('2006080', 'Thomas Beller returns from a visit to the country to a heat wave, and gets scolded on the subway.')('2006080', "Sarah Chayes explains how Afghanistan's national character - independent and culturally exuberant, yet devoted to Islam - arose from its history on the frontier between the Iranian plateau and the Indian subcontinent.")('2006080', 'The Liebermans have sold their house.')('2006080', 'A proxy advisory firm, Egan-Jones Proxy Services, said today that it has put its support behind most of the nominees proposed by H.J. Heinz Co. for its board. Heinz is locked in a proxy battle with Trian Partners, an activist fund led by Nelson Peltz. While Egan-Jones said it would support most of the porposed [...]')('2006080', 'John Faso accepting the Republican nomination in June. (James Estrin/The New York Times) John Faso not only responded to his being labeled an "Andrew" yesterday, but he also spent time discussing his property tax cut plan. At a news conference, he labeled Eliot Spitzer\'s plan, which calls for a $6 billion property tax cut over [...]')('2006080', 'There\'s a most thoughtful analysis of the current state of Internet journalism in an article by Nicholas Lemann, dean of the Graduate School of Journalism at Columbia University, in the Aug. 7 & 14 issue of The New Yorker. His comparisons of the roles of traditional and "citizen" journalists are realistic and not overly defensive [...]')('2006080', 'Q and A for Rebecca Charles of Pearl Oyster Bar.')('2006080', 'Citing a telecom newsletter and a Paris-based analyst, Reuters reported Tuesday that Alcatel is in talks with Nortel Networks, its Canadian rival, to acquire its high-speed mobile arm. Such a deal would be worth 1.51 billion euro ($1.91 billion), Reuters said. The French telecom giant has only a few months to seal a deal, before [...]')('2006080', "Eliot Spitzer said at last week's debate that he does not want be president. So let us add to the pointless speculation by linking to a U.S. News & World Report item that quotes someone who spoke to someone who says that Mr. Spitzer told him different. – Michael Cooper")('2006080', "The Frugal Traveler could have flown to Beijing for an extra $75, but he longed for the 48-hour train ride there, on which he hoped to get a people's-eye view of life in the People's Republic of China. Back to Article")('2006080', "Bank of America has continued its recent hiring spree by poaching Lehman Brothers's head of European communications for investment banking, sources told Reuters Tuesday. Mr. Berman will head Bank of America's European media and communications, those sources said. Lehman confirmed that Todd Berman has left the firm. It said that it has hired Bertrand Kan, [...]")('2006080', 'Nike chairman and co-founder (and Stanford University alumnus) Phil Knight is donating $105 million to the Stanford Graduate Business School, the university said in a statement Tuesday. According to Stanford, the gift is among the largest donations ever made to a business school. Most of the gift, about $100 million, will go toward building a [...]')('2006080', 'Helen Green\'s life as a secretary in Deutsche Bank Group Services\' London office was made miserable by four of her co-workers whose bullying caused Ms. Green to describe her workplace as a "department from hell." A High Court judge in London on Tuesday awarded Ms. Green, 36, about £800,000 ($1.5 million) in damages from the [...]')('2006080', 'Securities analysts have their Institutional Investor rankings, which often play a huge role in determining their compensation and establishing their reputations. Somewhat similarly, lawyers have "Super Lawyers" and "Best Lawyers in America." But not in New Jersey. The rankings, published by two different firms, were put out of business in the state by an ethics [...]')('2006080', 'K.T. McFarland. (Fred R. Conrad/The New York Times) The Democrats are making hay of a small misstep by the campaign of K.T. McFarland. In an email to supporters, she notes her recent appearance at the Chenango County lobsterfest with the Republican candidate for Governor. But in a caption apparently written by Ms. McFarland herself, she [...]')('2006080', "It's officially done. A Moscow judge declared Yukos bankrupt on Tuesday, paving the way for the liquidation of what was once Russia's biggest oil producer. The decision drops the curtain on a three-year drama that has seen Yukos's billionaire founder Mikhail Khodorkovsky jailed in a Siberian penal colony and the company's biggest production unit sold [...]")('2006080', 'Rudy Giuliani is building up some goodwill in the crucial primary state of South Carolina. He\'ll be the honored guest at an August 16th fundraiser for the South Carolina Republican Party in Charleston. In promoting the event, the local party said that "as Mayor, Rudy Giuliani returned accountability to City government and improved the quality [...]')('2006080', 'Arcelor shareholders will maintain control of the company once it merges with Mittal Steel, an Arcelor spokesman said Tuesday as the company tries to avoid a mandatory buyout of minority shareholders in its Brazil unit, the Agence France-Presse reported. Rules governing the unit, Arcelor Brasil, could require such an offer if control of Arcelor shifts [...]')('2006080', "The practice of law has changed dramatically since the mid-1980's, and many of the details of day-to-day life as a midlevel lawyer are vastly different than they were back then, but associates feel pretty much the same about their jobs as they did 20 years ago, according to a survey conducted by The American Lawyer. [...]")('2006080', 'When I listened to my voicemails after returning from vacation, guess what? All of them were automated phone-spam calls.')('2006080', 'The senator at last month\'s debate. (Bryan Snyder/Reuters) On day four of Joe Lieberman\'s tomorrow tour, it\'s another hopscotch of diners and senior centers. Mr. Lieberman says the best part of the trips are meeting "regular" voters. And an interesting mini-focus group emerged at the senator\'s early stop in New London. As Mr. Lieberman approached [...]')('2006080', "Russell shareholders on Tuesday approved the sporting goods maker's $600 million takeover by Berkshire Hathaway, the insurance and investment company run by billionaire Warren Buffett. More than 80 percent of Russell shares were voted for the merger, and holders of more than 98 percent of outstanding shares voted, Russell spokeswoman Nancy Young said. The merger [...]")('2006080', "YouTube is worth an estimated $1 billion, and everybody's wondering what's next for the online-video juggernaut. One option, made more appealing by the anemic market for technology IPOs, is to seek an acquirer. ZDNet blogger Russell Shaw on Monday chose what he said are the most likely buyers. The headline on his blog entry explicitly [...]")('2006080', 'The Drunken, Anti-Semitic Road Warrior: Never afraid to tell readers what he really thinks, Christopher Hitchens writes in Slate that Mel Gibson "is sick to his empty core with Jew-hatred." University of Wisconsin law professor Ann Althouse says Gibson\'s statements to police during his arrest will be more damaging to his career than O.J. Simpson\'s [...]')('2006080', 'Thank you again, kind readers, for your wonderful comments. Many of your ideas offer hope for the future. Internet and direct links between donors and beneficiaries certainly suggest encouraging prospects. (The problem in Afghanistan being language barriers and low literacy.) To Mr. Mamik I would reply that what I intend to do when I return [...]')('2006080', 'Midwestern bank KeyCorp said on Tuesday it may sell its Champion Mortgage subprime lending unit to focus on consumer and business banking. Henry Meyer, KeyCorp\'s chief executive, said in a statement that the Parsippany, N.J.-based Champion "no longer fits with our longer-term strategic priorities." The bank hired UBS Investment Bank to advise on a possible [...]')('2006080', 'Morning Buzz')('2006080', "In a conference call this morning to discuss its earnings, Verizon Communications' chairman and chief executive Ivan Seidenberg told investors and analysts that he expected Vodafone to keep its 45 percent stake in Verizon Wireless for the next several years. Mr. Seidenberg said that he had spoken directly with Vodafone's chief executive, Arun Sarin, who [...]")('2006080', 'If Israel\'s war with Hezbollah "keeps going as it is, Israel is headed for the greatest military humiliation in its history," writes Wall Street Journal columnist Bret Stephens. Of the tragedy in Qana, Stephens adds: Yes, Hezbollah bears ultimate responsibility here for deliberately placing its military assets among civilians. Yet the death of those children [...]')('2006080', 'Microsoft has given the European Union more documents in response to a 2004 antitrust order, but regulators said they do not know yet whether the company will avoid additional fines. The E.U. had threatened new penalties of $3.82 million a day beginning today, on top of $357 million levied July 12. Regulators have said the [...]')('2006080', 'Boston isn\'t especially rich when it comes to matters of corporate intrigue, now that most of the city\'s biggest companies have been turned into field offices and subsidiaries. But there\'s no doubt what question still prompts impassioned downtown debate: Who will run Fidelity Investments? Chairman Edward C. "Ned" Johnson III is 76 years old. His [...]')('2006080', 'Brooks Automation, which supplies systems to the semiconductor industry, said its former chief executive and two former directors signed a "false" document related to a stock-option grant. The company, which is under investigation by federal authorities for the possible manipulation of stock option grant dates, also said in a regulatory filing on Monday it is [...]')('2006080', "The Securities and Exchange Commission late Monday alleged that three former executives of Janus Capital Group had key roles in mutual-fund market-timing and trading arrangements that violated federal securities laws. The S.E.C.'s enforcement division accused Warren Lammert, a standout Janus fund manager in the late 1990s bull market, along with former Janus executive vice president [...]")('2006080', 'Software company CA on Monday filed its restated annual report for fiscal 2006 following an internal review of its stock option grant practices, an issue facing some 80 other U.S. companies. The restatement includes financial results for the fiscal years 2002 through 2005 and selected information for fiscal years 2005 and 2006 to reflect certain [...]')('2006080', "The medical device giant Medtronic's recent $40 million federal settlement of accusations that it paid doctors illegal kickbacks came under a new legal challenge yesterday from the lawyer of a whistle-blower who was excluded from the deal. In an objection filed yesterday in Federal District Court in Memphis, the lawyer, Andrew R. Carr Jr., said [...]")('2006080', "The former chief executive of one of the world's largest online gambling companies, BetOnSports, will remain in federal custody after pleading not guilty on Monday to charges of mail and wire fraud and racketeering. The executive, David Carruthers, was one of several BetOnSports employees and associates named in a federal 22-count indictment who entered pleas [...]")('2006080', 'Heinz executives squared off yesterday against dissident shareholders who seek board representation, in a forum arranged by the influential Institutional Shareholder Services. Billionaire investor Nelson Peltz and his Trian Group accused Heinz management of not adequately marketing its brands and slammed the 12-member Heinz board as a "clubby, caretaker board" that has not held Heinz [...]')('2006080', 'New York private equity firm Goode Partners is in advanced talks to take a minority stake in Shabby Chic, the home decor company founded by designer Rachel Ashwell, The New York Post reported. The investment, which the newspaper said could not immediately be determined, would help Shabby Chic, which already operates six retail stores and [...]')('2006080', 'Northrop Grumman has put its navigation systems division up for sale, continuing a trend by major defense contractors to trim their holdings after more than a decade of consolidation in the industry. A defense banker told The Daily Deal Monday morning that Los Angeles-based Northrop is seeking buyers for its navigation unit, which could fetch [...]')('2006080', 'On the heels of fleshing out its management team, Netcordia said Monday it had raised $10 million in venture capital. The Annapolis technology company, which makes network analysis software, landed a Series B round of funding from Trinity Ventures and Novak Biddle Venture Partners. Netcordia said it will use the money for product development and [...]')('2006080', "While once workers left other companies to join Yahoo and eBay, many employees are now leaving those firms to work at the newest wave of Web start-ups. The exodus - the largest outflow, some say, since Yahoo and eBay went public in the late 1990's - is a sign of how the two companies have [...]")('2006080', 'EnterpriseDB has roped in $20 million in Series B financing, proving that investors are still enamored with open-source software. The round is a big one for a company that only began selling its product in January. The $16.5 million venture investment and $3.5 million debt facility was led by Fidelity Ventures with participation from previous [...]')('2006080', "Venture capital experts say clean technology, particularly in energy, has become the fastest-growing sector in the private funding business. Recently, it surpassed semiconductors as the nation's fifth-largest sector for venture capital, after biotech, software, medical and telecommunications. The rapid growth has triggered concern that the cash is coming too fast to an industry still getting [...]")('2006080', 'Shares of Realogy and Wyndham Worldwide begin trading Tuesday, the latest in a series of spinoffs from Cendant. Shareholders will receive one share of Realogy for every four shares of Cendant stock they own. One share of hotelier Wyndham Worldwide will be distributed for every five shares of Cendant stock. Wyndham Worldwide is slated to [...]')('2006080', "Yao Yulin's decision to leave his job as partner and overseer of a successful Wall Street hedge fund to manage money on the sleepy Shanghai stock exchange speaks to the maturation of China's economic reforms, suggesting that the country's leaders may be growing serious about running a real stock market, cracking down on insider dealing [...]")('2006080', 'Investors rushed to buy shares in Poly Real Estate Group yesterday, oversubscribing the retail portion of the offering by 82 times, when it became the first property developer to list in China for more than a year. Shares in the developer soared 45 percent on the Shanghai stock exchange, hitting an intraday high of 21 [...]')('2006080', 'Affymax, buoyed with nearly $100 million in venture capital and a pharmaceutical deal potentially worth $535 million, now will test the appetites of public market investors. The Palo Alto, Calif. company developer of peptide-based drugs filed to sell up to $115 million in stock in an initial public offering, according to a filing with the [...]')('2006080', 'Bank of America Chief Executive Ken Lewis plans to exercise 4.08 million options to buy company shares through the end of the year. After paying taxes and acquisition costs, Mr. Lewis will retain all of the resulting shares and receive no additional cash. The option exercises are scheduled to begin in late August and occur [...]')('2006080', "Japan's two biggest banks, Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group and rival Mizuho Financial Group, reported mixed earnings results Monday, although both credited the revived economy for helping reduce bad loans. Mitsubishi UFJ, the country's biggest banking group by assets, said profit fell 16 percent in the latest quarter as rising operating expenses offset higher interest income [...]")('2006080', "Deutsche Bank, Germany's biggest bank, said profit increased 29 percent in the second quarter, buoyed by revenue from debt and currency trading. Net income rose to 1.23 billion euros ($1.57 billion) from 947 million euros a year earlier, the Frankfurt-based bank said on its Web site today. The median forecast of 21 analysts surveyed by [...]")('2006080', "Credit Suisse Group, the world's third-biggest money manager for millionaires, may say tomorrow that second-quarter profit more than doubled, led by trading revenue and fees from overseeing client accounts. Net income probably rose to 2.21 billion Swiss francs ($1.79 billion) from 919 million francs a year earlier, according to the median estimate of 13 analysts [...]")('2006080', 'Jon Wood, a former UBS trader who helped the Zurich-based bank earn $2.4 billion over a six-year span, raised more than $3 billion for a hedge fund he plans to open in September, said two of his investors. Mr. Wood, 44, and four former colleagues will focus on U.S. and European equities at Monaco-based SRM [...]')('2006080', 'Lebanese-Americans have considerable influence in international financial circles, especially on Wall Street. Ziad K. Abdelnour, George F. Boutros, John J. Mack and Walid A. Chammah are among them. As the debate over the fighting between Israel and Hezbollah in Lebanon rages on, The New York Times takes a look at some of these high-profile dealmakers, [...]')('2006080', 'Lifeway Foods, the leading supplier of the drinkable yogurt kefir, is expected to announce Monday the acquisition of its largest competitor in drinkable yogurt. The Morton Grove, Ill.-based company, which in the past year has inked distribution deals with Target Stores, Wal-Mart Stores and Costco, is acquiring Helios Nutrition and its dairy in Sauk Centre, [...]')('2006080', "Four brewers are expected to belly up to the bar today and pitch offers for Canada's Sleeman Breweries as the auction of the $220-million beer maker enters its final stage. The two major Canadian players, Molson Coors Brewing and Labatt Brewing, are expected to make bids. So too are a pair of overseas brewers that [...]")('2006080', "Perseus Books Group, one of the largest independent publishers of general-interest books, is expected to announce today that it has acquired Consortium, a St. Paul-based provider of sales, marketing, distribution and bill collecting services to 100 small independent publishers across the country. Consortium sells and distributes books for some of the country's most prestigious small [...]")('2006080', 'ConAgra Foods said Monday it agreed to sell its refrigerated meats businesses, including the Butterball and Armour brands, to Smithfield Foods for $475 million in cash and $100 million in stock. ConAgra, which said in February it planned to exit the refrigerated meats business, said the cash portion of the agreement is subject to adjustments [...]')('2006080', "Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer, Britain's second-biggest law firm, was hit by the departure of 30 partners yesterday, as it emerged that its senior partner had rebuffed a merger proposal from its smaller rival Allen & Overy. Allen & Overy, Britain's fourth biggest legal firm, attempted to woo Freshfields at a lunch earlier this year. Guy Beringer [...]")('2006080', "Philosophy Cosmetics, a maker of pricey lotions, hair-care and makeup products known for whimsical names such as Hope in a Jar and Grace, is on the block, according to The Daily Deal. The Phoenix-based company's Ebitda is $45 million, and it is expected to be sold at a multiple of 10 times that, sources told [...]")('2006080', "Federal regulators cleared the way on Monday for McClatchy to sell four newspapers in a $1 billion deal that will establish the MediaNews Group as the San Francisco Bay Area's largest newspaper publisher. The Justice Department removed a potential stumbling block by closing its antitrust investigation into the deal, which involves The San Jose Mercury [...]")('2006080', "The sale of AOL's British business has hit a snag because the internet service provider wants to retain contact with its 2.5 million customers, demanding that they continue to be routed through to its online portal – a move that has put the unit's 650 million pound price tag in doubt. Time Warner is expected [...]")('2006080', "The largely unexpected appointment of a lawyer to head up the world's largest pharmaceutical firm has many on Wall Street speculating that Pfizer's board may see acquisitions as the key to its future. Late Friday, Pfizer surprised industry watchers when it announced that it had appointed the company's general counsel, Jeffrey Kindler, to assume the [...]")('2006080', 'The European Commission is drawing up plans for use of its "nuclear option" to prevent Spain sabotaging E.ON\'s proposed 27 billion euro takeover of the Madrid electricity group Endesa, risking a high-stakes battle with government of Jose-Luis Zapatero over protectionist policies. According to The Telegraph, Brussels is outraged by a new ruling from Spain\'s National [...]')('2006080', "Telenor, the largest Norwegian phone company, won the auction Monday for the Serbian mobile-phone operator Mobi 63 for 1.51 billion euro ($1.93 billion) in the Balkan country's biggest state-owned asset sale. The Nordic company, which beat Telekom Austria and Orascom Telecom Holding of Egypt in an auction in Belgrade, will gain more than two million [...]")('2006080', "Comcast and Time Warner, the two biggest U.S. cable-television operators, said yesterday that they had completed the $16.7 billion purchase of Adelphia Communications assets, adding systems in cities including Los Angeles and Miami. The price was $12.5 billion in cash and 16 percent of Time Warner Cable's stock, the companies said in a statement yesterday. [...]")('2006080', "Speculation that the widening options backdating scandal will spur a new round of mergers and acquisitions is ramping up after memory chip maker M-Systems became the second company under investigation to be acquired in one week's time. On Monday, SanDisk said it would acquire its Israeli rival for $1.3 billion, a week after software firm [...]")('2006080', "With the hype still swirling around the proposed $32 billion buyout of HCA, the chattering classes of the financial world have been speculating over the next great takeover target. The past two years have seen a rise in the number of large-scale private-equity deals; this year alone featured takeovers of Kinder Morgan ($26.5 billion), Albertson's [...]")('2006080', 'Ontario Securities Commission has filed allegations against Eugene Melnyk, chairman of Biovail, accusing him of failing to file proper insider trading reports. The commission says the filings relate to trades in Biovail shares that were held in a number of trust accounts set up by Mr. Melnyk in 1996 to hold a large chunk of [...]')('2006080', 'From the vantage point of the executive suite, it is easy to see activist hedge funds as little more than a corporate gadfly, making stinging remarks from the sidelines but essentially ignorable - or at least able to be dispatched with a good, quick swat. Increasingly, however, industry analysts and legal professionals are calling hedge [...]')('2006080', 'In this lesson, students take part in a "jigsaw" discussion on the ways in which human health and life expectancy have changed over the past century. For homework, they write essays examining how increasing rates of obesity might affect life expectancy in the future.')('2006080', "Eight letters respond to air raids in Qana, Lebanon; Rabbi Hershel Billet says Israel warned Lebanese citizens to leave their towns and blames Hezbollah for using civilian center as staging area for military aggression; Edward Thomas recalls article on April 22, 1996, calling that attack on Qana 'debacle' for Israel, and fears it is applicable once again; Fred Drumlevitch calls Israel's tactics in Lebanon disproportionate and unproductive; Barry Lynn says Hezbollah must be defeated before hostilities end or it will return with more strength; Barry Verstaendig calls for Hezbollah and Hamas to apologize for Israeli civilians killed in past years as Israel did for air strike on Qana; Ralph Gibson calls for end to hostilities, as Israel has now shown that it is formidable force; J Paul Pemsler, prompted by July 30 David Brooks Op-Ed column, agrees that war in Iraq has weakened Israel's position in area; Blacky Bokich says Hezbollah and Hamas exist solely because of Israeli occupation and fears situation will be endless war; drawing")('2006080', 'Kathleen A Gilbert letter on July 25 article about Alcoholics Anonymous program suggests that anyone can attend meetings; holds that most other treatment programs require insurance or are expensive')('2006080', 'More than 220 pieces of Russian jewelry worth $5 million are stolen from State Hermitage Museum in St Petersburg (S)')('2006080', 'Battery Park City Authority votes to give $130 million in excess revenue to New York City fund to create or preserve 4,300 units of low- and moderate-income housing over next three years (S)')('2006080', 'Dr Kirsten Melgaard Nielsen, Aarhus Sygehus University Hospital (Denmark) internist, leads study that finds people between 30 and 69 years of age who live alone are twice as likely to have heart attack, angina or sudden cardiac death than people living with someone else; research is published in Journal of Epidemiology and Community Health (S)')('2006080', 'Adam Koeppel letter on July 25 article about second genomic code suggests that use of word design to describe evolutionary change of genetics is inappropriate')('2006080', 'Russell Travis letter contends Las Vegas ordinance against feeding homeless in parks is insulting (July 28 article)')('2006080', 'Arthur L Yeager letter on July 25 article about aggressive and passive rats says similar results might show up in humans; Greg Otis letter on same article suggests that artwork used in story is discriminatory; photo (M)')('2006080', 'Thousands of unaffiliated Connecticut voters register as Democrats to be able to vote in intensifying senatorial primary race between Sen Joseph I Lieberman and antiwar candidate Ned Lamont; can continue to change their registration until noon on day before primary; photo (M)')('2006080', 'Jon Doherty letter on July 25 article about calories in food and energy expended while eating suggests that some foods, like shellfish, require extra phyical work to eat')('2006080', "Photo of sprinter Justin Gatlin's coach Trevor Graham, who could be affected by Gatlin's positive testosterone test")('2006080', 'Dr Chris L Bryson of University of Washington leads study on alcohol consumption that suggests people age 65 and older may receive some heart health benefits from consuming one or two drinks per day; research is published in Journal of the American College of Cardiology; drawing (M)')('2006080', 'Australian supermarket chain Coles Myer plans to spend 850 million Australian dollars ($654 million) to upgrade stores to regain market share from Woolworths; says it will change its name to Coles Group (S)')('2006080', 'Jerrold Larsen Buerer letter on July 25 article about medical care for President James A Garfield received after he was shot in 1881 says that if he is ever hospitalized, he will never complain about intravenous feeding')('2006080', 'Photo of Clayton Patterson')('2006080', 'Tuition and fees accounted for more of City University of New York operating budget of $1.9 billion in 2005 because of 24 percent cutback in state aid and 24 percent cutback in city aid (S)')('2006080', 'Dr Jacqueline M Katz of Centers for Disease Control and Prevention leads research on bird flu virus; research, which is published in Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, tries to develop strain of virus combining bird and human flu to determine how easily it could be done; high-security laboratory was unsuccessful in making deadly virus; experts hope it will be equally difficult to occur in nature; photo (M)')('2006080', 'Nine letters on July 25 article about books on science and religion; Michael J Gorman says that science without faith is empty; Derek Lessing and Patrick Enright hold that those who claim existence of God must provide proof of their assertion for it to be believed; Kenneth R Stunkel doubts that debate between science and religion will ever be resolved; Doug Fox suggests that scientists consider themselves to be agnostics; Carol Hamilton says that history of Christianity is not unique; William Payne contends that terms good and evil lack reference points without religion; Michael Hadjiargyrou says faith stems from man trying to understand physical world around him; William Horwitz suggests that article should have clarified difference between atheism and agnosticism; drawing (L)')('2006080', 'Correction of statistics on drowning given in Jane E Brody July 25 Personal Health column (S)')('2006080', 'Washington Nationals retain Alfonso Soriano, despite talks of trade; photos (M)')('2006080', 'Federal court denies defense motion in case of Hollywood private detective Anthony Pellicano to compel government to turn over evidence relating to Nov 22, 2002 search warrant that may show that Stanley Ornellas, FBI agent who prepared warrant, acted in bad faith (S)')('2006080', "Three letters comment on July 30 editorial endorsing Ned Lamont over incumbent Sen Joseph Lieberman for Senate in Connecticut Democratic primary; Lanny J Davis, who served as Pres Clinton's special counsel, praises Lieberman's overall record and says endorsement reflects Times's anger over his failure to challenge Bush administration on Iraq; Gail Minthorn agrees with endorsement of Lamont; Jim Condren says neither Pres Bush nor Lieberman have dealt with issue of spreading burden of war beyond military personnel and their families; says accounting is long overdue")('2006080', 'Heath Ledger will star as Joker in Batman film The Dark Knight, to be directed by Christopher Nolan; photo (S)')('2006080', 'Photo of Washington Nationals player Alfonso Soriano, who will remain with Nationals after reports that he would be traded')('2006080', "Letter from former astronaut Wally Schirra comments on July 22 article about NASA's mission statement")('2006080', 'Small Business Administration makes available low-interest loans of up to $1.5 million to small businesses that have suffered losses because of recent power failures in Queens, NY; small businesses in Brooklyn, Bronx and Nassau County, NY, are also eligible (M)')('2006080', 'Shakira and Red Hot Chili Peppers lead field with seven award nominations each for 23rd annual MTV Video Music Awards; other nominees include Madonna, Panic] at the Disco, Christina Aguilera, Kelly Clarkson and Nelly Furtado; photo (M)')('2006080', 'Q & A describes strength of human jaw; drawing (M)')('2006080', "Photo of Boston Red Sox's win over Cleveland Indians")('2006080', "Patricia Marx imagines what she's missed by not reading the newspaper.")('2006080', 'Michael Young writes from Lebanon on the waning diplomatic role of the United States.')('2006080', "Daoud Kuttab writes about his sister's failed attempt to travel to the West Bank from Jordan.")('2006080', 'Doug Coupland offers advice to first-time novelists.')('2006080', 'Links: Stay inside. Read political blogs.')('2006080', 'Ned and Joe cross paths at the anti-WalMart rally.')('2006080', 'Bloomberg Explains Suit-Wearing During Heat Wave')('2006080', "Mergers involving small-cap companies are accelerating and are likely to continue, with the technology, finance and healthcare industries seeing the most activity, according to Merrill Lynch's SmallCap Strategy report. The value of deals in the medical-device business is already twice that seen in all of 2005, with $6.4 billion in mergers and acquisitions, the report [...]")('2006080', 'The activist hedge fund ValueAct Capital may have found its next target, according to Rick Konrad, a portfolio manager writing at the SeekingAlpha blog. The tool maker Snap-On "is one of those great brands that seems to have lived mostly on its legacy of a great brand name, and has thus shown glacial improvement over [...]')('2006080', 'Tasini Seeks to Debate Hillary Clinton')('2006080', 'Time Warner didn\'t make a stupendous mistake my merging with AOL, wrote BusinessWeek blogger Tim Mullaney on Tuesday. It was the other way around. Mr. Mullaney, keeper of the magazine\'s DealFlow blog, took a potshot at The New York Times and hurled an outright insult at the ValleyWag blog ("typically uninformed"; "wildly overrated") for upholding [...]')('2006080', 'Readers respond to Thomas L. Friedman\'s Aug. 2 column, "A Choice for the Rogues." Kevin Fleming, Drexel Hill, Pa.: What exactly is a rogue state/nation? How is it that Iran, North Korea and Saddam\'s Iraq, et al., get tagged "rogue" when they are doing no more than certain non-rogue states, like China and many of [...]')('2006080', 'Gross-out vids on the Web are multiplying.')('2006080', 'Saks said Wednesday it will sell its Parisian department store chain to Belk for $285 million in cash, leaving the high-end retailer with its namesake luxury business. Saks has been shedding its mid-brow regional department store chains over the past year. In January it said it was exploring strategic options for Parisian, which operates department [...]')('2006080', "Not surprisingly, the mood is grim at Milberg Weiss, the legendary law firm that specializes in securities class actions on behalf of investors. The firm and some of its name partners are under indictment on allegations that it made kickbacks to plaintiffs. Lawyers and other staffers are fleeing in droves. Plaintiffs are firing the firm's [...]")('2006080', 'A Silver coup in the works?')('2006080', "France's second largest fixed-line telecoms provider, Neuf Cegetel, is in exclusive talks to acquire AOL's Internet access business in that country, the pair said on Wednesday. AOL would, however, retain its Internet portal operations in France and provide them to Neuf Cegetel customers through a partnership contract the two companies are negotiating. Financial details were [...]")('2006080', "Welcome to First Look. This blog gives you the opportunity to talk with our editors and developers - and let them talk to you - about new features and services that we're developing for NYTimes.com. For now, we're dedicating it to the beta test of My Times, our new service that lets you create a [...]")('2006080', "French oil major Total said on Wednesday it had raised its direct stake in Spanish oil firm Cepsa to 44.5 percent after an agreement with bank Santander ended a long-running ownership dispute. Under the deal, which comes after a partial award made in March by a Dutch arbitration court, Spain's Santander will transfer 4.35 percent [...]")('2006080', "John Faso's planned Saratoga fund-raiser was scratched today after the New York Racing Association canceled all races because of the heat.")('2006080', "For Securities and Exchange Chairman Christopher Cox, his first year as the nation's top securities cop has been one of diplomacy, not brashness. It has been one of emphasis on gathering consensus on a variety of hot-button issues, he said in an interview with the Washington Post published Wednesday. From pushing forward a compensation disclosure [...]")('2006080', "For Kohlberg Kravis Roberts, Bain Capital and their partners, the cost of acquiring hospital operator HCA will be nearly $100 million higher for than it would have been just three months ago, according to Bloomberg News. That's because of higher interest rates, which, together with stricter terms from banks, are making life a little tougher [...]")('2006080', "The Securities and Exchange Commission may not only drop its charges against Pequot Capital Management and Morgan Stanley C.E.O. John J. Mack, but it may also take the unusual step of releasing all the evidence in its investigation, CNBC's Charles Gasparino reported on the Squawk Box blog. Citing unnamed sources, Mr. Gasparino said that the [...]")('2006080', 'Where have you gone, Bess Truman? You\'ve been replaced by Elizabeth Dole. In The New Republic, Michelle Cottle offers a sociological analysis of Washington\'s "Second Wives Club." [$] Increasingly, politicians who come to Washington are leaving their families in their home district, and then after a few years, they leave their marriages in their home [...]')('2006080', "Once, the Nasdaq's purchase of 25.1 percent of the London Stock Exchange seemed like a brilliant move. It offered a convenient jumping-off point for an eventual takeover bid, and it effectively blocked offers from rival exchanges, notably the New York Stock Exchange. That was then. Now the Nasdaq's slipping stock price could make that gamble [...]")('2006080', "Several prominent black politicians are in the news this morning, with Al Sharpton and Jesse Jackson preparing to hit the campaign trail for Joe Lieberman's opponent, Ned Lamont, while Congressman Charlie Rangel of Harlem tells the Washington Post that he will quit if his party fails to win back the House [Update: A.P. has more, [...]")('2006080', 'Al Gore is the controlling weather authority: Robert Wright posits that the unbearable heat wave is a clever ploy by Gore to promote his presidential candidacy. "If you can invent the Internet, you can control the climate," Wright says on bloggingheads.tv. (If you have doubts, recall that Gore revealed that he had developed an "anti-hurricane [...]')('2006080', "Perella Weinberg Partners , the boutique investment bank recently launched by Joseph Perella and Peter Weinberg, said Tuesday that it has recruited Andrew Bednar, former head of United States mergers and acquisitions at Bank of America, as a partner in New York. Before serving as a managing director at Bank of America's Banc of America [...]")('2006080', "Boutique investment bank Lazard said Wednesday that its profit increased in the second quarter from a year ago, lifted by strength in its financial advisory and asset-management businesses. Lazard's net income, on a pro-forma basis, rose to $62.9 million in the latest quarter from $32 million a year earlier. Revenue came to $262.1 million, compared [...]")('2006080', 'A federal jury in Manhattan acquitted a former trader on the New York Stock Exchange, Robert A. Scavone, of securities fraud yesterday. Mr. Scavone, who worked at the Van der Moolen Specialists USA unit of Van der Moolen Holding, was indicted along with 14 other traders in April 2005. Two traders have pleaded guilty and [...]')('2006080', 'A U.S. judge last night delayed setting a trial date for the NatWest Three after two of the bankers, Giles Darby and Gary Mulgrew, said they needed more time to hire lawyers. The trial had been due to start on September 11, but U.S. magistrate Stephen Smith agreed to wait to set the trial date. [...]')('2006080', "An appeals court has tossed out the convictions of conspiracy and wire fraud against four ex-Merrill Lynch executives who were found guilty in a 1999 scheme to improperly boost Enron's earnings. The 5th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in New Orleans announced late Tuesday that the charges of fraud against former Merrill Lynch executives James [...]")('2006080', 'St. Paul Travelers Companies, the insurance company, agreed yesterday to pay $77 million to settle accusations of bid-rigging and improper accounting in Connecticut, Illinois and New York. The settlement, the latest stemming from a two-year investigation by the New York attorney general, Eliot Spitzer, includes $37 million in restitution to policyholders and $40 million in [...]')('2006080', 'Shareholders of Onyx Software approved the $4.80-per-share, or $92 million, buyout offer from M2M Holdings Tuesday. The deal is expected to close Aug. 2, and Onyx will cease to be a publicly traded company. M2M Holdings is privately held and is owned by Battery Ventures VI and Thoma Cressey Equity Partners, with a primary asset [...]')('2006080', 'The troubled fashion house Cerruti has a new owner, designer and chief executive. Private equity firm MatlinPatterson, a $3.8 billion fund with offices in New York, London and Hong Kong, said Tuesday it had purchased Cerruti from bankrupt Italian conglomerate Fin.part and immediately planned to revitalize the brand under the artistic direction of Nicolas Andreas [...]')('2006080', 'Silver Lake Partners has agreed to acquire networking communications service company IPC Information Systems for $800 million in a secondary buyout from GS Capital Partners, the New York private equity arm of Goldman, Sachs & Co. New York-based IPC, which announced the deal Tuesday, provides hardware and networking communications services to financial institutions, a field [...]')('2006080', "HBOS and Simon and David Reuben have trumped Permira and Barclays Capital in the battle for McCarthy & Stone, offering 1.1 billion pounds ($2.1 billion) for the U.K.'s largest builder of retirement homes. The HBOS consortium, which includes the Reubens and Scottish entrepreneur Tom Hunter, yesterday bid 10.75 pounds a share in an effort to [...]")('2006080', 'In the latest bidding war between private equity firms, Kohlberg Kravis Roberts and Silver Lake Partners appeared close to a deal last night to acquire the semiconductor unit of Philips Electronics. The two firms would pay about eight billion euros, or more than $10.2 billion, for the unit, surpassing bidders that included the Texas Pacific [...]')('2006080', "DiVitas Networks, a wireless network software company, said Tuesday it raised $15 million in its second round of venture funding. Menlo Ventures led the round; Clearstone Venture Partners also gave money. The Mountain View, Calif. company has raised $23 million in venture capital so far. John Jarve of Menlo Ventures took a seat on DiVitas' [...]")('2006080', 'VeraLight has received $17.5 million in new venture capital. The funding marks the second round of investments in the Albuquerque, New M.M.-based biotech start-up, which is developing a diabetes-testing device that draws no blood and offers results in 60 seconds. VeraLight got $5 million in an A-Series round of seed funding in September 2005. Psilos [...]')('2006080', "Renewable fuel plant operator Altra has completed one of the year's largest venture fundings, a $120 million round that will allow the company to boost its ethanol-generating capacity in response to a federal mandate. The deal comes less than four months after Altra announced its first round of venture funding. Although the size was never [...]")('2006080', 'Post-production company The Mill, which worked on Oscar-winning film "Gladiator," has hired boutique investment bank Long Acre Partners to explore a potential sale of the business, writes The Telegraph\'s Ben Harrington. Sources told The Telegraph that The Mill, which provides visual effects to the advertising, music and entertainment industries, likely to examine a secondary buyout [...]')('2006080', "Severstal, the Russian steelmaker which intervened unsuccessfully in Mittal Steel's battle to acquire Arcelor this year, is to join the growing group of top Russian companies listing in London. The company, controlled by Alexei Mordashov, who is reportedly Russia's seventh-richest man, is expected to raise about $1.5 billion through a flotation, possibly in the late [...]")('2006080', "BNP Paribas, France's largest bank by market value, said second-quarter profit rose 31 percent, helped by the purchase of Italy's Banca Nazionale del Lavoro and higher revenue from equity derivatives trading. Net income climbed to 1.9 billion euros ($2.44 billion) from 1.46 billion euros a year earlier, the Paris-based lender said in an e-mailed statement [...]")('2006080', 'Credit Suisse Group, recovering from an investment banking loss a year ago, said profit more than doubled in the second quarter, helped by trading gains and fees from managing money. Net income rose to 2.16 billion Swiss francs ($1.76 billion), or 4.07 francs a share, from 919 million francs, or 1.86 francs, a year earlier, [...]')('2006080', 'Goldman Sachs, known for its prowess in trading and investment banking, has been quietly building up its international private banking business. The firm plans to more than double the amount of private client investment managers that it has outside the United States, said Douglas C. Grip, managing director and head of private wealth management international [...]')('2006080', 'With Citigroup raising a multibillion-dollar private equity fund and buyout behemoth Carlyle Group set to launch a hedge-fund business, the lines between hedge funds, private equity firms and investment banks are becoming increasingly blurred, The New York Times says. The banks rushing into private equity, to avoid any appearance of conflict, are tying themselves in [...]')('2006080', 'Media companies Gannett, McClatchy and Tribune on Tuesday announced an agreement relating to their stakes in their classified help-wanted advertising venture CareerBuilder.com, and two other online businesses, ShopLocal.com and Topix.net. Gannett and Tribune will each boost their ownership in Chicago-based CareerBuilder and ShopLocal.com to 42.5 percent, and in Topix.net to 31.9 percent. Sacramento, Calif.-based McClatchy [...]')('2006080', 'Talks between Sir John Hall, the life president of Newcastle United, and the secretive Chelsea, U.K.-based hedge fund Polygon have stalled over the blocking stake held by group chairman Freddy Shepherd. Sir John, who rose to chair the Premiership club in the early 1980s, said in June that he had received "expressions of interest" about [...]')('2006080', 'Verizon Communications said Tuesday that it had shut the door, for now, on an effort to buy out Vodafone Group\'s 45 percent stake in their mobile phone joint venture. Chairman Ivan Seidenberg of Verizon said during an earnings conference call that Vodafone Chief Executive Arun Sarin had told him last week that he was "extremely [...]')('2006080', "Mittal Steel and Arcelor, whose $38.3 billion combination will control a tenth of the world's steel, said second-quarter profit dropped on rising raw-material costs and lower prices. Arcelor's net income fell 35 percent to 653 million euros ($837 million), or 1.04 euros a share, from 1 billion euros, or 1.57 euros a share, a year [...]")('2006080', 'Exelon\'s seemingly endless attempt to buy a New Jersey gas-and electric-utility appears to be reaching a climax, with the Chicago-based company offering consumers there $600 million in concessions but demanding that regulators decide soon whether the deal can go through. "We must reach a preliminary agreement with the principal government parties in the next week [...]')('2006080', 'Ford Motor has hired Kenneth Leet, who led merger teams at Goldman Sachs and Bank of America, to lead a team that will examine whether to pursue alliances with other automakers and whether to sell assets such as the Jaguar luxury-car unit, according to The Wall Street Journal. Mr. Leet was recruited to Ford by [...]')('2006080', "The board of Phelps Dodge has directed its executives and advisers to review some new strategies for its attempted takeover of Inco, one of which calls for the addition of a bidding partner. Phelps's board of directors met Monday night after rival bidder Teck Cominco renewed its pursuit of Inco by adding an additional $2 [...]")('2006080', "This time, Vonage says it means business. The voice-over-Internet company will go after those customers who now refuse to pay for about 1.1 million shares they bought in its public offering. That translates to roughly one in four shares that customers bought during the company's $531 million I.P.O. Of the roughly 9,000 customers who participated [...]")('2006080', "In this lesson, students learn about Miami's Cuban exile community's response to the August 1, 2006, news that Cuban President Fidel Castro had temporarily ceded power. They then explore Cuba's leadership, government, economy, international relations, and exile community to present to fellow classmates at a teach-in.")('2006080', 'Sri Lankan government forces continue hitting Tamil Tiger positions as fight over irrigation canal, which government accuses rebels of blocking, continues; Sweden will pull its peacekeeping monitors from country; rebels want withdrawal of all countries from European Union, which labeled group terrorist organization in May (S)')('2006080', 'Former Pres Bill Clinton says his foundation will focus on reduction of greenhouse gases; makes announcement in California, hours after state Environmental Protection Agency releases report predicting that it will become hotter and drier by end of century; California, like rest of nation, has been struggling through weeks of record temperatures and ensuing power failures; Clinton says interest in climate issues arose during his presidency and has grown in recent years (M)')('2006080', 'Harold Scott, actor, producer, and first black artistic director of Cincinnati Playhouse in the Park, dies at age 70; photo (M)')('2006080', 'New York Rangers sign defenseman Michal Rozsival to two-year contract (S)')('2006080', 'Letter from Qubad Talabany, Representative of the Kurdistan Regional Government to US, says July 26 editorial describing Kurds as insulated is unfair; says Kurds care about and have worked toward building democracy in Iraq')('2006080', "New York Yankees player Gary Sheffield greets new outfielder Bobby Abreu, who could permanently take Sheffield's place in right field, with hug; photo (M)")('2006080', 'New York Knicks games will air only five times on NBA TV this season (S)')('2006080', 'Seventh annual Latin Alternative Music Conference will include performances by Pacha, Hip Hop Hoodios, Los Amigos Invisibles, Los Bunkers and Belanova; photo (S)')('2006080', "Five letters respond to reporting on Israel and Lebanon; Thomas A Edelman scores Aug 1 editorial, saying it bandies about lofty goals but ignores reality; Beth Gorod says diplomacy has been tried and has failed; Armed G Shoreibah says provocation by Hezollah was clearly wrong, but holds Israel's response has been outrageous; Paul M Wortman, prompted by Aug 1 article, says Pres Bush should be engaged in crisis and calling for cease-fire instead of focusing on Iran and Syria as supporting terrorism; Lisa Guisbond, responding to Aug 1 letter, says responsibility does not rest solely on Hezbollah")('2006080', 'Mark Bittman The Minimalist column offers recipe and instructions for preparing grilled tuna burgers (M)')('2006080', 'Lynn Jaffe letter bemoans amount of effort that is expended on producing tastier low-fat ice cream in world where illness and poverty are rampant (July 26 article)')('2006080', 'Rocker Meat Loaf drops trademark lawsuit against songwriter Jim Steiman; Steinman, clearing way for release of his new album Bat Out of Hell III on Halloween; photo (S)')('2006080', "Two letters respond to July 30 editorial endorsing Ned Lamont in Connecticut Democratic primary Senate race; Gil Ghitelman says editorial did not go far enough in praising Lamont, instead focusing on its disapproval of Sen Joseph Lieberman's support of Iraq war; William J Doyle says Lieberman's position on Iraq does not define him and scores editorial for ignoring complete record")('2006080', 'Food and Drug Administration announcment that it will move to make emergency contraception available over the counter does not appease Sens Hillary Clinton and Patty Murray, who have held up confirmation of Dr Andrew C von Eschenbach, nominee to lead agency; senators say previous commissioner made same promise to approve Plan B but deadlines passed without action; say holdup reflects larger problem with politicization at FDA; photo (M)')('2006080', 'Inlet Seafood Restaurant in Montauk, NY, is owned by six local fishing boat captains whose catches offer freshest flavor; photo (S)')('2006080', "Jaakko Haikonen letter, prompted by July 31 article, says he is grateful for kindergarten system in Finland where children are encouraged to play and 'be children'")('2006080', 'Photo of New York Jets wide receiver Reggie Newhouse at training camp')('2006080', "Sen Joseph I Lieberman's battle to retain his seat in Connecticut is causing some factions within national Democratic Party to prepare to campaign against him if he loses primary and runs as independent candidate in general election in November; only handful of Democrats pledge to support him if he loses to his antiwar challenger, Ned Lamont; some say that Lamont primary victory will provide opportunity to shift party in more progressive direction; Lieberman says that if he wins general election as an independent he will vote with Democratic caucus; photos (M)")('2006080', 'Crispy Green in West Orange, NJ, packages freeze-dried fruits in single-serving bags; photo (S)')('2006080', 'Letter from Greenmarket manager of publicity and special events Gabrielle Langholtz touting success of program and its partnerships in widely diverse communities in New York (July 19 article)')('2006080', 'Photo of Monk parakeets nesting on power poles in Brooklyn')('2006080', 'Correction; July 26 article about new techniques for making low-fat ice cream inaccurately described government labeling requirement; product that contains no more than half fat and two-thirds calories of original can be labeled light, not reduced fat')('2006080', "Eight letters comment on July 31 article in series The New Gender Divide; Sam Vidal says men who are not worried about their financial futures will be burden on all society; Patricia Y C E Lin finds it embarrassing that millions of men have decided to remain unemployed, while many immigrants work long hours for little money; Prof Kathleen C Schwartzman praises article for focusing on economy that does not offer jobs that people want; Terry Lee and Jean Kazez argue that it is misguided to classify former laborer as 'missing' from labor force just because he is pursuing more artistic endeavors; Bonnie Schultz says article highlights need for age discrimination legislation; Victor Sanchez claims men who reject work is nothing new; Kathleen Thies offers humorous comment; drawing")('2006080', 'Steuben Glass store in Manhattan features crystal lobster designed by Tav Lebel Schaefer; photo (S)')('2006080', "Social workers, care providers and nurses visit New York's homebound elderly as temperatures near 100 degrees, making certain they are well and have what they need; many elderly live too far from city cooling centers and even short walks in hot and humid air take their toll; visits are often more than just health checkups as elderly and visitors bond over misery of heat; photos (M)")('2006080', 'Four elected officials, including Sen Charles E Schumer, call on Consolidated Edison to provide restitution for damaged equipment and other losses to businesses affected by recent blackout in Queens; says cap of $7,000 per business and for perishable goods only is inadequate (S)')('2006080', "Sen Joseph I Lieberman, Connecticut Democrat seeking his third term, says he remains confident that US can begin withdrawing troops from Iraq as early as end of this year; comment comes day after a dozen Democratic leaders in Congress release letter sent to Pres Bush calling for phased redeployment of American troops to begin before end of year; Lieberman says letter sets too strict a deadline; advisers to Lieberman's challenger, Ned Lamont, say Lieberman only hurts himself by defending his position on Iraq (M)")('2006080', 'Chocolatier Jacques Torres is making ice cream and selling it in form of ice cream sandwiches in fun flavors at his Brooklyn location; photo (S)')('2006080', "Anticipation is palpable in South Florida, as Cubans await updates from island they fled, mostly to escape authoritarian rule and harsh economic conditions under Pres Fidel Castro, who has ceded power to his brother Raul because of illness; Miami's emergency operations center opens in case developments in Cuba foment chaos; photo (M)")('2006080', 'Correction; July 26 article about cooking demonstrations by chef David Bouley misspelled name of store where he buys ingredients')('2006080', 'Noisy, diesel-fuel-guzzling generators have become common sight across parts of western Queens because even though blackout that began in mid-July has officially ended, workers are still repairing damaged feeder cables; some generators are being used to reduce strain on already overtaxed grid; residents are happy to see generators but are tiring of breathing diesel fumes (M)')('2006080', 'Blogosphere: "Juvenile and Petulant"?')('2006080', 'Adam Davies settles into an apartment in Clinton Hill, Brooklyn, and remembers why he prefers living in New York.')('2006080', 'Douglas Coupland anticipates the premiere of his movie, "Everything\'s Gone Green," at the Toronto International Film Festival, in September.')('2006080', 'A few readers have complained that The Times reacted slowly to the power outage affecting about 100,000 people in Queens last month.')('2006080', 'Rhyming with the Reverend Jackson.')('2006080', 'Mel Gibson, Mel Gibson, Mel Gibson.')('2006080', 'TED has released 12 more of its astonishing free videos online.')('2006080', 'Bad weather in Budapest, but that in itself is a relief in a Europe that has been going through a heat wave that the races seem to have been following around. It rained only slightly today, but Friday it is supposed to rain a lot. The big stories of the day, of course, were who [...]')('2006080', "NYC's Historic Districts Council focuses on the city's historic hospitals.")('2006080', 'Gershom Gorenberg poses hard questions that he and other Israelis are being forced to ask.')('2006080', "Crutchfield, a Web site with product reviews, invites people to call them for free technical support. What are they, nuts!? Haven't they learned anything from the computer industry?")('2006080', 'The most interesting thing about winemaking is often the vines.')('2006080', 'A few readers have complained that The Times reacted slowly to the power outage affecting about 100,000 people in Queens last month.')('2006080', 'Auto parts maker Visteon, undergoing a massive restructuring, has hired investment bank J.P. Morgan Chase to explore a possible sale of the company, a source familiar with the matter told Reuters Thursday. Share and bond prices of Visteon jumped on the reports. Visteon, which averted bankruptcy in 2005 with a bailout by former parent Ford [...]')('2006080', 'In an adjective-laden diatribe in the New Statesman - with subtle title "Hedge Funds Will Destroy the World" - writer Janet Bush cited a stark example to illustrate the havoc that hedge funds can wreak. That example was Enron. The common argument is that if the rich want to take the risk of investing [...]')('2006080', 'Labor Union Backs Lamont Over Lieberman')('2006080', "Blog Blast: What we're reading today.")('2006080', 'Deconstructing a leaflet attack linking Lieberman to Bush.')('2006080', 'The increased costs imposed on companies by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act "appear to be driving a growing number of companies to simply withdraw from the major exchanges," concluded Martin C. Daks writing in the New Jersey Law Journal. Some companies are going private, while others are "going dark" by deregistering their stock and listing on the [...]')('2006080', 'Another trip to the land of burgers.')('2006080', 'DCM, a venture firm based in Menlo Park, Calif. and formerly called DCM-Doll Capital Management, has closed its fifth fund at $500 million. DCM specializes in early-stage financing. But the with a "higher bar in the IPO market" and longer waits for exits, the fund bumped up its typical investment from between $10 million and [...]')('2006080', 'Fox transcript of Giuliani interview.')('2006080', "Update: SL Green Realty said on Thursday it will acquire Reckson Associates Realty for $6 billion in cash, stock and the assumption of $2 billion of Reckson's debt. SL Green would pay $43.31 per Reckson share in cash and stock. The transaction is expected to close in January 2007. Go to Article from Reuters » [...]")('2006080', 'Nortel Networks is "much more likely" to divest or find a partner for its high-speed wireless access business than bulk it up with an acquisition, chief executive Mike Zafirovski said on Thursday. Nortel is actively pursuing discussions regarding the future of the high-speed wireless business, known as UMTS access, but Nortel\'s second-generation GSM wireless business, [...]')('2006080', 'MarketWatch media critic Jon Friedman wants to know why Dick Parsons, the chairman and chief executive of Time Warner, keeps trying to reconfigure the AOL rather than unloading it. "Deep down," Mr. Friedman wrote on Wednesday, "he must know, better than anyone, that it\'s hopeless." The company\'s latest move - to stop marketing AOL\'s Internet [...]')('2006080', 'Readers respond to Bob Herbert\'s Aug. 3 column, "Hot Enough Yet?" Susan, Seattle, Wash.: I think that by calling the phenomenon global warming we underestimate the consequences. A more apt moniker is global climate disruption, which more effectively captures the ways that a change in global temperature that is small compared to weather effects has [...]')('2006080', 'Readers respond to David Brooks\'s Aug. 3 column, "Bye-Bye, Bootstraps" R.M.S., Philadelphia: I read the article David Brooks refers to with great interest. And I think he is absolutely wrong about what is happening with these men. Their refusal to take jobs beneath them is not middle-age slacking off or self-aggrandizement. It\'s fear and depression. [...]')('2006080', "Mackenzie Financial, a unit of IGM Financial, said on Thursday it agreed to acquire Vancouver-based Cundill Investment Research and its related businesses for an undisclosed price. Mackenzie said the acquisition is expected to close in the third quarter and Cundill's investment management team will operate as a separate division of Mackenzie. The purchase price is [...]")('2006080', "Con Edison reports that it has three feeder cables down in each of two networks on Manhattan's East Side. It appears to be the first time in this heat wave that any network has had three feeders out at once. Generally, the utility is able to lose one or two feeder cables without problems, but [...]")('2006080', "Ned Lamont's Hamsher dance: Pro-Lamont blogger Jane Hamsher, who writes at Firedoglake and has been traveling with Ned Lamont's campaign, has apologized for posting a digitally altered photo of Joe Lieberman in blackface at The Huffington Post. (The photo has been removed from Hamsher's post but more than one blogger captured a screenshot, and a [...]")('2006080', "I.B.M. said on Thursday it agreed to buy MRO Software for $740 million in cash as it expands its profitable software business. I.B.M. said it would pay $25.80 per share for MRO, a 19 percent premium on MRO's Wednesday closing price on the Nasdaq. MRO's shares rose 18 percent in premarket trade to $25.50. Based [...]")('2006080', 'David Broder\'s Washington Post column tends to codify the existing Washington conventional wisdom, rather than sway it, so I wouldn\'t call his Thursday piece the consensus-changing equivalent of "losing Walter Cronkite" (though Washington Monthly blogger Kevin Drum does). Instead, it\'s an indicator of how bearish the D.C. establishment has already become with regard to Iraq. [...]')('2006080', 'Poll Finds Lamont Ahead of Lieberman 54-41')('2006080', 'Morning Buzz')('2006080', 'Apax Partners Worldwide and Kohlberg Kravis Roberts are considering a possible offer for Signet Group, the world\'s largest specialty jewelry retailer. Shares of Signet gained as much as 19 percent. The private equity companies jointly undertook a "preliminary analysis" of London-based Signet that included "the consideration of a possible offer," Apax said Thursday in a [...]')('2006080', 'Citigroup unveiled a new prime brokerage platform on Wednesday as the banking giant tries to grab a bigger share of the lucrative business of serving hedge funds. The new system, called OpenPrime, supports multi-strategy trading in different asset classes and currencies and allows hedge funds to work with more than one prime broker in a [...]')('2006080', 'Vanguard Car Rental Group, which operates the National Car Rental and Alamo brands, filed documents with U.S. securities regulators to offer as much as $300 million in common stock to the public. The company is backed by hedge fund and buyout firm Cerberus Capital Management. Go to Article from Reuters »')('2006080', 'Credit Suisse often disappoints investors, and yesterday was no exception. The Zurich-based bank reported second-quarter net profit of $1.75 billion, more than double the year-earlier period, but down 17% from the previous quarter But, despite a disappointing quarter, the Credit Suisse has cut costs, sloughed off its insurance arm-and is looking more like streamlined rival [...]')('2006080', "Just as storm clouds were forming above Biovail and its enigmatic chairman, the drug maker was hit with a downpour Wednesday, losing a patent infringement case that opens the door for a cheaper generic copy of its best-selling antidepressant Wellbutrin XL. The unexpected U.S. court ruling wiped out a quarter of the stock's market value [...]")('2006080', 'The judge who presided over the criminal trial of two former Houston energy traders accused of illegally reporting bogus transactions warned attorneys today that several questions jurors asked on its first day of deliberations indicate that the panel may be hung. "They just don\'t understand the theories," U.S. District Judge Nancy Atlas said while discussing [...]')('2006080', "The chief executive of a leading French auto parts supplier stepped down Wednesday amid charges by prosecutors that he was aware of bribes allegedly paid to Germany's top automakers to win their business. Directors at Faurecia, one of the biggest European makers of automotive interiors, met late Wednesday and announced the resignation of Pierre Lévi, [...]")('2006080', "A federal agency ruled yesterday that the computer technology developer Rambus unlawfully monopolized markets for four memory chip technologies. The company's shares declined as much as 30 percent. The ruling from the Federal Trade Commission puts at risk tens of millions of dollars in royalties that Rambus, which has no manufacturing facilities, earns from licensing [...]")('2006080', "Pfizer's basic patent on its top-selling drug Lipitor was upheld in federal court Wednesday, but a second, longer-running patent was ruled invalid, possibly eliminating billions of dollars in potential sales. Pfizer, the world's biggest drugmaker, said the federal Court of Appeals ruled that the basic patent on Lipitor, the world's top-selling drug, is valid. This [...]")('2006080', 'Eight Wall Street stockbrokers have been indicted for allegedly defrauding hundreds of customers of at least $13 million over five years, prosecutors said on Wednesday. The indictment alleges that the defendants fraudulently induced customers to buy shares of Stratus Services Group - described by Manhattan District Attorney, Robert Morgenthau, as "a thinly traded, microcap stock" [...]')('2006080', "A judge on Wednesday ordered $2 million bail for former Brocade Communications Systems Chief Executive Gregory Reyes in the first criminal hearing arising from investigations into alleged stock-option manipulations. Mr. Reyes, 43, and his co-defendant, Brocade's former human resources vice president Stephanie Jensen, 48, remain free pending proceedings on charges they misled investigators and regulators. [...]")('2006080', 'Mercury Interactive, trying to clean up a scandal over stock options, said Tuesday its former chief executive, Amnon Landan, will relinquish his remaining stock options - now worth $8.3 million. The company, one of more than two dozen in Silicon Valley being investigated for undisclosed backdating of stock options, also said in a Securities and [...]')('2006080', "Proxy advisory firm Proxy Governance Incorporated said Wednesday that activist shareholder Nelson Peltz should be elected to the H.J. Heinz board of directors, but did not endorse the other four candidates running with Mr. Peltz. Mr. Peltz and his Trian Fund are seeking five seats on Heinz's 12-person board in a proxy fight at the [...]")('2006080', "Genuity Capital Partners, the private equity arm of Canadian investment bank Genuity Capital Markets, has acquired Front Porch Digital, which archives content for broadcasters, for $38 million. Genuity Capital paid $33 million at closing, and will pay up to $5 million more in royalty payments based on Front Porch's sales through the end of 2008. [...]")('2006080', 'As Kohlberg Kravis Roberts and Silver Lake Partners reportedly close in on a $10.3 billion deal for Philips Semiconductor, BusinessWeek wonders why the private equity firms would pay such a premium to invest in the notoriously cyclical semiconductor industry. While unit has some valuable intellectual property, which include chips that can be programmed to play [...]')('2006080', "Private equity firms Cinven and Warburg Pincus are buying cable operator Essent Kabelcom from Dutch energy utility Essent for 2.6 billion euros ($3.3 billion), the Dutch firm said on Thursday. The private equity companies, which last month agreed to buy the Netherlands' third-largest cable operator Casema for 2.1 billion euros, won the Essent auction after [...]")('2006080', 'U.S.-based venture capital firm Matrix Partners announced on August 1 that it had closed a $150 million dedicated India fund. Matrix Partners, founded by Paul Ferri, currently focuses on technology and early stage investing. Matrix targets companies in software, communications equipment, semiconductors, storage, internet and wireless with offices in Boston and the Silicon Valley. It [...]')('2006080', 'Venture capital firm Canaan Partners said Wednesday its new India office will invest in an online matrimonial service in India. Canaan Partners said the $8.6 million first round financing for the Bharat Matrimony Group is being joined by Yahoo. Bharat Matrimony was founded in 1997 and until now was self-funded. More than 500,000 marriages have [...]')('2006080', 'Acceleron Pharma has nailed down a new, $30 million second round of venture financing to help fuel its drug development pipeline. The Cambridge, Mass., company formally announced the news on Wednesday. OrbiMed Advisors in New York led the round, which included previous investors Advanced Technology Ventures in Palo Alto, Calif. and Waltham, Mass.; Flagship Ventures [...]')('2006080', "Barrx Medical raised $27.8 million in a third venture round led by Montagu Newhall Associates, with participation from existing investors Delphi Ventures, Alloy Ventures, Frazier Healthcare Ventures, Sutter Hill Ventures and others. Barrx develops medical devices for the treatment of Barrett's esophagus, a precancerous condition of the lining of the esophagus caused by gastroesophageal reflux [...]")('2006080', 'Deutsche Borse, who has thus far been left out in the cold in the rapidly consolidating exchange market, reported a 70 percent jump in second-quarter net income on Wednesday as the German exchange operator benefited from surging trading on Eurex, its majority-owned derivatives exchange. Net income was 185.8 million euros, or 1.86 euros a share, [...]')('2006080', 'Automatic Data Processing said Wednesday it intends to spin off to shareholders its brokerage services unit, saying the business lacks the growth potential of its other operations. In announcing its fiscal fourth-quarter earnings, the business services company, based in Roseland, N.J, said it intends to distribute the shares in the new company by the end [...]')('2006080', 'An initial public offering is on the horizon for the Salvatore Ferragamo Group, and the company is going outside the family to help get it done. Ferragamo on Wednesday appointed Michele Norsa as its new chief executive officer and general manager of the group, controlled by Salvatore Ferragamo Italia. He did not reveal a specific [...]')('2006080', 'Taking a step toward extending its influence in the crucial youth market, MTVU, an MTV Networks-owned channel geared toward college students, has purchased Youth Media & Marketing Networks. Y2M owns College Publisher, which publishes 450 online college newspapers. The deal gives a glimpse into the strategy that MTV-parent Viacom plans to deploy to recapture some [...]')('2006080', 'Microsoft plans to focus on rapid acquisitions to quickly build its security capabilities, the company said this week. Recent acquisitions, such as Winternals and virtual private network specialist Whale Communications, will help Microsoft build a comprehensive range of integrated services that cover every aspect of security. Go to Article from CNet News.com »')('2006080', "Arcelor Mittal, the world's biggest steel maker, will announce the lineup of its six-strong management board tomorrow, the company said yesterday. It is unclear whether Guy Dollé, the Arcelor chief executive who fought hard against the Mittal bid, will be included. Mr Dollé was not at the press conference to publicize latest figures from the [...]")('2006080', "Sam Zell is usually a buyer in cooling markets, but his Equity Office Properties Trust, the nation's largest public office building owner and manager, is more intent now on selling inventory where demand has gone soft. The Chicago-based real estate investment trust said in its second-quarter earnings release Tuesday that it could sell up to [...]")('2006080', "As Xstrata began former talks with Falconbridge over integrating the two mining businesses, Alcan's Richard Evans said he would consider buying Falconbridge's $1.3 billion in aluminum assets, should they be put on the block. Wednesday's comments came after The Globe and Mail reported on Monday that Xstrata may sell Falconbridge's aluminum unit, which includes a [...]")('2006080', "Ford's announcement yesterday that it had hired Kenneth H.M. Leet, a former M&A banker at Goldman Sachs and Bank of America, as a strategic adviser to chairman and C.E.O. Bill Ford, set industry tongues wagging about what assets it would put on the block and when. Much of the speculation surrounded its Jaguar luxury division, [...]")('2006080', "Bear Stearns Merchant Banking said Wednesday it has capped its third private equity fund at $2.7 billion amid a fundraising frenzy in which the buyout industry is raising record-breaking sums. Merchant Partners III raised about a billion more than the firm's last investment vehicle, but Bear Stearns' strategy of investing in midmarket companies in North [...]")('2006080', "A French court agreed Wednesday to grant bankruptcy protection to Eurotunnel after creditors failed to reach an 11th-hour agreement on restructuring its nearly $12 billion debt. Eurotunnel's management has been pushing a restructuring plan that would wipe out 54 percent of the company's debts. But a group of subordinated bondholders, owed about 2 billion pounds [...]")('2006080', 'The notion of a merger between XM Satellite Radio and Sirius Satellite Radio – in essence, the Coke and Pepsi of their industry - has been buzzing around Wall Street in the past few months, even though many analysts (not to mention Sirius chief Mel Karmazin) have called the idea absurd. Now, voluble market pundit [...]')('2006080', 'As the craze for renewable energy ramps up in investment circles, banks are showing their green side, too. Wall Street companies lowered their lights, cut back on air-conditioning and shut down their signs and advertising displays to do their part to reduce energy use during a punishing heat wave in New York. Nasdaq, for instance, [...]')('2006080', 'In this lesson, students brainstorm a comprehensive list of electrical devices typically found in their homes. They then create public service announcements advocating energy conservation to present in class and to the school.')('2006080', 'Milli Home textile company has new line of pillows designed by Alpha Workshops, nonprofit group that employs decorative artists with AIDS; photos (Currents column) (S)')('2006080', 'Tony-nominated actress Toni Collette will release her first CD; photo (S)')('2006080', 'Pierre Levi, chief executive of French auto parts supplier Faurecia, resigns amid charges that he was aware of bribes allegedly paid to German automakers to win their business; photo (S)')('2006080', 'Erwan and Ronan Bouroullec design restaurant at Grand Duke Jean Museum of Modern Art in Luxembourg; free-standing wooden structure within monumental wing has fabric roof that shields diners from light pouring in through soaring glass ceiling; photo (Currents column) (S)')('2006080', "Five letters comment on Aug 1 and Aug 2 articles and Aug 1 editorial about strain of heat on New York City's power grid; John Shea says Mayor Bloomberg should take note of how many stores blast air conditioning with doors open; Hannah Borgeson offers suggestion for keeping city more comfortable; Yael Dresdner wonders why energy conservation is something that only happens in emergency; Bob VanWagoner suggests Americans are too sanguine about global warming; S Radovanovich says heat wave is sign of global warming and preview of what summers will be like; drawing")('2006080', 'Jorge Skinner-Klee, Guatemala representative to United Nations, calls Guatemala moderate and responsible country that would would contribute unique views if elected to Security Council (July 29 article)')('2006080', "Comptroller Howard S Weitzman says that Nassau County faces deficit of more than $100 million in 2007 and must make tough budget choices to avoid raising taxes; situation poses problem for County Executive Thomas R Suozzi, who is seeking Democratic nomination for governor on 'no-tax-increase' platform (S)")('2006080', "Two letters comment on Aug 1 and Aug 2 articles about Mel Gibson's apologies for his anti-Jewish outburst; Earl L Dachslager says remarks will be attributed to drunkenness, rather than example of soberly held beliefs; David Toussaint says everyone is insulted by Gison's bigoted remarks")('2006080', 'British authorities reverse ban on repatriation of about 7,000 failed asylum-seekers from Zimbabwe, opening door to their deporation; decisions will be made on case-by-case basis (S)')('2006080', 'Police in South Africa and Lesotho arrest 264 people on smuggling charges in effort to curb transportation of contraband between two nations (S)')('2006080', "Sri Lankan government forces and Tamil Tiger rebels continue battle that began over blockade of farmers' irrigation channel in east eight days earlier; in latest accusations, government says separatists shelled main hospital in town of Muttur; at least 40 rebels, 8 soldiers and 1 civilian die in latest day of fighting (S)")('2006080', 'French court agrees to grant bankruptcy protection to Eurotunnel after creditors fail to reach agreement on restructuring nearly $12 billion in debt (S)')('2006080', "Private hearing is held before Justice John E Stackhouse in State Supreme Court in Manhattan in connection with lawsuit against Anthony D Marshall, son of philanthropist Brooke Astor, that accuses him of neglecting his mother; comments made by Marshall's lawyer Harvey E Corn suggest that Christopher Ely, longtime butler for Astor, made complaint against Marshall to Astor's grandson Philip Marshall, who filed suit to remove his father as her guardian; Justice Stackhouse refuses request by news media to unseal Astor's file; photo (M)")('2006080', 'New York Yankees defeat Toronto Blue Jays, 7-2; photos (M)9')('2006080', 'Wachtel & Masyr law firm withdraws from case in which it was defending Michael Jackson after disputes over payment; Jackson claims that he fired firm weeks ago, while William Wachtel, partner in firms claims Jackson failed to pay for their services; photo (S)')('2006080', 'Chinese writers and intellectuals issue petition protesting closing of Web forum Century China by government censors (S)')('2006080', 'Ned Lamont, Connecticut Democratic candidate for US Senate seat held by Sen Joseph Lieberman, campaigns with Rev Jesse Jackson and Rev Al Sharpton, who endorse him in series of appearances; as primary approaches, both Lamont and Lieberman aggressively court black voters (M)')('2006080', "Five letters comment on Aug 2 article and editorial on illness of Cuban Pres Fidel Castro; Orin Hollander warns that America should resist temptation to interfere with Cuban politics; Michael Impagliazzo says Pres Bush's record in Iraq is proof that he should stay out of Cuba; Alberto F Montero Valdes says Cuban-Americans are more than just refugees, but exiles that pump close to a billion a year into Cuban economy; says exiles yearn for reunification; Stephen Olson wonders whether Cuba will choose populist future or one that welcomes Miami elite and restores them to power; Edouard Coupet says it is presumptuous for Americans to dictate to Cubans how to run their society")('2006080', 'Simple Solution, new product for removing red-wine stains, noted (Currents column) (S)')('2006080', "IMG Artists' effort to buy classical music division of International Creative Management, Los Angeles-based talent agency, falls through; photo (S)")('2006080', "Murray Chass On Baseball column discusses New York Yankees' acquisition of outfielder Bobby Abreu; photos (M)0")('2006080', 'Photo of Tiger Woods and former football player Jerome Bettis at Buick Open pro-am')('2006080', 'Pakistani government will introduce legislation to amend rape laws, which currently require woman to produce four witnesses or face charges of adultery (S)')('2006080', 'New album by LeToya Luckett is No 1 on Billboard chart with 165,000 copies sold; photo (S)')('2006080', 'Consolidated Edison releases preliminary report on July blackout in western Queens that affected 100,000 people; report provides chronology of multiple failures contributing to severity and duration of blackout, focusing on Long Island City network, but does not examine root causes; Mayor Michael R Bloomberg says city has hired law firm and assembled team of outside experts to assist city in further investigation; photo; graph shows chronology of restoration of electricity to customers (M)')('2006080', 'Two letters respond to Aug 1 Akbar Ganji Op-Ed article calling for US to allow Iranians to gain freedom themselves and suggesting ways foreign aid money could be useful; F K Nakhjavan agrees that democracy is not commercial product to be imported; Salomeh Keyhani says Bush administration policies do not make sense')('2006080', 'LA Design Concepts arranges for amateur designers to purchase to-the-trade products from most manufacturers, at twenty percent over cost; photo (Currents column) (S)')('2006080', 'Personal Shopper column on new carpet and rug designs reminiscent of Victorian England; photos (S)')('2006080', 'Daniel Friedlander, owner of Limn design company in California, imports made-to-order Finnish-style log cabins, which come in various sizes and are assembled by two Finnish craftsmen sent over by manufacturer; photos of prototype installed on roof of Limn showroom in San Francisco (Currents column) (S)')('2006080', 'The heat drives Patricia Marx back to Tasti D-Lite.')('2006080', 'Lowell Weicker campaigns for Ned Lamont.')('2006080', 'Fernando Alonso has been penalized for an incident with Robert Doornbos during qualifying. He will have two seconds added to each of his lap-times in qualifying tomorrow – Q1, Q2, Q3. The stewards said: 1. During the 2nd Formula 1 practice Alonso having followed Doornbos onto the pit-straight overtook him and whilst so doing made [...]')('2006080', "Chibli Mallat explains that Lebanon's Shiites are so far getting the brunt of Israel's attacks.")('2006080', "BusinessWeek's earnest cover story on Digg.com and its fresh-faced founder, Kevin Rose, has unleashed a wave of eye-rolling on the Internet, which ValleyWag (one of Silicon Valley's best eye-rollers) summarized in a post Friday afternoon. The BusinessWeek article describes how Digg, which allows a community of registered users to rate online news and blog posts, [...]")('2006080', 'Footnoted.org, which burrows into corporate filings, usually looking for reasons to lambaste companies for various misdeeds and obfuscations, handed out a rare "gold star" on Friday. The recipient was Raytheon, which in an 8-K it filed this week revealed the details of a retention agreement it made with Jim Schuster, the chief executive of Raytheon [...]')('2006080', 'New York Candidates Release Financial Information')('2006080', 'For frequent travelers, every inch counts when choosing your seat. But packed planes mean tough competition. What are your strategies for getting a good seat? Back to Article')('2006080', 'Do you have any information about long-haul, low-cost airlines? Back to Article')('2006080', "Mergers and acquisitions are booming in China, with $62 billion worth of deals so far this year - nearly twice last year's rate. The new trend, after years of cross-border deals, is domestic mergers. Thanks to financial reforms, companies have new incentives to consolidate, The Economist reports in its latest issue. Two-thirds of the shares [...]")('2006080', 'An inconveniently timed Atlantic Yards hearing?')('2006080', "Checking in on Bill Maher's Fishbowl.")('2006080', 'Pataki Visits South Carolina')('2006080', 'Child custody disputes, Mark Klein and your comments.')('2006080', 'I was taken in – twice. Peter Windsor of Speed Channel has been snagging people in the paddock in Budapest to ask them who they think will be world champion, Fernando Alonso or Michael Schumacher. He stopped me and I had a little think about it and said, "Fernando." When I say that I had [...]')('2006080', "Atticus Capital, the $12 billion hedge fund that has been a bete noire for Phelps Dodge, has increased its holdings in the Arizona copper miner yet again, TheStreet.com's Lauren Rae Silva reported Friday. In a statement filed with regulators, Atticus Capital said that it bumped up its stake to 8 percent, or 16.3 million shares, [...]")('2006080', 'Paul Krugman responds to readers\' comments on his Aug. 4 column, "Centrism Is for Suckers" Rebekah Jensen, Bel Air, Calif.: You know what concerns me? Watching the run up to the Connecticut primary, I\'ve been struck by the vicious way the progressives have gone after one of their own. It reminds me of the way [...]')('2006080', "A little more than a month ago, they had only bitter words for each other. Now, Tribune and its largest shareholders, the Chandler family, are trying to patch things up and move on, several reports said Friday. Keying off a Wall Street Journal article, the Chicago Tribune's Phil Rosenthal said that after the kerfuffle over [...]")('2006080', 'Readers respond to Thomas L. Friedman\'s Aug. 4 column, "Time for Plan B." Alan Smith, Sydney, Australia: I read every column you write and respect your judgment. You tackled the reality of Iraq in your latest column. The sectarian violence is as bad as it has ever been. Do you suspect that this has all [...]')('2006080', 'When Hank Paulson got nominated to be the next Treasury Secretary, there was speculation that his firm, Goldman Sachs, might split the roles of chairman and chief executive when it named his successor. Decoupling those two roles generally gets gold stars from corporate governance groups, and other large companies such as Disney, Fannie Mae and [...]')('2006080', "On Monday, Apple's Steve Jobs will take the stage at the company's Worldwide Developer Conference. And he'll have a lot to show and tell about.")('2006080', 'In another sign that tight money is making leveraged buyouts a little harder to carry out, the bond-financed $9.85 billion takeover of VNU, the Dutch media company, will be more expensive than previously thought thanks to a 1.5 percent bump in the interest rate, The Wall Street Journal reported Friday. Earlier this week, Bloomberg News [...]')('2006080', 'Lieberman and Lamon supporters scuffle.')('2006080', "Deutsche Bank said on Friday that it was paying about 420 million euro ($537.2 million) to buy almost 100 branches from Norisbank, the German retail bank, in the latest move to expand its retail business in its home market. Germany's biggest bank is buying the branches from DZ Bank, the German co-operative bank, which owns [...]")('2006080', 'A dialog on the nature of incompetence in the Iraq war.')('2006080', 'Comerica, a large Detroit-based bank, on Friday said it agreed to sell its 90 percent stake in asset manager Munder Capital Management to private equity firm Crestview Partners and Munder management for $302 million. Comerica will receive $232 million in cash and a $70 million interest-bearing note. It will realize the principal depending on how [...]')('2006080', "OneBeacon Insurance Group, a property and casualty insurance writer, hopes to sell as much as $500 million of stock in an initial public offering. The shares would be sold by OneBeacon's parent company, Bermuda-based reinsurer White Mountains Insurance Group, which will keep control of OneBeacon after the I.P.O. through a special class of stock, according [...]")('2006080', 'Morning Buzz')('2006080', "Or do liberal parents make more daughters? Harvard economist Greg Mankiw ponders the data at his personal blog. Daniel W. Drezner, a professor of international politics at Tufts, considers whether the conflict between Israel and Lebanon violates the truism that democracies don't go to war with each other. He writes at his personal blog: Lebanon [...]")('2006080', 'Motorola said on Thursday it is involved in an investigation by U.S. financial regulators regarding bankrupt cable operator Adelphia Communications. Motorola was a supplier of television set-top boxes to Adelphia, which was bought on Monday by Time Warner and Comcast. In its quarterly filing at the Securities and Exchange Commission, Motorola said that as part [...]')('2006080', 'A group of hedge fund activists led by Barington Capital Group won a proxy battle against The Pep Boys on Thursday, gaining four director seats on the board of the auto-service chain. Pep Boys announced the date of its annual meeting and said it agreed to appoint four new directors proposed by the Barington group, [...]')('2006080', "Nelson Peltz, the activist investor battling management at H.J. Heinz, on Thursday won a partial, but crucial, victory when an influential shareholder advisory firm urged Heinz shareholders to vote for three of Trian Group's five dissident nominees. The recommendation by Institutional Shareholder Services, which can at times sway takeover battles with its proposals, comes less [...]")('2006080', 'Executives at electric components maker Molex will repay the company $685,000 to compensate for "misdated" stock options, according to The Wall Street Journal. It\'s an unusual move for the company, which became ensnared in the steadily growing options scandal that has already resulted in charges against the former C.E.O. of Brocade Communications Systems. Most companies [...]')('2006080', "Shares of Apple Computer, maker of Macintosh computers and iPod music players, may fall as the company said it will probably restate earnings after an internal investigation into options backdating found more suspicious grants. The stock fell $4.59, or 6.6 percent, to $65 in after-hours trading yesterday, according to the Web site for Nasdaq's Inet [...]")('2006080', "Court filings made this week by experts on both sides of Eliot Spitzer's lawsuit against former New York Stock Exchange head Richard Grasso over his compensation provide a glimpse of what the jury will hear in the case. The filings also indicate that information about the exchange's financial results, upon which the Big Board's directors [...]")('2006080', 'A hedge fund run by the former president of the New York Mercantile Exchange made a gas-propelled exit from existence when a massive bet on a drop in natural gas prices ran into sweltering summer heat and sky-high energy demand. MotherRock, a two-year-old hedge fund founded by the former Nymex bigwig, Robert "Bo" Collins, collapsed [...]')('2006080', 'Federal prosecutors in Brooklyn are preparing to bring charges against former Comverse Technology executives, including possibly its chief Jacob Alexander, in the next two weeks or so, The New York Times reported. Prosecutors are likely to build a case on whether the executives made misleading statements to the board and to its auditors, The Times [...]')('2006080', 'Christopher Flowers, the U.S. investor, is putting together a network of European stakes in financial service providers. Mr. Flowers is negotiating with ING over its 84 percent stake in Deutsche Hypothekenbank, the German property financing group, according to The Financial Times. The Hanover-based group is exchange-listed and worth about 407 million euro ($521 million). Should [...]')('2006080', 'Dutch electronics giant Philips Electronics said on Thursday it is selling an 80.1 percent stake in its microchip unit to several private equity firms for $4.35 billion. Kohlberg Kravis Roberts, Silver Lake Partners and AlpInvest will buy the stake in the unit, which Philips has been trying to unload as it shifts its focus from [...]')('2006080', 'The same week that Onyx Software disappeared from the public markets, the founder of the Bellevue, Wash. company is taking the wraps off another start-up that he hopes will transform the way business people organize their work. Brent Frei, who founded Onyx in 1994, is just starting to talk about Smartsheet.com - a year-old company [...]')('2006080', 'U.S. venture capital firms raised $8.23 billion in the second quarter of 2006, relatively steady with the $8.27 billion in the same period last year, according to a report released late Wednesday. Dow Jones VentureOne said markedly fewer total funds closed in the second quarter compared to a year ago - 23 compared to 37 [...]')('2006080', 'Air China set the price range for its domestic initial public offering, with the national flag carrier aiming to raise up to 8 billion yuan ($1 billion) from the share issue. The company will issue 2.7 billion A-shares, which comprise 22.25 percent of its total equity, at between 2.75 yuan and 2.95 yuan per share, [...]')('2006080', 'The New York Mercantile Exchange has cleared a big hurdle for its initial public offering this year by reaching an agreement with the management of its metals division, Comex, about its exclusive electronic trading rights for gold, silver and copper futures contracts. Nymex gave few details of the agreement, but it will issue shares to [...]')('2006080', 'A group of investors in South Korean online gaming company Gravity has filed a lawsuit against Gravity and underwriters for its Nasdaq I.P.O., one of the underwriters said on Friday. Investors, including Pipefitters Pension Trust Fund, have filed the suit with Southern District Court of New York, saying they incurred losses from investment in Gravity [...]')('2006080', 'Four of the biggest U.S. financial institutions want big changes to proposed new rules on how much capital U.S. banks must hold. Representatives from Citigroup, J.P. Morgan Chase, Wachovia and Washington Mutual met representatives from the Federal Reserve on Wednesday to ask that they be allowed to adopt a simplified version of the new regulations, [...]')('2006080', "J.P. Morgan Chase said Thursday it restated its 2005 year-end financial statement at the request of securities regulators over the way it had classified three years' worth of mortgage investments. The change, which includes results from 2003 through this year's first quarter, won't affect the bank's net income, balance sheet or shareholder equity for any [...]")('2006080', 'The hedge fund party seemed to be quieting down not so long ago. Returns were flagging. Blowout start-ups were fading from memory. The hype and hyperbole are now back, Jenny Anderson writes in The New York Times, as another star of finance is doing what all good stars do these days: start a really, really [...]')('2006080', 'Avion Group, an Iceland-based investment group, is bidding $574 million for Atlas Cold Storage Income Trust of Toronto. Avion, which specializes in air, land and sea transportation businesses, plans to offer $7 a unit for Atlas, the company said Thursday. Go to Article from The Globe and Mail »')('2006080', 'Although online gambling remains in a legal limbo in many countries, Gibraltar Web-based casino games specialist PartyGaming and spread-betting group City Index on Thursday agreed to snap up smaller rivals to benefit from growing consumer interest in Internet-based gambling. PartyGaming said it would pay as much as 102 million euros ($130.1 million) to buy online [...]')('2006080', 'Tyco International, the manufacturing and services conglomerate, said yesterday that its plans to break into three companies by the end of March 2007 remained on track, and that the company was selling one of its electronics businesses, the Tyco Printed Circuit Group, for $226 million to TTM Technologies. The announcement came as Tyco reported a [...]')('2006080', "Total, Europe's third-biggest oil producer, may buy a stake in Inpex Holdings's $6 billion liquefied natural gas project in Australia as prices of the cleaner-burning fuel soar, officials at both companies said. Total is in talks with Tokyo-based Inpex and may sign an agreement this month to buy 25 percent of the so-called Ichthys project, [...]")('2006080', 'The Securities and Exchange Commission plans to hold its first high-level meeting with Euronext officials next month as the U.S. financial regulator seeks to better understand the regulatory implications of its planned merger with the New York Stock Exchange. Christopher Cox, S.E.C. chairman, said he was also set to meet European regulators to hammer out [...]')('2006080', 'Despite the certainty of another high-profile battle with opponents of media consolidation, Clear Channel Communications has quietly floated a plan that would allow the radio giant and other station owners to boost their holdings in the largest U.S. markets. Clear Channel is considering filing a formal petition to the Federal Communications Commission seeking to raise [...]')('2006080', "If Phelps Dodge tables a richer takeover bid for Inco as expected in the next few days, Don Lindsay will finally have to show all his cards in the bidding for one of Canada's mining titans. Ever since the veteran Toronto investment banker was parachuted in as head of Vancouver-based Teck Cominco last year, Mr. [...]")('2006080', "European Union antitrust regulators Thursday asked Spain to explain why it attached conditions to the 26.9 billion euro bid by the German energy company E.ON for the Spanish utility Endesa. Spain's National Energy Commission said last week that it would permit the deal, worth $34 billion, only if E.ON sold about a third of Endesa's [...]")('2006080', "Some option players piled into the calls of ImClone Systems, hoping to profit from a share rally triggered by talk the biotechnology company is about to go on sale, option traders said on Thursday. One analyst told Reuters that the rumors about an imminent sale have heated up after the company's board met earlier in [...]")('2006080', "Bertelsmann is getting closer to sealing a deal to sell its music publishing business, saying Thursday it expects to have a short list of potential suitors by month's end. Last month, the German media giant narrowed the bidders for its BMG Music Publishing division to 15. By month's end, the company said it plans to [...]")('2006080', "Privately held theater operators Cinemark and Century Theatres may be looking to join forces, creating one of the largest players in the movie-exhibition industry, according to The Wall Street Journal. It's not the first time Cinemark has sought to acquire Century Theatres, having been rebuffed in the past after Cinemark offered a bid that fell [...]")('2006080', 'Is Hellman & Friedman betting on a bull market for corporate bankruptcies? The private equity firm, which is the largest single shareholder of the Nasdaq Stock Market, has made a major investment in AlixPartners, a Southfield, Mich.-based turnaround adviser founded in 1981 by Jay Alix. Financial terms were not disclosed, but AlixPartners said in a [...]')('2006080', 'Facing a sagging stock price and a dip in its subscriber base, online music service Napster may listen if the right buyer comes along. The company has recently acknowledged that it has drawn interest from potential acquirers and would seriously entertain the right offer. That is not so surprising, considering that Napster is losing money [...]')('2006080', "Thousands of young financial workers stream into Manhattan's Grand Central Terminal every weekday morning. But many are not on their way to offices on Wall Street or in Midtown. Instead, they are crowded into trains for Greenwich, Conn., which has emerged as the home of the ballooning hedge fund industry. The center of power in [...]")('2006080', 'In this lesson, students will reflect on their favorite books and share them with classmates through presentations and posters. After hearing peer presentations, students then consider which books they might like to read in the future.')('2006080', 'W H Smith, English-language bookstore in Paris, is filled with chick lit books about women who come to Paris to be liberated and find happiness; while literary merit of these books is debatable, they peddle fantasy of Paris, which will sell books on its own; list of notable books; photos (M)')('2006080', "Paul Sailer letter says now that Las Vegas has made it illegal to give food to indigent in parks, it can truly claim name 'Sin City' (July 28 article)")('2006080', 'FAMILIAR FACE GIVES NEW NAME')('2006080', 'Roberta Smith reviews exhibition of drawings by Jules Feiffer at Adam Baumgold Gallery; photo (M)')('2006080', 'Rail traffic in on important stretch of track in south of France is interrupted after donkeys on track cause derailment (S)')('2006080', "Nigerian government minister Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala resigns after cabinet shuffle reassigns her to position of foreign minister, stripping her of authority she had as finance minister; Okonjo-Iweala was instrumental in negotiating deal to use Nigeria's windfall oil profits to build national reserve account and pay off billions of dollars in foreign debt; photo (M)")('2006080', 'Letter from William Lacy Swing, United Nations Mission in Congo representative, says Aidan Hartley (July 28 Op-Ed) gives false impression that Kazana was peaceful Congolese village attacked without warning by Congolese troops supported by UN Mission in Congo; says warnings were given and no civilians were killed by UN forces')('2006080', "Britain's High Court awards largest known settlement in divorce case, roughly $90 million, to Beverly Charman, former wife of millionaire John Charman; photo (S)")('2006080', "Ross Harris letter says Elizabeth A Harris City Life editorial on spending night in Central Park reminded him of his parents' Central Park sleep-out in 1938")('2006080', "Daryn Kagan, sportscaster and news anchor for CNN, announces that she will leave channel in September to start Web site 'dedicated to the radical idea that the world is a good place'; photo (S)")('2006080', 'Holland Cotter reviews group exhibition A Gentil Carioca at Daniel Reich gallery (M)')('2006080', "Juli Inkster takes first-round lead at Women's British Open (S)")('2006080', 'Photo of NFL officials, who will wear new uniforms this season')('2006080', "SL Green Realty Corp, owner of prominent Manhattan office towers, says it will buy rival Reckson Associates Realty corp for $4 billion in cash and stock and assumption of $2 billion in debt; deal adds five Midtown office buildings to Green's portfolio and gives it first toehold in Stamford, Conn, and White Plains, NY; photo (M)")('2006080', 'Holland Cotter reviews group show American Concentration Camp at The Proposition gallery (M)')('2006080', 'Grace Glueck reviews exhibition The Print, the Pear and the Prostitute: Art, Politics and Society in 19th-Century France at Mead Art Museum at Amherst College (M)')('2006080', "Seven letters comment on Aug 3 article, July 31 Paul Krugman Op-Ed and Aug 3 Robert Paper Op-Ed article about Israel and Lebanon; letter signed by Daniel Barenboim, Peter Brook, Costa-Gavras, Nadine Gordimer and 28 others says that only solution is for people across world to stand up to 'reaffirm our common humanity by refusing all military solutions'; Dr Eric Chivian says Israel has right to defend itself but reducing Lebanon to rubble is no answer; Nachama Kanner says not allowing Israel to dismantle Hezbollah forces in Lebanon could have dire consequences for entire world; Susan H Sachs disputes Robert Pape's assertion that only way to end suicide attacks is withdrawal by occupying force; Adam Gregerman criticizes Robert Pape's description of Hezbollah; Michael A Salberg, Anti-Defamation League executive, disagrees with Paul Krugman's suggestion that Israel was hasty in military response to Hezbollah; Jalal Syed says as Muslim, he appreciates Paul Krugman's 'realistic column'; drawing")('2006080', 'Letter from Stuart Beck, Palau representative to United Nations, disagrees with July 30 editorial calling for replacement of John R Bolton as US ambassador to UN')('2006080', 'Back of the Envelope column lists fees paid to top private equity firms connected with buyouts (S)')('2006080', 'Grace Glueck reviews exhibitions Currier & Ives: An American Panorama and A Nation Divided: The American Civil War Depicted by Currier & Ives at Museum of Fine Arts in Springfield, Mass (M)')('2006080', 'Official inquiry clears British police officers in connection with June shooting of Muhammed Abdul Kahar in counterterrorism raid on East London row house; Kahar was released without charge and Islamist groups accused police of singling out Muslims; Kahar has been rearrested in connection with child pornography images found on computer during raid (S)')('2006080', 'New York Yankees pitcher Cory Lidle makes debut after trade from Philadelphia Phillies and earns win against Toronto Blue Jays; photo (M)')('2006080', 'Photos of New York Yankees pitcher Cory Lidle in first game since trade from Philadelphia Phillies')('2006080', 'Excerpts from Frank Bruni reviews of restaurants Blue Hill in Greenwich Village, The Little Owl in West Village, Le Cirque on 58th Street and Craftsteak in Chelsea (M)')('2006080', 'As I write these words, the qualifying session has just begun. More than two hours ago, Michael Schumacher passed two cars during the morning practice session under the red flag – an offense that is much worse than passing one car under a yellow flag during a practice session. As I write these words and [...]')('2006080', 'Blog Blast: The specials.')('2006080', 'Residents of three-block area in Bronx experience three and a half long days without power during heat wave and, they say, without free bottles of water or temporary generators Con Edison provided to other blacked-out customers; Con Edison says it gave same attention to blacked-out section as it did to other affected areas; also says cable failure appears to be cause of blackout; photo (M)')('2006080', 'Photo of dogs and Slovenian soldiers during military ceremony before they leave for Afghanistan, where they will be part of NATO contingent')('2006080', "New York City medical examiner's office determines that at least 10 people who died on Aug 3 suffered heatstroke or hyperthermia; three other deaths are suspected of being from heat but are not yet confirmed; most victims are elderly, who sometimes do not feel thirsty, forget to drink water and often keep windows closed instead of creating cross ventilation; photo (M)")('2006080', 'Correction on Aug 4 theater entry in Listings pages; Indian Blood will open on Aug 2 at Primary Stages')('2006080', "Joe Nocera article on recent run of successes by Advanced Micro Devices, semiconductor company that competes head to head with Intel; compares company's founder W J Sanders 3d with his quieter successor Hector de J Ruiz; Ruiz, in interview, comments on his life and career; photo (M)")('2006080', "Aug 4 picture with obituary of soprano Elisabeth Schwarzkopf showed Anneliese Rothenberger, not Schwarzkopf; obituary also misspelled surname of music critic for New York Times who reviewed Schwarzkopf's debut at Metropolitan Opera; he was Raymond Ericson")('2006080', "Toyota of Japan, long known for producing quality cars and poised to pass General Motors to become world's largest automaker, has growing problem with recalls that is sullying its image; number of vehicles recalled reportedly soared in US to 2.2 million last year, double number in 2004, and more than 10 times that of 2003; number in Japan jumped 41-fold since 2001, to 1.9 million in 2005; Toyota, ordered by Japanese government to explain itself, offers latest in series of apologies and promises to create new computer database to obtain information more quickly from dealers on repairs and complaints; photos (M)")('2006080', 'Dennis Harvey, freelance theater critic, is corrected by fans of musical A Chorus Line after he mistakenly says that ending of revival production in San Francisco differs from that of original; photo (S)')('2006080', 'Canadian police arrest Ibrahim Alkhalel Aboud, 18th man in suspected terrorist cell that was believed to be plotting to use truck bombs, take hostages and assassinate Prime Min Stephen Harper (S)')('2006080', 'Simple unsigned e-mail message warning against riding subways because blackout is imminent finds its way into inboxes and blogs on final day of heat-wave in New York City; prompts dozens of calls to Consolidated Edison and Metropolitan Transportation Authority; sociologist says it is viral e-mail that taps into anxieties and fears and has enough ring of truth to be plausible; spokesman for Con Edison says there was no risk of blackout; transit spokesman says no shutdown of service was considered at any point during heat wave (M)')('2006080', 'David Vanderpool letter holds that there is very simple test to know whether given action should be considered war crime: if you have to ask, it is (Aug 3 article)')('2006080', "Shinzo Abe, front-runner in race to become Japan's next prime minister, reportedly visited controversial Yasukuni Shrine war memorial in April (S)")('2006080', 'Brett Quigley takes second-round lead at Buick Open; photo (M)0')('2006080', 'Staten Island man tests positive for West Nile virus, becoming first identified case in New York City this year; 76 New York mosquito pools have tested positive for virus; health officials in Connecticut also confirm their first case of West Nile Virus this year (S)')('2006080', 'Photo of resident walking down hallway in East New York building where elderly woman died in her apartment from intense heat')('2006080', "First fox hunter prosecuted under Britain's 2004 ban on hunting with dogs is found guilty and fined equivalent of $900 (S)")('2006080', 'Julio Simon, federal police official who was in charge of clandestine detention center during military dictatorship that ruled Argentina from 1976 to 1983, is sentenced to 25 years in prison; he was accused of kidnapping, torture and forced disappearance of Buenos Aires couple in 1978 (S)')('2006080', "Four letters comment on Democratic primary race in Connecticut between Sen Joseph I Lieberman and Ned Lamont; Ralph Averill, responding to Aug 3 article about Lamont's wealth, disputes Lieberman campaign's assertion that Lamont is out of touch with working Democrats; William J Schneider holds that Lieberman should be reminded that people of wealth have held high office since birth of our nation; Stephen R Thomas contends that July 30 editorial endorsing Lamont was distressing; Nathan Hershkowitz holds that Lieberman should have support of every thinking Democrat")('2006080', 'Correction of photo with August 4 obituary of renowned soprano Elisabeth Schwarzkopf (S)')('2006080', "Philadelphia's art commission objects to plan to move bronze statue of actor Sylvester Stallone as movie character Rocky Balboa from top to base of steps at Philadelphia Museum of Art; whether statue has artistic value to remain at museum has been under question (S)")('2006080', 'Michael Tolliver Lives, latest book by Armistead Maupin, will revisit character who appeared in his book Tales of the City 30 years ago; photo (S)')('2006080', 'Teodoro Petkoff Malec, newspaper editor and former Marxist guerrilla who has been seeking to oust Hugo Chavez in presidential election, withdraws his candidacy (S)')('2006080', "Two of 221 items missing from State Hermitage Museum in St Petersburg are recovered; Russian prosecutor general's office says that it has formed special team to investigate theft, believed to be inside job, and has recovered objects from dealer who bought them in 2004; photo (S)")('2006080', "Six letters comment on Thomas L Friedman Aug 4 Op-Ed column on growing threat of civil war in Iraq; Cy Shain holds that dire picture of Iraq's endless struggles and tragic loss of lives is cruel indictment of Bush administration's missteps and lack of adequate postwar planning; Marguerite Crowley Weibel says US soldiers should not be fighting and dying in Iraq; Bruce Neuman contends that it is time to leave Iraq; Harvey Wasserman maintains that Friedman's recognition of unwinnability of war is reminiscent of realization by CBS anchor Walter Cronkite that war in Vietnam could not be won; Richard J Weisberg suggests withdrawing bulk of US forces, while deploying significant number to northern Iraq, Kuwait and Afghanistan; Philip Walker supports Friedman's contention that solution in Iraq will have to be some form of federalism; drawing")('2006080', "Aug 1 article about Senate investigation into offshore tax shelters referred incorrectly to legal background of Lewis R Steinberg, former partner at Cravath Swaine & Moore; it also referred imprecisely to Cravath Swaine's involvement with Quellos Group")('2006080', "Alex Forbes letter supports Rev Gregory A Boyd's stand for separation of church and politics (July 30 article)")('2006080', 'Aug 4 article about equipment orders for new nuclear power plants misidentified location of factory owned by BWX Technologies that will build some reactor components; it is in Mount Vernon, Ind')('2006080', 'Russian Ecological Monitoring agency Deputy Director Oleg Mitvol says he plans to sue Royal Dutch Shell to halt construction of offshore oil and gas pipeline on Sakhalin Island because of threat of mudslides; analysts in Moscow say suit may be form of pressure to let Gazprom into consortium on favorable terms (S)')('2006080', 'Wayne L Kaplan letter holds that New York City tow pound should have ATM and should accept credit cards')('2006080', "Bush administration, despite suspicions that Iran is involved in conflict between Israel and Hezbollah, has stopped short of accusing Iran of inciting crisis; US is bogged down in Iraq, and it lacks means and political support to engage in another conflict in region; administration finds itself relying on Israel to cripple Hezbollah and on UN and ad hoc alliance of European nations, China and Russia to try to rein in Tehran's nuclear program (M)")('2006080', 'The author battles flies on a Shakespearean stage.')('2006080', 'Five or six years ago, in the middle of an August heat wave, my wife finally prevailed on me to get an air conditioner. I like the heat, and for years I was able to get through New York summers without even the help of a fan. But on this particular summer, the humidity was [...]')('2006080', 'Lieberman makes a last-ditch pitch to Democratic voters upset about his record on Iraq.')('2006080', 'From the Sunday political shows...')('2006080', 'Comment Zone: Lieberman and Lamont')('2006080', "...which way this race will go. That line from Bob Dylan kept going through my mind this morning at the track, as did another of his weather-related lines: A change in the weather is known to be extreme, but what's the sense of changing horses in midstream? Yes, if the excitement of the race, which [...]")('2006080', "Library trustees in Greenburgh, NY, have denied request by Elmsford to extend old, less expensive, contract under which Elmsford residents use Greenburgh's public library; Greenburgh, which is planning $20 million renovation, wants to raise fiscal fee about 30 percent, to about $334,000; Elmsford has filed suit questioning legality of 1967 process that annexed land under library to Greenburgh; photo (M)")('2006080', 'Article assesses sharp downturn in housing market in New York metropolitan area; interviews with brokers throughout region indicate that booming housing market of last five years, when houses sold within days and bidding wars were routine, is over and market is settling down to a new normal; buyers are slower to make up their minds, houses are staying on market longer and median sales prices continue to rise in most places, but no longer at double-digit rates; photos; graph (L)')('2006080', 'Gretchen Morgenson column contends Hank McKinnell, former leader of Pfizer, fumbled his last chance to be leader in April when he did not return to shareholders some of millions in compensation he took over years he ran company ineffectively (M)')('2006080', "Article on ambiguity that remains over US District Judge Dennis Cavanaugh's decision that East Brunswick, NJ, High School football coach Marcus Borden can participate in student-led prayers; school board had ordered Borden to stop leading students in prayers before games or even bending his head and bending down on one knee; Borden quit, but rescinded resignation after deciding to file suit; photos (M)")('2006080', "President of Bug Doctor Termite and Pest Control president Stuart Aust offers free spraying with methyl anthranilate, compound found in grapes, to repel birds that have, for years, been leaving droppings on volunteer firefighters' cars parked beneath pear trees next to firehouse in Hillsdale, NJ; method seems to have worked and birds are gone; photos (M)")('2006080', "Robert Byrne Chess column on 16-year-old Sergey Karjakin's win over Alexander Morozevich at Petr Izmailov Memorial rapid tournament in Tomsk, Russia; diagram (M)")('2006080', "Hells Angels motorcycle club member Richard Tramontano Jr is sentenced to 12 years, to be suspended after 5 1/2 years served, and three years probation for helping illegal immigrants obtain fake driver's licenses at Motor Vehicles office in Bridgeport, Conn (S)")('2006080', 'Scene on beach at Plum Island Animal Disease Center, federal research complex containing biohazard lab on Plum Island, NY, described as employees and their relatives participate in annual Family Day; photo (M)')('2006080', 'Photos of New Yorkers dressed for heat wave')('2006080', "Complete Retreats, privately held operator of deluxe members-only destination clubs and self-described inventor of 'luxpitality' business, files for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection (S)")('2006080', 'Joanne Starkey reviews Novita Wine Bar and Trattoria in Garden City, NY; photos (M)')('2006080', 'Gay Neale letter praises Henry Alford July 23 essay on books that are read in bathroom')('2006080', 'Correction of July 30 article about pop star Christina Aguilera')('2006080', 'Emma Schwartzman, great-great-granddaughter of Safeco Corp founder, sues former chief executive Michael McGavick, Republican candidate for US Senate from Washington state, over his $28 million severance package; McGavick says allegations are without merit and politically inspired; photo (S)')('2006080', 'Travis Pastrana wins freestyle motocross best trick event and rally car race at X Games (S)0')('2006080', 'Mayor Dan Malloy letter thanks Times for its editorial endorsement in Stamford, Conn, primary')('2006080', 'Tom Wolfe letter comments on Stanley Fish July 16 review of Geoffrey Nunberg book Talking Right')('2006080', 'Officials in Norwalk, Conn, are discussing allowing placement of ads on new trash bins that would be placed around city by Creative Outdoor Advertising; company would provide bins, find advertisers, empty trash and pay city $5 to $10 a month for each bin; photo (M)')('2006080', "Article on ambiguity that remains over US District Judge Dennis Cavanaugh's decision that East Brunswick, NJ, High School football coach Marcus Borden can participate in student-led prayers; school board had ordered Borden to stop leading students in prayers before games or even bending his head and bending down on one knee; Borden quit, but rescinded resignation after deciding to file suit; photos (M)")('2006080', 'Some linguists say spread of English language, particularly simpler form used by many nonnative speakers, should be embraced; Jean-Paul Nerriere has proposed simpler English that he calls Globish; it uses limited vocabulary of 1,500 words which can be put together to express more complicated thoughts; he says it is practical, efficient tool that speakers around world could use to communicate or navigate business deal; drawing (M)')('2006080', 'THAT DIMAGGIO:')('2006080', "Library trustees in Greenburgh, NY, have denied request by Elmsford to extend old, less expensive, contract under which Elmsford residents use Greenburgh's public library; Greenburgh, which is planning $20 million renovation, wants to raise fiscal fee about 30 percent, to about $334,000; Elmsford has filed suit questioning legality of 1967 process that annexed land under library to Greenburgh; photo (M)")('2006080', "Three letters comment on David Brooks Aug 3 Op-Ed column that says middle-class men who have dropped out of work force have adopted values of 'leisure class'; Hara Estroff Marano says as economic divide between rich and not rich grows, more middle-class people are questioning why they are working so hard for scraps; Robert Weissman says Brooks ignores explanation that men are laid off from jobs and cannot find work that is as rewarding; Betsy Feist disputes example of activities of super-wealthy")('2006080', "Kate Stone Lombardi Generations essay describes her mixed emotions and expectations as her daughter's new boyfriend comes for Sunday dinner; drawing (M)")('2006080', 'Samuel Jacobs, 66, and wife, Bettye, 65, are found dead in apartment in Newark as New Jersey endures second heat wave of summer; scattered power outages are reported, but most are fixed within hours; photo (S)')('2006080', 'Thomas J Herling letter says inheritance is gift that children should appreciate, not expect (July 30 article)')('2006080', 'Correction of July 30 stand-alone picture caption of David Hockney exhibit in Los Angeles')('2006080', "Fidel Castro's mysterious medical crisis has prompted speculation about his true condition; historical examples of US presidential secrecy about health cited; photos (M)")('2006080', 'Land surveyor and floodplain manager Wendy Lathrop letter on misconceptions in July 30 article about flood insurance')('2006080', 'Perdita Buchan Home Work essay on joys of painting walls in her new house; drawing (M)')('2006080', 'Letter from Jeffrey S Trachtman, lawyer for plaintiffs in case that resulted in New York court ruling finding marriage by gay couples does not violate state constitution, says core value of equality requires that gays be given choice to marry (July 30 article)')('2006080', "Part 16 of Jaime Hernandez's comic strip La Maggie La Loca")('2006080', 'Correction of July 30 article about role lawyer Larry Sonsini played in Silicon Valley; Sonsini never served on Brocade Communications System compensation committee (S)')('2006080', "Letters from Nancy Friedman and David Cohen on July 23 article on truncated words that litter young people's talk")('2006080', 'Ed Grimm letter on July 23 article about actor John C Reilly')('2006080', 'Mayor Cory Booker of Newark, NJ, facing early test of his tough stance against crime, backs up Acting Police Chief Anthony Campos after police officer fatally shoots drug suspect Chakhan Nance (S)')('2006080', 'Billy Mayfair undergoes surgery for testicular cancer (S)')('2006080', 'Melanie Ryan letter abhors relationship between older woman and young man described in July 30 article about interns')('2006080', 'Photo of former New York Giants linebacker Harry Carson, who was inducted into Pro Football Hall of Fameo')('2006080', "Letter from Daniel Pedersen of Buffett Early Childhood Fund comments on July 23 article on early childhood education in view of new findings about role of environment in realizing child's full IQ potential")('2006080', 'Op-Ed article by Lynn Harris, member of Haven Coalition, organization that offers free overnight housing to women coming to New York for late-term abortions; opposes Child Custody Protection Act, passed by US Senate, that would make it federal crime to help under-age girls escape parental notification laws by crossing state lines to obtain abortion; contends parental involvement laws, on books in 34 states, put already at-risk girls in greater danger')('2006080', 'Tiger Woods takes third-round lead at Buick Open; photo (M)6')('2006080', 'FALLOUT FROM THE GATLIN TEST**Norbert W Sander Jr letter')('2006080', 'Benjamin Genocchio reviews exhibition sponsored by Aljira, alternative art gallery, in Newark, NJ; photos (M)')('2006080', 'New Jersey Gov Jon Corzine, day after cataract surgery, signs 27 bills into law (S)')('2006080', 'Louise S Albenda letter says administration should focus on reducing costs of long-term care rather than repealing inheritance tax (July 30 article)')('2006080', 'France and United States reach agreement on draft Security Council resolution to halt war in Lebanon; resolution calls for truce, asking current United Nations peacekeepers to monitor border area; lays out plan for permanent cease-fire and political settlement; does not include prisoner exchange or call for Israel to immediately withdraw from Lebanon; accord envisages second resolution to create new international force to patrol zone in southern Lebanon and resolve border issues; photo (L)')('2006080', 'Police in Port Chester, NY, arrest Vincent Jendrzejczak, homeless man, on charges of burglary and criminal trespass after series of break-ins (S)')('2006080', "July 23 article on social worker's responsibilities in deciding whether to remove child permanently from mother's custody prompts letters from Kara R Finck and Jenny Crawford of Bronx Defenders, Richard Heyl de Ortiz, Patrick J Moynihan, Patricia Hunt and Gila M Cohen")('2006080', "Kate Stone Lombardi Generations essay describes her mixed emotions and expectations as her daughter's new boyfriend comes for Sunday dinner; drawing (M)")('2006080', 'M H Reed article on Myong Private Label Gourmet, gourmet store and cafe in Mount Kisco, NY (M)')('2006080', "Kate Stone Lombardi Generations essay describes her mixed emotions and expectations as her daughter's new boyfriend comes for Sunday dinner; drawing (M)")('2006080', 'Controversy arises over plan to set aside on-street parking spaces for teachers and staff at school in Pelham, NY (S)')('2006080', "Nelson Marans letter comments on July 30 article about elderly spending their children's inheritance")('2006080', 'Arnold Korotkin letter on July 30 article about possible demise of boardwalk amusement park in Seaside Park, NJ')('2006080', 'Valentin Lyubarsky letter comments on Thomas Mallon July 9 review of Reggie Nadelson book Comrade Rockstar')('2006080', "Kevin Coyne Jersey column on Dominick LeoGrande's white 1981 Ford Mustang, which he bought for $500, overhauled and raced at drag tracks in New Jersey and Pennsylvania; car was stolen from his son's service station in Sayreville and LeoGrande is offering reward for its return; photo (M)")('2006080', 'Political advertisements from campaign of Ned Lamont hope to dispel concerns that he lacks political experience; recent polls have Lamont leading Sen Joseph Lieberman in primary; some Democrats say Lieberman should bow out if he loses; photo (M)')('2006080', 'Boaters and residents express concern after Northeast Utilities announces plan to sell Candlewood Lake in Connecticut to Energy Capital Partners; company plans to impose fee of about $200 a year for docks or patios on power company land near water, limit number of boats and Jet Skis that owners can keep on water and has proposed new environmental regulations; photo (M)')('2006080', "City Councilman Eric Gioia and Federal Energy Regulatory Commission director Bryan Lee letters on George Loehr's July 30 Op-Ed article on Con Edison's response to blackout in Queens")('2006080', "B B Wylie Walden letter praises Thomas Schwarz's July 16 Op-Ed article supporting movement to house elderly on college campuses in New York")('2006080', 'Robin Finn column on Susan Sineo of Manorville, NY, who is being sued for defamation by Long Island Compost Corp; Sineo has been waging battle against composting company, claiming its nearby sites are public health hazard; photo (M)')('2006080', 'Scene on beach at Plum Island Animal Disease Center, federal research complex containing biohazard lab on Plum Island, NY, described as employees and their relatives participate in annual Family Day; photo (M)')('2006080', "Alan Schwarz Keeping Score column discusses Baseball Prospectus's method for predicting playoff odds (M)2")('2006080', 'M H Reed reviews The Atrium restaurant in Rye Brook, NY; photos (M)')('2006080', 'Correction; July 30 article about costs of caring for elderly parents mistated name of company that employs person quoted about impact of longer life spans on inheritances')('2006080', 'Mindy Aloff letter comments on Alan Light July 16 review of John Strausbaugh book Black Like You')('2006080', 'Irving B Fried letter disputes contention by chairman Richard Kessel, in July 30 article, that Long Island Power Authority is being held prisoner by oil companies')('2006080', 'Editorial offers second set of questions that voters should pose to candidates seeking election to New York State Legislature this fall')('2006080', 'Correction: July 30 chart about historical hunger strikes referred incorrectly to 1981 hunger strike')('2006080', 'Photos of Travis Pastrana at X Games, where he won freestyle motocross best trick event0')('2006080', 'Stephanie Lyness reviews The Cookhouse restaurant in Branford, Conn; photos (M)')('2006080', 'Lina del Tinto letter on July 30 article about country club that seems to encourage dress she deems slovenly')('2006080', 'Profile of Raul Castro, who is leading Cuba while Fidel Castro recovers from surgery; Raul, who has always been deferential to Fidel, has led military for 47 years; photos (M)')('2006080', "Kate Stone Lombardi Generations essay describes her mixed emotions and expectations as her daughter's new boyfriend comes for Sunday dinner; drawing (M)")('2006080', "President of Bug Doctor Termite and Pest Control president Stuart Aust offers free spraying with methyl anthranilate, compound found in grapes, to repel birds that have, for years, been leaving droppings on volunteer firefighters' cars parked beneath pear trees next to firehouse in Hillsdale, NJ; method seems to have worked and birds are gone; photos (M)")('2006080', 'Op-Ed article by Lynn Harris, member of Haven Coalition, organization that offers free overnight housing to women coming to New York for late-term abortions; opposes Child Custody Protection Act, passed by US Senate, that would make it federal crime to help under-age girls escape parental notification laws by crossing state lines to obtain abortion; contends parental involvement laws, on books in 34 states, put already at-risk girls in greater danger')('2006080', 'Perdita Buchan Home Work essay on joys of painting walls in her new house; drawing (M)')('2006080', 'Joseph Berger interviews Ned Lamont, 52, Democrat who is challenging incumbent Sen Joseph Lieberman in Connecticut primary; photo (M)')('2006080', 'Chart discusses week of baseball; photos (S)')('2006080', 'Carol Lyons letter on July 2 editorial on day laborers, some of them illegal immigrants, who gather in Mamaroneck, NY')('2006080', 'Kelly Feeney reviews Hot Rods Real Pit BBQ in Wharton, NJ (S)')('2006080', 'Marian Horosko letter about July 30 article says dancing is far more strenuous than athletics and pain requires investigation, not quick fix')('2006080', "Article on Eastern Organic Resources in Springfield Township, NJ, 156-acre composting facility that state is trying to close down; David Goodemote, company president and environmental engineer, contends facility is environmentally friendly, not harmful; state's Department of Environmental Protection has fined company more than $1.5 million for polluting air and water; photo (M)")('2006080', 'Two of nine major power lines in downtown Stamford fail as heat wave hits Connecticut and rest of Northeast; photo (M)')('2006080', 'Benjamin Genocchio reviews exhibit Britannia and Muscovy: English Silver at the Court of the Tsars, on view at Yale Center for British Art in New Haven; photos (M)')('2006080', "Kronos Inc chief executive Aron Ain The Boss column on his childhood, his parents' community volunteerism, decision to join Kronos, which was started by his brother, importance of balance between family and work and friendship with man who lives alone in assisted-living residence; photo (M)")('2006080', 'John L Welch letter contends that even youngest athletes can sometimes be overheard trash-talking (S)')('2006080', "Summer's first heat wave causes record electric use and some power outages on Long Island; Long Island Power Authority asks major customers to reduce demand; photo (M)")('2006080', 'James Biber designs modernist house overlooking ocean in Montauk, NY, that is set apart from usual beach house by its solid, sumptuous materials and attention to detail; photos (L)')('2006080', 'Joseph Berger column on reactions to topping-out of Trump Plaza, 40-story tower built by Donald Trump and Louis Cappelli in New Rochelle, NY; notes more than few local residents think building will forever change their suburban experience; photo (M)')('2006080', 'Editorial offers second set of questions that voters should pose to candidates seeking election to New York State Legislature this fall')('2006080', "Mineola Board of Assessors chairman Harvey B Levinson letter on Joseph Andretta's July 16 Op Ed article opposing income tax on Long Island to pay for schools")('2006080', "Kaya Chwals letter comments on Deborah Solomon's July 23 interview with John Wood, former Microsoft executive and philanthropist")('2006080', 'Patricia Brooks reviews The Pantry restaurant in Washington Depot, Conn (S)')('2006080', 'Op-Ed article by lawyer Nicole Belson Goluboff offers reasons why Congress needs to pass legislation introduced by Sen Chris Dodd and Repr Christopher Shays that would prohibit states from taxing nonresidents on income they earn when they work from home (M)')('2006080', 'Dan Carsen letter says Aug 2 editorial opposing Senate bill that would open 8.3 acres in Gulf of Mexico to oil drilling is not critical enough')('2006080', 'Article assesses sharp downturn in housing market in New York metropolitan area; interviews with brokers throughout region indicate that booming housing market of last five years, when houses sold within days and bidding wars were routine, is over and market is settling down to a new normal; buyers are slower to make up their minds, houses are staying on market longer and median sales prices continue to rise in most places, but no longer at double-digit rates; photos; graph (L)')('2006080', 'Article assesses sharp downturn in housing market in New York metropolitan area; interviews with brokers throughout region indicate that booming housing market of last five years, when houses sold within days and bidding wars were routine, is over and market is settling down to a new normal; buyers are slower to make up their minds, houses are staying on market longer and median sales prices continue to rise in most places, but no longer at double-digit rates; photos; graph (L)')('2006080', "Connecticut Agricultural Experiment Station in New Haven reports finding unprecedended number of mosquitoes infected with West Nile virus in July; Dr Theodore Andreadis, state's chief medical entomologist, cites high amount of rain in spring and early summer; says recent heat wave could speed up transmission of disease (M)")('2006080', 'Karla Cook reviews Mazi restaurant in Bradley Beach, NJ; photos (M)')('2006080', 'David Sirota letter comments on Tobin Harshaw July 23 review of his book Hostile Takeover')('2006080', 'Officials in Norwalk, Conn, are discussing allowing placement of ads on new trash bins that would be placed around city by Creative Outdoor Advertising; company would provide bins, find advertisers, empty trash and pay city $5 to $10 a month for each bin; photo (M)')('2006080', 'Correction of chart with July 23 article about investing in commodities (S)')('2006080', 'Thousands of residents flock to pools, beaches and community centers as fierce heat wave sweeps across Westchester County, NY; surge in power demand results in some power outages as utilities urge residential and business owners to conserve power; photo (M)')('2006080', 'Perdita Buchan Home Work essay on joys of painting walls in her new house; drawing (M)')('2006080', 'Sam Oglesby letter on July 30 article about changing face of South Bronx')('2006080', "Peter Applebome Our Towns column on John Sebastian, rock musician with Lovin'Spoonful who sang Summer in the City, song about New York that was written by his brother, Mark; Sebastian now lives in Woodstock, NY, where he says that air conditioning has made summers less perverse; photo (M)")('2006080', "New York Yankees catcher Jorge Posada's option becomes guaranteed as player with 10 years in Majors and five seasons with same team (M)¬")('2006080', "Howard Goldberg reviews Lieb Family Cellars' 2002 blanc de blanc sparkling wine and 2005 pinot blanc still wine (Long Island Vines column) (M)")('2006080', 'The Week column; six Suffolk County jail inmates, after completing eight-hour course in industrial safety, will be assigned to clean up black mold in jails in Riverhead and Yaphank, NY; New York State Restoration Program approves $340,000 grant to help pay for removal of contaminated soil at Gladsky Marine, former marina and boatyard in Glen Cove; Hamptons Shakespeare Festival cancels bulk of summer programs after being unable to find temporary housing for actors, set designers and crew; Brookhaven Town Board, voting 5 to 2 after initial rejection, approves plan for new Long Island Power Authority plant in South Yaphank; photo (M)')('2006080', "Reading File column comments on puns on Sen Joseph I Lieberman's name, Atlantic Monthly article on managing lifestyles of ultrarich and Chronicle of Higher Education article in which Prof Daniel W Drezner discusses whether his blog ruined his chances for tenure; photo (M)")('2006080', "Article on ambiguity that remains over US District Judge Dennis Cavanaugh's decision that East Brunswick, NJ, High School football coach Marcus Borden can participate in student-led prayers; school board had ordered Borden to stop leading students in prayers before games or even bending his head and bending down on one knee; Borden quit, but rescinded resignation after deciding to file suit; photos (M)")('2006080', "Beth Rosen letter on Joseph Berger's July 30 column about man who bought home in which he grew up in New Rochelle, NY")('2006080', 'Scene on beach at Plum Island Animal Disease Center, federal research complex containing biohazard lab on Plum Island, NY, described as employees and their relatives participate in annual Family Day; photo (M)')('2006080', 'David Chen On Politics column on skepticism among fiscal experts and other political analysts over whether group of 24 New Jersey lawmakers can come up with property tax reform bills by mid-November; photo (M)')('2006080', 'Mayo Shattuck III, if hired as commissioner of National Football League, would have to resign as chief executive of Constellation Energy Group; wife Molly, cheerleader for Baltimore Ravens, would also have to quit; photo (S)')('2006080', "President of Bug Doctor Termite and Pest Control president Stuart Aust offers free spraying with methyl anthranilate, compound found in grapes, to repel birds that have, for years, been leaving droppings on volunteer firefighters' cars parked beneath pear trees next to firehouse in Hillsdale, NJ; method seems to have worked and birds are gone; photos (M)")('2006080', 'Ligand Pharmaceuticals, which has agreed to pay $12.15 million to settle shareholder suits over years of false financial statements, says chairman and chief executive David Robinson has resigned (S)')('2006080', "Library trustees in Greenburgh, NY, have denied request by Elmsford to extend old, less expensive, contract under which Elmsford residents use Greenburgh's public library; Greenburgh, which is planning $20 million renovation, wants to raise fiscal fee about 30 percent, to about $334,000; Elmsford has filed suit questioning legality of 1967 process that annexed land under library to Greenburgh; photo (M)")('2006080', "Eight letters comment on Deborah Blum Aug 1 Op-Ed on current impasse over embryonic stem cell research; Leonore Brooks says research should be fully supported by government; Germaine Wensley says California Nurses for Ethical Standards agrees with Pres Bush's veto of research; Lonny R Levin disputes Blum's comparison examples of medical progress through history; Phillip Certain says advances in stem cell research will be result of long, slow slog typical of any research; Bradford W Short says it is scientists whose discoveries defined life that Pres Bush feels is being violated by stem cell research; Ginger Nathanson says countries with less restrictive stem cell research laws will be leaders in new medical discoveries; Fank Heynick agrees that there should be no religiously based restrictions on stem cell research; Robert Lehrman says those who value life should rejoice that human embryo evades complete destruction with stem cell research; drawing")('2006080', 'Brunswick School in Greenwich, Conn, joins handful of high schools in state offering courses in Arabic language; two magnet public high schools in New Haven and Norwalk plan to offer Arabic this fall (S)')('2006080', "President of Bug Doctor Termite and Pest Control president Stuart Aust offers free spraying with methyl anthranilate, compound found in grapes, to repel birds that have, for years, been leaving droppings on volunteer firefighters' cars parked beneath pear trees next to firehouse in Hillsdale, NJ; method seems to have worked and birds are gone; photos (M)")('2006080', "Library trustees in Greenburgh, NY, have denied request by Elmsford to extend old, less expensive, contract under which Elmsford residents use Greenburgh's public library; Greenburgh, which is planning $20 million renovation, wants to raise fiscal fee about 30 percent, to about $334,000; Elmsford has filed suit questioning legality of 1967 process that annexed land under library to Greenburgh; photo (M)")('2006080', 'Photos taken at variety of benefits')('2006080', "Article on ambiguity that remains over US District Judge Dennis Cavanaugh's decision that East Brunswick, NJ, High School football coach Marcus Borden can participate in student-led prayers; school board had ordered Borden to stop leading students in prayers before games or even bending his head and bending down on one knee; Borden quit, but rescinded resignation after deciding to file suit; photos (M)")('2006080', "Holly Wahlberg letter opposes John Thorn's July 30 Op-Ed article calling for creation of Hudson River Hall of Fame")('2006080', 'Letter from Drs Lynn E Sullivan and David A Fiellin says patient described in July 30 article may not be getting appropriate treatment if he or she is suffering with addiction')('2006080', 'Scene on beach at Plum Island Animal Disease Center, federal research complex containing biohazard lab on Plum Island, NY, described as employees and their relatives participate in annual Family Day; photo (M)')('2006080', 'Benjamin Genocchio reviews works by Bruce Nauman at Dia: Beacon in Beacon, NY; photos (M)')('2006080', 'Officials in Norwalk, Conn, are discussing allowing placement of ads on new trash bins that would be placed around city by Creative Outdoor Advertising; company would provide bins, find advertisers, empty trash and pay city $5 to $10 a month for each bin; photo (M)')('2006080', 'Linda Mitrovich letter on July 30 article on great supermarkets')('2006080', 'Article assesses sharp downturn in housing market in New York metropolitan area; interviews with brokers throughout region indicate that booming housing market of last five years, when houses sold within days and bidding wars were routine, is over and market is settling down to a new normal; buyers are slower to make up their minds, houses are staying on market longer and median sales prices continue to rise in most places, but no longer at double-digit rates; photos; graph (L)')('2006080', 'Westchester County, NY, creates new Web site that lists restaurants that do not use trans fats; photo (M)')('2006080', 'Connecticut Secretary of State Susan Bysiewicz says state has reached agreement with Justice Department under which overseas absentee ballots sent late to soldiers stationed overseas for August 8 primary will be counted even if they arrive as late as August 25; agreement affects federal elections, not state or municipal races; photo (M)')('2006080', "Correction of July 30 article on Tom Hanks' production company Playtone")('2006080', 'Correction; July 16 article about nightclub Mr Black incorrectly described building where club is located')('2006080', 'Article on recent arts grants awarded to groups across New Jersey by Geraldine R Dodge Foundation for the Arts; some recipients comment; photo (M)')('2006080', 'Roundup of interesting gifts for well-mannered weekend guest to bring host; photos (M)')('2006080', 'Perdita Buchan Home Work essay on joys of painting walls in her new house; drawing (M)')('2006080', 'Two letters comment on Aug 1 article on use of sometimes aggressive big black women in advertising; Julia Harte says racial caricatures are horrifying; Stephanie Mandella says as black woman, she finds these women funny and beautiful')('2006080', 'BenH')('2006080', 'Officials in Norwalk, Conn, are discussing allowing placement of ads on new trash bins that would be placed around city by Creative Outdoor Advertising; company would provide bins, find advertisers, empty trash and pay city $5 to $10 a month for each bin; photo (M)')('2006080', 'Correction of July 30 review of works by artist John Brewster Jr (S)')('2006080', 'Correction of July 30 article about divisions within Jewish Community Center of Mid-Westchester of Scarsdale over its John and Maxine Bendheim Performing Arts Center (S)')('2006080', 'Blog Blast: Got Links?')('2006080', 'Cathleen Schine gives Fairway another try.')('2006080', 'Douglas Coupland introduces the woman who picks up authors on book tour at the airport.')('2006080', "Lieberman's Web site crashes. Some fingers are pointed.")('2006080', "Here's #3 in the Pogue's Post Series of Head-Slapping, Quirky Internet Entrepreneurs who Made Good with Nothing but a Good Idea I Wish I'd Had. Yes, it's Where the Hell is Matt.com–a little video that wouldn't work anywhere else but on the Internet. Matt, as you'll soon discover, is a guy who's filmed himself doing [...]")('2006080', 'Lamont: "I\'m confident."')('2006080', 'Want to read something really scary?')('2006080', "A visit to Old Hill Ranch in Sonoma, where zinfandel has been planted since the late 1800's.")('2006080', 'Morgan Stanley on Monday said it launched a second hedge fund investment vehicle that aims to raise $300 million and give retail and smaller institutions access to the popular asset class. Morgan Stanley, which manages some $440 billion through its investment management arm, said the new Absolute Return Fund STS has a $100,000 minimum and [...]')('2006080', "The private-equity consortium that bought control of Philips's chipmaking business plans to refinance the debt that supported the deal with the sale of 4.5 billion euro ($5.8 billion) in junk bonds, which would be Europe's biggest such issue, The Financial Times reported Monday. Kohlberg Kravis Roberts and Silver Lake Partners and Dutch company Alpinvest won [...]")('2006080', 'Notes from the home stretch in Connecticut.')('2006080', 'Open house in bad weather draws serious shoppers.')('2006080', 'Tom Suozzi likes to remind people that he was named a "public official of the year" by Governing magazine in 2005. He was one of eight officials honored last year (the magazine\'s cover boy was the New York City\'s health commissioner, Thomas Frieden , although the Suozzi campaign sometimes makes it sound like he was [...]')('2006080', 'Canadian nickel miner Inco, which plans to be acquired by Phelps Dodge, said on Monday it would open negotiations with unsolicited suitor Teck Cominco. Inco urged shareholders to reject Teck\'s existing takeover offer of C$19.6 billion (US $17.3 billion), but said the overture could potentially lead to a "superior proposal." As a result, Inco can [...]')('2006080', 'Readers respond to Bob Herbert\'s Aug. 7 column, "The Iraq War Enablers " Robert Watson, Kew Gardens, New York: I agree 100 percent with your articles. Those who criticize Bush for his handling of the war, miss the point. We should never have started such a war. It was unnecessary, immoral and probably unwinnable right [...]')('2006080', 'Readers respond to David Brooks\'s Aug. 6 column, "Talking About Terror" Marian Segal, Rockville, Md., and Jerusalem: Your policy maker says, "But if Hezbollah keeps fighting it will have accepted responsibility for breaking the international deal, and Israel will have greater freedom to act." Hezbollah broke the last international deal when it crossed the blue [...]')('2006080', 'Bloggers chew on the latest Q-Poll.')('2006080', 'While the world focuses on Israel and Lebanon, writes Daoud Kuttab from the West Bank, Palestinians in Gaza continue to be hit by Israeli attacks.')('2006080', 'Plains Exploration & Production said on Monday it has agreed to sell oil and gas properties that it no longer considers strategic to Occidental Petroleum for $865 million. The properties are located primarily in California and Texas and currently generate sales volumes, net of exchange related natural gas volumes, of about 7,200 barrels of oil [...]')('2006080', "Ever since New York's Eliot Spitzer hit it with a bid-rigging civil suit in 2004, Marsh & McLennan has limped along, reporting quarter after quarter of weak profits. Even as some of its divisions, like its Kroll risk-consulting unit, regained their stride, other parts of the empire continued to drag on the company's performance. Now, [...]")('2006080', 'Questions for Daniel Humm, the chef at Eleven Madison Park.')('2006080', '"A major rejiggering of the telecommunications landscape" could be in the offing from the biggest-ever auction of wireless spectrum in the United States, according to an account in BusinessWeek. More than 160 players will vie for various-sized chunks of spectrum starting on August 9, when the FCC will start taking bids. Cable and satellite companies [...]')('2006080', "Martha Stewart's legal troubles seem over at last. The Securities and Exchange Commission said Monday that it has settled with her and stockbroker Peter E. Bacanovic over civil charges that Ms. Stewart sold shares of biotechnology company ImClone Systems based on nonpublic information in December 2001. Ms. Stewart, the founder of Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia, [...]")('2006080', 'Acxiom on Monday said it had resolved a looming proxy battle by agreeing to give a dissident shareholder two seats on its board and doing a $300 million share buyback. Little Rock, Ark.-based Acxiom, a business data compiler, said it appointed Jeffrey Ubben, managing director of an activist hedge fund, ValueAct Capital, to its board [...]')('2006080', 'Canadian Oil Sands Trust said on Monday it had lowered the threshold for shareholder acceptance of its takeover offer for Canada Southern Petroleum, and was close to meeting that revised condition. Canadian Oil Sands said its $167 million cash offer to buy Canada Southern would now be valid if at least 50.01 percent of shares [...]')('2006080', 'Who\'s more Kennedyesque, Joe Lieberman or Ned Lamont? Martin Peretz, editor in chief of The New Republic, says on The Wall Street Journal Op-Ed page that Lieberman is J.F.K.\'s hawkish heir, while Lamont is the descendant of losing dovish "peace candidates" like George McGovern. (Peretz also says Lamont is the literal descendant of an "American [...]')('2006080', 'An analysis from Jeffries & Company concluded that the buyout of hospital operator HCA will yield a return of only 16 percent a year - which sounds good to people who park their money savings accounts, but which is only about half the average return for buyout funds. And even that 16 percent is questionable, [...]')('2006080', 'Morning Buzz')('2006080', 'The Mexican unit of Wal-Mart Stores has filed for a retail banking license with local regulators, the latest retailer to enter the realm of financial services in Mexico in recent years. Wal-Mart de Mexico, or Walmex, said in a release Wednesday it will make an announcement "the moment that this process results in the granting [...]')('2006080', 'On behalf of neighboring New Hampshire and its first-in-the-nation primary, The Boston Globe editorial page goes negative on rival states Nevada and South Carolina. (As the Globe notes, if a Democratic National Committee plan is approved this month, in 2008, "Nevada would be allowed to hold caucuses after the Iowa caucuses and before the New [...]')('2006080', "Russ Berrie and Company, a maker of teddy bears and other gifts, said on Monday an investment group, Prentice Capital Management, had agreed to buy about 8.8 million shares of the company, or 42 percent of its outstanding stock, for $11.30 a share. The price represents a 1 percent premium over the company's closing price [...]")('2006080', 'Deutsche Borse on Monday said its offer for Euronext, the pan-European stock exchange operator, is a better value after recent trading than the rival bid made by NYSE Group, the parent of the New York Stock Exchange. Deutsche Boerse said the value of its Euronext offer was 72.17 euros a share on Friday, exceeding the [...]')('2006080', 'CommScope, a maker of communications equipment such as coaxial and fiber optic cables, said on Monday it had proposed to buy all shares of the Andrew Corporation for $1.7 billion, challenging a merger agreement between Andrew and ADC Telecommunications. CommScope, a communications cable maker, said its proposal, valued at $9.50 a share, represents a premium [...]')('2006080', 'The AmerisourceBergen Corporation and Kindred Healthcare said on Monday they had signed an agreement to combine their institutional pharmacy businesses into a single, publicly traded company. They said the combined company would be the second-largest institutional pharmacy, with annual revenue of $1.9 billion and earnings before interest and taxes of $75 million. The companies expect [...]')('2006080', 'Inco, the Canadian mining company, said on Monday its board had unanimously recommended that shareholders reject an amended takeover bid from Teck Cominco and vote in favor of its proposed combination with Phelps Dodge. Inco said its board had reviewed the bid from Teck Cominco and determined that the Phelps Dodge bid remained the superior [...]')('2006080', 'A federal judge approved the reorganization plan of Winn-Dixie Stores on Friday, setting the stage for the supermarket chain to emerge from bankruptcy if its creditors also accept the proposal. Judge Jerry Funk of United States Bankruptcy Court gave the Jacksonville-based company approval to mail out 20,000 ballots seeking approval of its plan after being [...]')('2006080', "A coalition of major recording companies sued the operators of the file-sharing program LimeWire on Friday, alleging that the company violates copyrights by encouraging users to trade music without permission. New York-based Lime Group, its subsidiaries who designed and distribute LimeWire and the company's top executives are named in the lawsuit, which was filed in [...]")('2006080', "Berkshire Hathaway, the billionaire Warren E. Buffett's investment vehicle, said on Friday that another former executive of its reinsurance unit was being investigated by the Justice Department regarding the possible manipulation of earnings at the American International Group. The executive, Christopher Garand, one of four former General Re executives sued by the Securities and Exchange [...]")('2006080', 'Federal jurors convicted two former energy traders of wire fraud on Friday, but either acquitted them or could not reach a decision on other conspiracy and false reporting counts. The verdicts in the trial of a former trader at Dynegy, Michelle Marie Valencia, and a former trader at the El Paso Corporation, Greg Singleton, surprised [...]')('2006080', 'More than ever, it looks like Tower Records, the iconic music retailer that put itself back on the block last week, may need a white knight. At least three major music companies cut off CD shipments to Tower on Thursday after record executives said that the retailer had stopped paying its bills. The Los Angeles [...]')('2006080', 'City traders expect further frantic dealings in the shares of retirement home builder McCarthy & Stone today on hopes of yet another bid to top the latest 1.1 billion pound ($2.1 billion) offer from the HBOS-led consortium that includes billionaire brothers Simon and David Reuben and sports shop tycoon Sir Tom Hunter. The consortium, known [...]')('2006080', 'The chief executive of Emmis Communications Corporation, the radio and television broadcaster, said on Friday that he was ending his bid to acquire the company, three months after he offered to take the company private in a deal valued at $567 million. The chief executive, Jeffrey H. Smulyan, said his corporation, ECC Acquisition, withdrew its [...]')('2006080', 'British mobile phones tycoon John Caudwell is to bank more than 1.24 billion pounds ($2.37 billion) after agreeing to sell the business he started in 1987 to two private equity investors. Doughty Hanson and Providence Equity partners signed a 1.46 billion pound deal yesterday to buy the Caudwell Group, which includes the Phones4U mobile phone [...]')('2006080', "L. John Doerr, celebrated venture capitalist at Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers, is re-emerging on the scene, and this time he's tub-thumping the potential of green. The narrative he wove in the late 1990's pitted heroic Internet entrepreneurs against villainous phone companies and bricks-and-mortar retailers. Now the heroes are ethanol producers and fuel-cell makers, and [...]")('2006080', 'Esporta and Cannons, two of the largest gym chains in Britain, could be sold in deals worth a total of 850 million pounds, according to weekend speculation. The private equity arm of the Royal Bank of Scotland, which is the majority stakeholder in Cannons, is understood to be reviewing its options, raising speculation that the [...]')('2006080', "Investors in DreamWorks Animation SKG had reason to celebrate after the Glendale-based film studio announced better-than-expected second-quarter profit late Thursday. But the champagne quickly ran out Friday. After months of declining share prices, the company's financial results pushed DreamWorks' stock up only 1.5 percent to $20.61 a share. Analysts and company executives expect the shares [...]")('2006080', "A private equity group, Candover, has emerged as a possible bidder for some or all of Trinity Mirror's newspapers after the British group last week announced a review of its business that could lead to the sale of its flagship title, the Daily Mirror. Trinity's director of strategic development, Humphrey Cobbold, left earlier this month [...]")('2006080', "Whimsical Scottish rockers Travis are to see their forthcoming album backed to the tune of 4 million pounds with a little help from Lord Lloyd-Webber's ex-business partner. Patrick McKenna's Ingenious Group has teamed up with the Independiente record label to form a joint venture company for the band's much-anticipated fifth album. Ingenious' two music venture [...]")('2006080', 'Alien Technology withdrew on Friday its pending initial public offering with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The maker of radio frequency identification had been expected to begin trading July 28, but it later delayed its I.P.O. The Morgan Hill, Calif.-based company had planned to offer 9 million shares at an anticipated $10 to $12 a [...]')('2006080', "A $1 billion initial public offering of Infineon Technology's chip spinoff as well as boutique investment bank Evercore Partners are due in the coming days, as Wall Street 's I.P.O. market shifts into recovery mode. The late summer rush of deals will also include a $400 million I.P.O. from the vitamin retailer GNC, a $200 [...]")('2006080', "NASD, the private-sector securities regulator, has filed a complaint against a Baltimore broker, Brian J. Kelly, claiming he made excessive and improper trades in a client's account. The allegations by the NASD's enforcement department against Mr. Kelly date back to 2001 and 2002, when he worked for Wachovia Securities. Mr. Kelly, who hosts a talk [...]")('2006080', "The new Arcelor-Mittal steel group on Friday named a senior Arcelor manager, Roland Junck, to be its chief executive and Mittal Steel's chief financial officer, Aditya Mittal, as the combined company's C.F.O. Arcelor and Mittal Steel will each contribute two members to the management board of the new company, which is being formed after Arcelor [...]")('2006080', 'Despite fears that increased costs imposed by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act are driving companies to list overseas, London fell behind New York as a venue for high-value stock market flotations in the first six months of this year, losing the narrow lead it won for the first time in 2005, The Guardian reported. The New York [...]')('2006080', 'College journalists have always had to grapple with a variety of concerns, from soothing the ruffled feathers of administrators to keeping beer out of the newsroom. Now seems to be the time to add a new one: dealing with corporate owners. Last week The Tallahassee Democrat, a daily paper owned by Gannett, announced that it [...]')('2006080', 'Philips, the Dutch technology group that cut its exposure to the most volatile of its traditional activities by selling its chip unit for $8.25 billion in cash this week, is looking at expanding in the fast-growing healthcare sector with some big acquisitions. In an interview with the Financial Times, Gerard Kleisterlee, the chief executive, said [...]')('2006080', 'Exelon and its would-be merger partner said Friday they would continue meeting with New Jersey state regulators in a last-chance try to save the proposed combinationm, which would create the largest utility company in the United States. Earlier this week, Exelon indicated that it was running out of patience with the staff of the New [...]')('2006080', 'Starting on Aug. 9, more than 160 telecommunications and media players, large and small, will be pitted against one another in an auction by the Federal Communications Commission for the largest chunk of wireless spectrum ever put out to bid in the United States. The auction, which could raise as much as $15 billion for [...]')('2006080', "AmerisourceBergen and Kindred Healthcare are near a deal to combine their institutional-pharmacy businesses into a separate, publicly traded company that would become the nation's second-largest pharmacy distributing and preparing patient medications for nursing homes, hospitals and hospices, according to The Wall Street Journal. A newly formed firm from AmerisourceBergen and Kindred units could have a [...]")('2006080', "Shares of Autostrade, the company that operates most of Italy's motorways, fell sharply in early trading Monday after the Italian government late on Friday blocked its proposed 25 billion euro ($32.2 billion) merger with Abertis, its Spanish counterpart. The government barred the deal on the grounds that Autostrade's request for government approval was not legitimate, [...]")('2006080', "Johnson & Johnson is going to get one heck of a tax break on its deal to acquire Pfizer's consumer healthcare unit, which includes Listerine, Rolaids and Sudafed. According to Allan Sloan, J&J's tax savings on the deal will offset at least a quarter of the $16.6 billion cost, possibly much more. J&J's tax savings, [...]")('2006080', "Ford Motor may sell Land Rover along with Jaguar, as part of a shake-up of its British brands, The Sunday Times of London reported. The British newspaper said Ford's senior management, led by chairman and chief executive Bill Ford Jr., was considering packaging the two marques together and selling a majority stake to a financial [...]")('2006080', "Time Warner's plan to turn AOL into a free service reflects a new audaciousness that is returning to Richard D. Parsons, Rupert Murdoch, Robert A. Iger and other masters of Big Media as they grapple with the unending technological upheaval of the day. After the wave of big mergers that shaped the industry in the [...]")('2006080', "Wall Street, long known as a clubby man's world, has long sought to shed its reputation as a land of Gordon Gekko wannabes. For more than a decade, firms like Goldman Sachs, Morgan Stanley and Lehman Brothers have not just opened their doors to women but actively seek them out. But more and more, women [...]")('2006080', 'In this lesson, students consider how discovering surprises in their family histories can help them re-imagine their future, and then prepare to interview a family member to learn more about an ancestor.')('2006080', "Today, Forbes announced it sold a minority interest in the family controlled company to Elevation Partners, better known as Bono's private equity firm. The deal is Elevation's third since it formed its $1.9 billion fund in 2004. (Its first two deals were for Move, formerly called Homestore, and BioWare/Pandemic Studios. It also tried unsuccessfully to [...]")('2006080', "Solomon R Guggenheim Museum is awarded $1 million grant from US Education Department to conduct research into whether students' problem solving skills are improved by studying art; study will focus on 18 classes of fifth graders throughout New York City and will look at effects of art education on skills like experimentation, brainstorming, problem-solving and decision-making (S)")('2006080', 'Kelefa Sanneh reviews Step Up: Original Soundtrack; photo (M)')('2006080', 'Nate Chinen reviews new CD by Paul Motian; photo (M)')('2006080', 'Sia Michel reviews new CD by Towers of London; photo (M)')('2006080', 'NBC Universal hires George Kliavkoff as first chief digital officer (S)')('2006080', 'Photo of Philadelphia Eagles running back Bruce Perry, who was injured in Hall of Fame Game6')('2006080', 'Kaplan Thaler Group is awarded Liz Claiborne account; Gotham Inc had account for more than decade (S)')('2006080', 'Tom McDonagh, age 17, is youngest to win Met Golf Association Amateur Championship (S)')('2006080', 'Photo of New York Yankees pitcher Jaret Wright, who helped Yankees defeat Baltimore Orioles, 6-15')('2006080', 'Richard L Fisher, real estate developer and philanthropist, dies at age 65 (M)')('2006080', 'List of most popular movies, in terms of domestic box office sales, featuring actors from Saturday Night Live; photo (S)')('2006080', "Photo of Jimmie Johnson's win at Allstate 400ú")('2006080', 'Albert W Beucker letter says eliminating bundling of legislation would negate arguments for line item veto or signing statements (July 31 Walter Dellinger Op-Ed article)')('2006080', "Dorothy Crowley letter calls need for action in New Orleans urgent; scores delay of government-sponsored rebuilding plan that is in 'pilot' stage (July 30 article)")('2006080', 'Kelefa Sanneh reviews new CD by Cassie; photos (M)')('2006080', "Four letters comment on Aug 3 Bob Herbert Op-Ed column linking heat wave to global warming; David Kenosian says Americans should not expect action from Bush administration and calls for individual action; Jack Holtzman urges people to see Al Gore movie An Inconvenient Truth; Alfred Cavallo suggests measures homeowners can take to limit greenhouse emissions; Robert B Primack agrees with assessment of Pres Bush's leadership")('2006080', 'Jon Pareles reviews new CD by Ani DiFranco; photo (M)')('2006080', "Photo of Jeff Ward's motocross SuperMoto win at X Gamesÿ")('2006080', "Four letters respond to Aug 1 Judith Warner Op-Ed article on mothers rejecting dangerous job assignments, prompted by Katie Couric's decision not to report from Iraq; Jane Eisner recalls her employer giving her choice to take hazardous assignment; Adhitya S Chittur says solution for filling hazardous jobs is to establish obligational limitations with employer before they become issue; Mark Gothelf says people should be able to say no more often in face of corporate pressure; Bambi Nicklen applauds Katie Couric's rejection of assignment to Iraq, but says it makes her unqualified to fulfill her reponsibilities as news anchor")('2006080', 'Celia Tawil letter describes her sadness upon discovering in store box meant to hold folded flag of fallen soldier (Aug 4 Billy Shore Op-Ed article)')('2006080', 'Four letters comment on Aug 2 article about public use of Senators-only elevator in Capitol; Steve Bradt calls such private elevators pompous; Jonas S Chartock recalls thrill of being asked to join several well-known senators on elevator when he was working as intern; Anthony S Pitch, specialist tour guide in Washington, shares anecdote about Senate elevator; Darlene Popovic resents having her tax dollars pay for operator for Senate elevator; drawing')('2006080', 'Ned Lamont declares victory.')('2006080', 'Lamont Defeats Lieberman')('2006080', "Hungry for Chinese food and a sense of home, the Frugal Traveler heads to Beijing. But in pursuit of the city he'd imagined, he almost ignored the real Beijing before him.")('2006080', 'Lieberman conceds to Ned Lamont.')('2006080', 'As New Haven goes...?')('2006080', 'Latest NYT Headline: Lamont Holds a Slim Lead Over Lieberman')('2006080', "Drudge calls it, but we haven't yet; Lamont about to speak.")('2006080', "How Douglas Coupland named 13 dresses for two fashion designers' fall 2002 collection.")('2006080', 'Adam Davies confronts his past at the Astor Place Barnes & Noble.')('2006080', 'Scenes from two parties.')('2006080', 'Early edition: Lamont in the lead.')('2006080', 'Preliminary vote totals from Connecticut cities.')('2006080', 'The joy at a bat mitzvah party in Jerusalem is tempered by the reminders of war.')('2006080', 'Pogue seeks answers to a spam-in-blog mystery.')('2006080', 'Lieberman and the Web site.')('2006080', 'Multimedia from the Connecticut primary.')('2006080', 'Updated turnout figures: nearing 50 percent?')('2006080', 'Preliminary numbers: Connecticut may be heading for record turnout.')('2006080', 'Blog Blast: With an hour to go.')('2006080', 'Online video and the Connecticut Senate race.')('2006080', "In a year that has been unkind to initial public offerings, the latest to suffer is Qimonda, the planned $1.1 billion memory chipmaker spinoff from Infineon Technologies. Investment banks underwriting the I.P.O. have struggled to sell the deal to investors, TheStreet.com's Matthew Goldstein reported, citing unnamed sources. Qimonda shares are scheduled to price Tuesday evening [...]")('2006080', "So what's wrong with sauerkraut in August, anyway?")('2006080', 'Readers, We have received many comments and suggestions from you (over 200). Based on your comments, here are some improvements we have launched recently: Speedier overall response – You should see the content on your My Times pages load much faster. Easier ways to find and add RSS feeds – You can search by a [...]')('2006080', 'No shirt, no bandwidth, no service?')('2006080', "Lieberman adviser Dan Gerstein's email may be disabled, but his instant messaging account is still working (praise be AOL). Mr. Gerstein writes that at this point, the Lieberman campaign is not considering challenging the results of the Senate primary on the basis of a voter suppression charge. – Patrick Healy")('2006080', 'A second proxy advisory group said Tuesday that H.J. Heinz\'s performance has lagged its competitors and that a slate of director candidates advocated by shareholder activist Nelson Peltz collectively holds an "impressive" career record. But the firm also recommended rejecting the dissident proposal. In a press release, Heinz applauded Taft-Hartley Advisory Services\'s report, noting that [...]')('2006080', "What kinds of investors are buying into film libraries these days? Forbes asked Stephen Prough, a co-founder of Salem Partners, a Los Angeles investment bank, who brokers deals between investors and content owners: They are almost completely financial buyers. Recently, the last three deals that we've had involved hedge funds. The big studio financing deals [...]")('2006080', 'Turnout reports in Connecticut.')('2006080', 'The web follies.')('2006080', "Lieberman's web consultant talks.")('2006080', 'A screen grab of the Lieberman Web site at 10:04 a.m. today. If Joe Lieberman loses the Connecticut primary today, will he try to invalidate the results by charging his opponents with voter suppression - namely, short-circuiting his publicly available campaign web site? One has to wonder now that the Lieberman campaign has just announced [...]')('2006080', 'Case closed?')('2006080', 'Making amateur sequels to "Snakes on a Plane," the forthcoming Samuel L. Jackson movie.')('2006080', 'The city of San Diego in 2003 hired the law firm Vinson & Elkins to investigate problems with the city\'s pension system. The firm failed to provide a "warts and all" assessment, the city now alleges in a lawsuit that seeks $10 million in damages. Houston-based V&E prepared two reports, both of which were rejected [...]')('2006080', 'The senator and his wife at the polls.')('2006080', "Nokia said on Tuesday it had agreed to buy the digital music distributor Loudeye Corporation for $60 million as it competes for a bigger portion of a potentially lucrative market. Nokia said it had offered $4.50 a share in cash to Loudeye shareholders, 2.5 times Loudeye's closing price on Monday. Loudeye is based in Seattle. [...]")('2006080', 'Pearson said today that it had bought Mergermarket, a deal news and data firm, for 101 million pounds ($192 million) and intends to expand the business by integrating parts of it with its Financial Times newspaper unit. Go to Article from Reuters » Below is a copy of the press release: Pearson acquires Mergermarket: adds [...]')('2006080', 'Canada\'s main securities regulators put the brakes on the Sears Holdings Corporation\'s buyout offer of 892 million Canadian dollars ($775 million) for its Canadian unit on Tuesday, saying the bidder had "fallen short of disclosure obligations." The Ontario Securities Commission ruled Sears Holdings will have to exclude votes held by four entities from its calculation [...]')('2006080', "An ongoing survey of 37 venture capitalists in Silicon Valley, started more than two years ago, has reported the sharpest quarterly drop in confidence among VCs in the survey's history. Confidence - essentially, a measure of their interest in investing - fell to 3.89 on a scale of 5 in the second quarter. Last quarter, [...]")('2006080', 'The Cablevision Systems Corporation., the biggest cable-television provider in New York state, found discrepancies in stock options grants that might force it to restate results for the past nine years. The date and exercise price assigned to some options granted between 1997 and 2002 did not correspond to the actual grant date and the closing [...]')('2006080', 'After years of staring at optical illusions, a new classic is born.')('2006080', 'Lamont at the voting booth')('2006080', "E.J. Dionne knows whom Joe Lieberman should blame if he loses today's Democratic primary in Connecticut to Ned Lamont: the antiwar center. Lieberman leads Lamont by only 10 points among moderate and conservative Democrats, Dionne writes in his Washington Post column: [O]pposition to the war in Iraq and to Bush has spread well beyond the [...]")('2006080', 'Morning Buzz')('2006080', 'Per The Washington Post\'s politics blog, here are the key questions that today\'s primary vote will (or at least may) answer. * "Will the \'netroots\' turn out?" * "Did Lamont peak too soon?" * "Do newspaper endorsements matter? And if so, which ones?" * "Who wins the black vote?" * How soon do the [pro-Lieberman [...]')('2006080', 'Joe Lieberman. (Brian Snyder/Reuters) Reporters gathered this morning at the New Haven school where Mr. Lieberman will vote shortly, and warring supporters of Mr. Lieberman and Mr. Lamont showed up, too. They were far out numbered by the news cameras, though. One Lamont supporter held up a sign that read Jews for Lamont, provoking sneers [...]')('2006080', "Starting the Vietnam war; Senator George Allen; Martin Peretz and the Democrats; Joel Stein's humor.")('2006080', 'The foodservice and facilities management company Aramark Corporation on Tuesday accepted a higher $6.3 billion offer on Tuesday to be bought out by a group led by its current chief executive and several investment funds. The offer, which was unanimously recommended by a special committee of independent Aramark directors, will give Aramark shareholders $33.80 a [...]')('2006080', "Lieberman's web site crashes again.")('2006080', 'The casino operator Riviera Holdings Corporation said on Tuesday that International Gaming & Entertainment had offered to buy it for about $248.6 million, or $20 a share, competing with an earlier offer from Riv Acquisition Holdings. International Gaming is a newly formed acquisition company affiliated with BT Enterprises, Riviera said. Riviera which is based in [...]')('2006080', "Rent-A-Center, the largest rent-to-own chain in the nation, said Tuesday it plans to purchase a rival, Rent Way, for about $567 million. Rent-A-Center, based in Plano, Tex., said it would pay $10.65 a share for Rent Way. That represents a 29 percent premium over Rent Way's closing price on Monday of $8.23. Rent Way is [...]")('2006080', 'A data storage equipment maker, Brocade Communications Systems, said on Tuesday it would buy the McData Corporation, a maker of switches and software for computerized data storage systems, for $713 million, or $4.61 a share, in stock. Stockholders of McData, which is based in Broomfield, Colo., will own about 30 percent of Brocade upon completion [...]')('2006080', "Connecticut polls have been open for two hours now - we'd love dispatches from Nutmeg voters about the scene at their polling centers today. Ned Lamont just cast his vote at Greenwich High School; he plans to visit the polls in Bridgeport, New Haven, and Hartford, three cities that he hopes will put him over [...]")('2006080', 'Universal Computer Systems has agreed to buy the Reynolds & Reynolds Company for $2.8 billion to combine two providers of information and management services to car dealers, the companies said on Tuesday. Universal, which is privately held, agreed to pay $40 a share for Reynolds. The total price includes assumption of , in a deal [...]')('2006080', 'An aluminum products maker and recycler, Aleris International, said on Tuesday it had agreed to be acquired by a buyout firm, the Texas Pacific Group, in a $1.7 billion deal. Under terms of the agreement which also includes the assumption of $1.6 billion in debt, Texas Pacific will pay $52.50 a share for Aleris, a [...]')('2006080', 'The Atmel Corporation, a maker of memory chips for cellphones and consumer electronics, dismissed its chief executive, George Perlegos; his brother, Gust Perlegos; and two other executives after an investigation into allegations that company travel funds were misused, the company said yesterday. A director, Steven A. Laub, 47, was named chief executive, said Atmel, based [...]')('2006080', 'The video game publisher THQ said on Monday that the Securities and Exchange Commission had requested documents and information related to its stock option grant practices from Jan. 1, 1996, to the present. THQ, known for its games inspired by Nickelodeon and professional wrestling, said it intended to cooperate fully with all matters related to [...]')('2006080', 'The Securities and Exchange Commission said on Monday that it would not challenge a federal appeals court ruling that overturned its new rules for the oversight of hedge funds. Because the appellate court\'s decision was based on several grounds and was unanimous, "further appeal would be futile and would simply delay and distract from our [...]')('2006080', 'The NYSE Group said yesterday that the brokerage firm A.G. Edwards would pay $900,000 to settle claims that it charged customers excessive account fees. NYSE, the owner of the New York Stock Exchange, said that during 2001 and 2004, A.G. Edwards charged some customers who were in nonmanaged fee-based accounts higher fees than if they [...]')('2006080', "It seems that the chief executive of General Motors, Rick Wagoner, is none too pleased with recent leaks of sensitive board information, and he appears to be pointing the finger at Kirk Kerkorian's representative, Jerome York. Mr. Wagoner, in a meeting with editors and reporters at The Los Angeles Times, apparently left no room for [...]")('2006080', 'After Hank Greenberg, the embattled former chairman of the American International Group, filed suit Monday against three A.I.G. employees-and up to 100 co-conspirators- BusinessWeek wonders: Is Mr. Greenberg\'s private insurance empire in trouble? In the suit, Mr. Greenberg alleges that A.I.G. employees have tried to "systematically destroy" the four insurance companies he now runs under [...]')('2006080', 'Martha Stewart, the celebrated domestic tastemaker, reached an agreement yesterday with securities regulators to settle insider-trading accusations, concluding a five-year legal battle that once put a dent in her brand. Under the settlement – the fruit of months of intense negotiations between her lawyers and the Securities and Exchange Commission – Ms. Stewart must pay [...]')('2006080', 'Covent Garden Market and the surrounding piazza, one of the prime shopping locations in Britain, has been bought for 421 million pounds ($802 million) by Capital & Counties, a subsidiary of the FTSE 100 property group Liberty International. The group bought the property from the Covent Garden Market Limited Partnership, which consists of Scottish Widows [...]')('2006080', 'Shares in Morgan Crucible, the British engineering company, surged to a five-year high yesterday after it announced a bid approach believed to be from a private equity firm. The company, whose former chief executive is being sought by American authorities for alleged price-fixing, disclosed that it had received a preliminary approach that could lead to [...]')('2006080', "A London buyout shop, Cinven, will be flying solo in its 2.57 billion euro ($3.3 billion) acquisition of the Italian jet engine and missile-launch systems business Avio, which it bought from the Carlyle Group and the Italian aerospace group Finmeccanica. On Monday, Cinven's partner in the deal, another British private equity shop, BC Partners, dropped [...]")('2006080', 'Bono is not the only rocker involved in the deal to acquire a stake in the Forbes media empire, The New York Times points out. As it happens, venture capitalist and serial deal maker Roger McNamee moonlights as the lead singer and guitarist for the Flying Other Brothers, a Grateful Dead cover band. But it [...]')('2006080', "The sale of a stake in the Forbes family empire to a private equity firm may in large part be due to growing tensions among the children of Malcolm Forbes, as well as the family's dwindling cash pool. According to a report in The New York Times, issues of control have become of concern to [...]")('2006080', 'EverNote said Monday it had raised $6 million in first round financing and named Tom Garland as chief executive officer. EverNote, which provides information-capturing technologies, said the funding would be used to support development, sales and marketing. Mr. Garland was previously at Wilmington, Del.-based Acuitive, a venture services firm that has an office in the [...]')('2006080', 'Kazeon Systems said Monday it received $21 million in its third round of venture capital financing, bringing total investment in the company to $44 million. The Mountain View-based information server said the round was led by Menlo Ventures. Also participating was Focus Ventures, along with all existing investors. Go to Article from San Jose/Silicon Valley [...]')('2006080', 'The Huffington Post said Monday that it had received a $5 million investment from a group led by a venture capital firm, SoftBank Capital, to help it expand.')('2006080', "When Morgan Stanley's chief executive, John Mack, flew to Beijing on June 29, he met with the heads of China's banking and securities regulatory commissions and with Zhou Xiaochuan, governor of the People's Bank of China, the central bank. The visit was Mack's third since he took over Morgan Stanley in June 2005. Morgan Stanley's [...]")('2006080', 'Tortoise Energy Infrastructure said Monday that it would make a public offering of about 1.7 million shares of common stock. Buyers will be entitled to receive a third-quarter dividend on Sept. 1 if the offering closes before Aug. 18, the company said in a release. The company said it would use proceeds of the offering [...]')('2006080', "A steel plate maker, Claymont Steel Holdings, acquired 14 months ago by H.I.G. Capital, filed Monday to sell up to $115 million in an initial public offering of common stock. H.I.G., a private equity firm based in Miami, would pocket no I.P.O. proceeds, all of which will be used to reduce Claymont's $245 million of [...]")('2006080', "Despite hellish conditions in Iraq, Lebanon, and Gaza, both local and international financiers are getting serious about the Middle East as a commercial and investment banking market. With tens of billions of dollars in oil money rolling in each year, fast-growing economies, and increasingly sophisticated corporate and retail customers, there's a need for bigger, more [...]")('2006080', 'TheStreet.com is buying the ratings subsidiary of the Weiss Group. In the next month, the Weiss Ratings service will shed its name and take on TheStreet.com moniker. Founded in 1988, Weiss Ratings is a source of independent ratings and analysis that tracks the risk-adjusted performance of more than 16,000 mutual funds and more than 6,000 [...]')('2006080', "Business software vendor Open Text's $489 million bid for rival Hummingbird is getting unfavorable reviews ahead of a shareholder vote on the deal in late September. Some analysts say Hummingbird could have fetched an even higher price than that included in the agreement announced by the Toronto-based company late Friday. Go to Article from The [...]")('2006080', "The European commission looks set to fight a battle on two fronts: one against the Italian government's decision to block a takeover by the Spanish motorway operator Abertis of its Italian rival Autostrade; and another against moves by Spanish regulators to block Endesa's full acquisition by E.ON of Germany. Officials said the commission, which has [...]")('2006080', "It appears that News Corporation's bet on MySpace is paying off - and Google will be footing the bill. Google emerged victorious in a bidding war to provide search services and advertising to MySpace.com, the social networking phenomenon, and other Web sites owned by the News Corporation. The search engine giant agreed to pay a [...]")('2006080', '"Have we forgotten our ethics?" Eliot Spitzer once asked. For Mr. Spitzer, it was a rhetorical question. Business ethics, viewed through the smudged prism of corporate chicanery, hadn\'t been merely forgotten, but ignored - and, perhaps, even disdained. Mr. Spitzer, New York\'s attorney general, made it his mission to seek out and punish those had [...]')('2006080', 'In this lesson, students practice observing and recording the details of a specimen. In pairs, they collect and record observations about a particular specimen they find in the wild and write a detailed description of it for a comprehensive field guide.')('2006080', 'Empire Zone: Live blogging all day.')('2006080', "Arts, Briefly; No Pope at Madonna's Crucifix")('2006080', 'New York Knicks will introduce new small forward Jared Jeffries (M)0')('2006080', 'Photo of Javier Soriano, director of Mexicanos Unidos')('2006080', "Six letters comment on Aug 7 article and editorial about conflict in Lebanon; Richard W Bennett says in order for truce to work, international community must have will to enforce it; Kenneth Freedland says proposed solution makes unrealistic assumptions about international community's participation; Nancy Bennett O'Hagen says proposed cease-fire is double standard; Morton A Klein, President of Zionist Organization of America, says only solution is to disarm and dismantle Hezbollah, not to appease it; May Taylor Doherty says Hamas and Hezbollah have proved themselves by providing economic and social support; George Jochnowitz says Hezbollah's use of citizens as human shields negates any trace of charity")('2006080', 'Gayle Jo Carter letter on August 1 article about child passenger involved in car accident suggests 11-month-old was not properly restrained')('2006080', 'David Levy, leader of reform wing of New York Democratic Party and former justice, dies at age 79 (M)')('2006080', 'Q & A column dispels rumors that intestinal parasites are being studied to see if they can help person lose weight (S)')('2006080', 'Bush administration is looking for ways to prevent surge in illegal immigration from Cuba with fate of Fidel Castro still unclear; says is considering setting up system that will speed immigration process for Cubans with close relatives in United States who have entry applications pending; this will not increase number of Cubans annually given permission to enter country, but will give people with families in US higher priority (M)')('2006080', 'World Anti-Doping Agency head Dick Pound discusses uphill fight to rid sports of doping, which has been admittedly easier since allegations that Tour de France winner Floyd Landis and sprinter Justin Gatlin used banned substances; photos (M)')('2006080', 'Clyde Haberman NYC column on public reaction against movies World Trade Center and United 93; says some people feel that it is too soon after terrorist attacks to release movies about them; suggests people who are bothered by movies can cope by just not seeing them; Sept 11; concludes that public must decide whether Sept 11 is open to artistic freedom or too sacred to touch (M)')('2006080', 'Connecticut Sen Joseph I Lieberman and antiwar candidate Ned Lamont increase their campaigning on final day before Democratic senatorial primary; photo (M)')('2006080', 'Research suggests that chronic exposure to air fresheners can cause lung problems; drawing (M)')('2006080', "Fu-Tin Man letter on Jane E Brody August 1 Personal Health column suggests use of fingerprint chip in gun trigger to prevent accidents; Brian Villmoare letter on same article says that information given in column is misleading; Thomas Vasti letter on column warning about guns in home describes National Rifle Assn program to protect children from firearm accidents; John R Lott Jr letter on same Personal Health article holds that following Brody's suggestions would lead to more deaths rather than save lives; Sonya Barge letter on August 1 Personal Health column urges parents to find out if there are guns in homes where their children play")('2006080', "Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador, defeated leftist candidate in Mexico's July presidential election, says he and followers want not only recount of ballots but overhaul of country's democratic institutions (S)")('2006080', 'Dr Daniel Halevy letter on August 1 article about doctors suggests that doctors who give up their clinical practice may positively impact more people through their nonclinical contributions; Dr Joseph A Stirt letter on same article says that best doctors may not be most highly rated by their patients')('2006080', 'Letter from Mary Alice Carr, Vice President of Naral Pro-Choice New York, contends it makes no sense to keep emergency contraception such as Plan B from teenagers (Aug 2 editorial)')('2006080', 'Photo of Kansas City Chiefs players and coaches')('2006080', 'American Airlines flight to Boston returns to London after United States authorities match name of passenger to name on security watch list; no arrests are made (S)')('2006080', 'Dr John Mendelsohn letter say he believes research on embryonic stem cells will lead to important advances in biomedical research and new approaches to treatment of disease (July 23 Frank Rich column)')('2006080', 'Caroline L Herzenberg letter on August 1 article about alchemy describes contributions of female alchemist Maria of Alexandria; Harold M Cobb letter on same article discusses discovery of stainless steel in 1912')('2006080', "Seven letters comment on Aug 6 editorial about possible exit strategy in Iraq, and Aug 3 and 6 articles; Sen Joseph R Biden Jr scores editorial for suggesting that Democrats' position on Iraq is nothing more than call for phased withdrawal; offers suggestions he made in letter to Pres Bush; Ted Bonner suggests containment and three-state solution as joint strategies; Stuart Lempert agrees that there is lack of political backbone in both parties, but says Republicans have earned extra portion of shame for playing politics while putting innocent people in danger; Arthur L Yeager says it is naive to suggest reliance on neighboring countries for solution to Iraq war; says only plan that will work is to leave and let Iraqis resolve problems; Deena Linett wonders why more Americans are not outraged by Pres Bush for setting back American relations with Muslim world; Anne Krick points to disconnect between what American soldiers are trained to do and what they are being asked to do; Edward Ost blames policy makers for ignoring lessons of history")('2006080', 'Thirteen Democratic New York State Assembly members send letter to Public Service Commission accusing Consolidated Edison of contributing to recent blackout in Queens by failing to maintain its power-distribution network properly and ignoring warnings from previous power failures (S)')('2006080', "Somalia's transitional government dissolves cabinet and vows to reassemble with more unified group of ministers within week, hoping to strengthen government; Ethiopian diplomats, including Ambassador Abdul Azis Ahmed Adam, brokered deal (S)")('2006080', 'Denise Grady Second Opinion article discusses availability of new genetic test that can determine existence of gene variant that plays role in development of Type 2 diabetes; questions whether information, which is inconclusive, is beneficial for patient to learn; experts say that test could prove valuable at some point, but does not currently provide enough information to be used in most cases; drawing (M)')('2006080', 'Members of Red Hat Society gather to atteny')('2006080', 'Dr Franz H Messerli letter on August 1 article about medical journals suggests that conflict of interest policy should include providing information about advertising revenues')('2006080', 'Investigation into theft of 221 objects from State Hermitage Museum in St Petersburg, Russia, leads to husband and son of curator Larisa Zavadskaya, who had been responsible for collection, confirming initial police theory that $5 million art theft was inside job; Boris Boyarskow, director of federal agency responsible for overseeing museums, blames poor wages of curators for 50 to 100 thefts a year at Russian museums (S)')('2006080', 'Raymond D Gastil letter on August 1 article about moon colonies describes work of Prof Freeman Dyson, Princeton University Institute for Advanced Study physicist who has done extensive work on possibility of developing space colonies; Gregg E Maryniak letter on same article says that resources on moon could be used on earth')('2006080', 'Updated: Complete Connecticut coverage, including results of New York Times/CBS voter surveys.')('2006080', 'The Lieberman Web site follies continue.')('2006080', 'Kevin Baker looks back on more than a century of change in his Upper West Side neighborhood.')('2006080', 'The author recalls his time as an artist in residence at the Atlantic Center for the Arts.')('2006080', "Tasini: Lamont's no progressive.")('2006080', 'A Q & A with Christine Amanpour on broadband news and the future of news coverage.')('2006080', "Vice President Dick Cheney, in a telephone interview with wire service reporters this afternoon, said he wanted to chat a bit about the Connecticut Senate primary. Here are some excerpts, per the White House transcript. (I was not on the call.) THE VICE PRESIDENT: I was - obviously, we're all interested in this year's election [...]")('2006080', 'The failures of four key players -- Israel, the United States, Hezbollah and the United Nations -- are making the war even more dangerous for Lebanon.')('2006080', '2 Republicans in New York Senate race to debate.')('2006080', "What a restaurant should do if it can't seat you immediately.")('2006080', "Broadband Network News doesn't exist...yet. But just wait.")('2006080', 'Just spoke with Joe Lieberman, who emphatically denied that he or any of his aides has heard anything from Karl Rove. "That\'s pretty hilarious," the senator said of the ABC report. – Jennifer Medina')('2006080', 'Sharesleuth, the "investigative business news" Web site financed by the entrepreneur and Dallas Mavericks owner Mark Cuban, has published its first article, a probe of an ethanol producer called Xethanol. Gary Weiss, a former Business Week reporter who now writes books about Wall Street corruption, has been criticizing Sharesleuth since before it launched. Mr. Cuban [...]')('2006080', 'Readers respond to Thomas L. Friedman\'s Aug. 9 column, "Buffett and Hezbollah." Patrick Taylor, Bonita Springs, Fla.: The Israeli response to what could have been treated as a border dispute gets exactly the opposite result to the desired one. The Bush administration\'s embrace of Israel\'s actions just makes matters worse. Our chance of America ever [...]')('2006080', 'ABC News is reporting that Karl Rove has reached out to the Lieberman camp "with a message straight from the Oval Office." Karl: "The boss wants to help. Whatever we can do, we will do." ABC is sourcing it to a senior Lieberman adviser. We\'ve asked the White House to confirm/deny/amplify; awaiting word. – Patrick [...]')('2006080', 'Ned Lamont celebrating Tuesday night. (Bob Falcetti/Getty Images) We just returned from the "unity press conference" held at the headquarters of the Connecticut Democratic Party in Hartford. There was all sorts of talk about all sorts of primary races that concluded yesterday, but of course topic one was Ned Lamont and Joe Lieberman. All eyes [...]')('2006080', 'Hillary Clinton to Support Lamont')('2006080', 'The Independent candidate for Senate -- no, not Lieberman.')('2006080', 'Shares in German memory chip maker Qimonda debuted at $13.50 on the New York Stock Exchange on Wednesday, slightly above the issue price which the company had been forced to cut to $13 by weak demand. The listing raised a maximum of $628 million, half of what was originally planned, after the price and amount [...]')('2006080', 'When sitting down to dinner feels like a major accomplishment.')('2006080', "Chalk up another victim of this year's initial public offering market. Internet registrar Go Daddy Group said late Tuesday that it will scrap its planned I.P.O. Go Daddy, which was perhaps most notable for its risque Super Bowl ads, had retained Lehman Brothers to manage its offering. The Scottsdale, Ariz.-based company has run in the [...]")('2006080', "Neenah Paper said on Wednesday it had agreed to buy FiberMark's German subsidiaries for $218 million. The transaction is expected to close early in the fourth quarter. In 2005, FiberMark Germany's operating income was $29 million on net sales of $221 million, Neenah Paper said. Go to Article from Reuters via Yahoo » Go to [...]")('2006080', "There are a couple of ways to establish yourself as a big-ticket baron. You can buy a newspaper, for example. Or you can own a major-league sports team. A number of individuals have tried the former lately; see McClatchy's sale of the former Knight Ridder properties, aborted attempts at buying The Los Angeles Times and [...]")('2006080', 'The Daily Politics has some good video of Representative Maxine Waters kissing the ring of bloggers everywhere at Ned Lamont\'s victory party last night. "You have just upset the status quo for real," Ms. Waters said. "Blogging has got to be the thing." – Patrick Healy')('2006080', 'The Royal Bank of Canada\'s RBC Centura Banks unit said on Wednesday it had agreed to buy the Flag Financial Corporation of Atlanta in a deal valued at about $456 million, or $25.50 a share. Georgia and the metropolitan Atlanta area are "strategic" to RBC Centura\'s growth in the southeastern United States, the company said. [...]')('2006080', 'Three private equity firms in the United States have made bids of about 1.2 billion euros ($1.55 billion) to buy a stake in government-backed ship financier HSH Nordbank of Germany from the German bank WestLB, a source close to the matter told Reuters. WestLB confirmed on Wednesday that it had received a number of offers [...]')('2006080', 'The mortgage giant Fannie Mae informed the Securities and Exchange Commission on Wednesday that it would not be able to file its financial report for the second quarter on time. The company did not request a five-day extension beyond the Aug. 9 due date, saying it would not meet that deadline either. Fannie Mae, the [...]')('2006080', "Just in: Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg has endorsed Senator Joseph I. Lieberman's re-election bid. The Mayor called Mr. Lieberman a fine public servant who rises above partisan politics and said that he would campaign for the Senator if asked. And perhaps most tantalizingly, the mayor said that - with regard to his own brand of [...]")('2006080', "The Walt Disney Company said on Wednesday it plans to sell its stake in the celebrity magazine Us Weekly for about $300 million. The deal is expected to close in the fall, Tom Staggs, Disney's chief financial officer, told analysts on a morning conference call. Disney agreed to purchase a half stake in the magazine [...]")('2006080', "With the news that 3i's 4.3 billion euro ($5.5 billion) has beaten its fundraising targets, whispers of a buyout bid have begun floating about, The Financial Times (cited by the Controlled Greed blog) reported Wednesday. One of the smaller private-equity shops, and one with a venture capital component, London-based 3i's portfolio and its success in [...]")('2006080', 'Morning Buzz')('2006080', 'If you need to look extra important on a hot date, a new Internet service will make your cellphone ring at a predetermined time.')('2006080', 'The Hilton Hotels Corporation said on Wednesday it might sell all or part of its Scandic brand of hotels. Hilton acquired Scandic, located primarily in Sweden, Norway, Finland and Denmark, as part of its recent acquisition of the lodging assets of the Hilton Group Plc. Go to Article from Reuters via Yahoo » Go to [...]')('2006080', 'The market for initial public offerings this year can be described charitably as "soft," and that it would claim yet another victim is no surprise. But the I.P.O. of Alien Technology, which was pulled last Friday, had less to do with weak demand for offerings and more to do with concerns over a larger scandal [...]')('2006080', "The comic strip Garfield; Syria's ambassador to the U.S.")('2006080', "The Bank of America Corporation said on Wednesday it would sell the last of BankBoston's Latin American assets, those in Chile and Uruguay, for about $650 million in stock in the Brazilian banking giant Itau. After the deal, Bank of America, which had previously agreed to sell its Brazilian BankBoston operations to Itau through a [...]")('2006080', 'Private-equity firm First Reserve said on Wednesday it had launched a record $7.8 billion fund to invest in energy equipment, manufacturing and service companies. The fund, called First Reserve Fund XI L.P., will focus on companies that benefit from increasing energy infrastructure spending and infrastructure assets, First Reserve said. Demand for energy investments is strong [...]')('2006080', "Cenveo, a commercial printing company, said on Wednesday it had offered to buy the Banta Corporation, another printing company, for $46 a share. In response, Banta has told Cenveo that it is not for sale and has not returned recent telephone calls and e-mails, according to a letter Cenveo sent to Banta's chief executive, Stephanie [...]")('2006080', "Philadelphia-based StarCite and Santa Clara, Calif., company OnVantage planned to announce today a merger of their two Web-based meetings-management firms. Officials with the two companies did not disclose terms of the transaction, but said no cash or stock would change hands in what they dubbed a merger of equals. The deal will double StarCite's size [...]")('2006080', "As private-equity firms spend and spend and spend - one estimate values of the last three weeks's buyouts at $61 billion - The Financial Times's Lex column cautions that the current mania could rank as a colossal folly. For one, there's far too much incoming money in search of deals. If one assumes that 80 [...]")('2006080', 'ITV bowed to shareholder pressure and removed Charles Allen as chief executive yesterday, as the British broadcaster\'s chairman said he might rename the company to distance it from the travails of ITV1. Sir Peter Burt, chairman of ITV, said investors had demanded action following a "perfect storm" of poor ratings and falling advertising revenues at [...]')('2006080', "Shares of R.R. Donnelley & Sons closed up nearly 5 percent Monday on speculation that the Chicago-based commercial printer has held talks with leveraged buyout firms. A person close to the situation confirmed Monday that Donnelley, the world's biggest printing company, is in fact being eyed by two groups of private equity firms, with one [...]")('2006080', "Sun Capital Partners is close to acquiring Real Mex Restaurants, a casual-dining chain that owns and operates restaurants under such names as Acapulco, El Torito and Chevy's Fresh Mex names, from primary shareholder Bruckmann Rosser Sherrill, according to LBO Wire. With Real Mex's projected 2006 earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization of about $60 [...]")('2006080', 'In a secondary deal valued at about $1.21 billion, Boston buyout shop Berkshire Partners has acquired a majority stake in extended warranty services provider N.E.W. Customer Service from prior backers TH Lee Putnam Ventures and Freeman Spogli. Berkshire is putting as much as $350 million of equity into the deal, a person with knowledge of [...]')('2006080', 'Venture capital and private equity firm 3i Group said Tuesday it led a $10 million fourth round of financing for OrthoClear Holdings. OrthoClear Holdings is the parent of OrthoClear, a San Francisco company locked in a bitter legal battle with Santa Clara-based rival Align Technology. Both companies sell transparent braces for cosmetic straightening of teeth. [...]')('2006080', 'Tendril Networks announced Tuesday that it secured $5.25 million in Series B venture funding and appointed Adrian Tuck as its new C.E.O. The financing round was provided by three Colorado-based venture capital firms, Vista Venture, Access Venture Partners and Appian Ventures. Lafayette-based Tendril develops software for wireless sensor networks. Go to The Denver Business Journal [...]')('2006080', 'Sentito Networks, a seller of infrastructure equipment to telecommunications companies, has scored a $6 million financing round. Its latest round was led by Columbus Nova Capital. Other participants include previous Sentito investors such as Core Capital Partners of the District, Inflection Point Ventures, Kodiak Venture Partners, Mid-Atlantic Venture Funds and Technology Venture Partners. Go to [...]')('2006080', "Vonage Chairman Jeffrey Citron bought $1.26 million of the Internet phone company's stock for less than $7 a share, three months after an initial public offering at $17. Mr. Citron, 35, who is also co-founder and chief strategist of Holmdel, N.J.-based Vonage, bought the shares on Aug. 4 at $6.41 to $6.90 each, he said [...]")('2006080', "A cultural movement is real when the money men get on board, according to BusinessWeek, and that's just where they are on clean energy. In just the past year a broad swath of financiers - venture capitalists, hedge funds, investment banks, public pension funds, and even stodgy insurers - have begun sinking billions of dollars [...]")('2006080', "The Hamptons' largest privately owned residential real estate firm is being purchased by the country's largest real estate broker. Realogy, the recent spinoff of Cendant, has agreed to buy Allan Schneider Associates for what is rumored to be close to $40 million, The New York Post reported. Go to Article from The New York Post [...]")('2006080', 'Business forays into China could become both easier and harder under Commerce Ministry rules covering foreign investment and takeovers published on Wednesday. The regulations give foreign buyers explicit authorization for the first time to pay for stakes in Chinese companies in shares instead of cash, but they also confer broad new powers to block investments [...]')('2006080', 'Emdeon late Tuesday said it has agreed to sell its practice services unit, a software and services vendor that caters to physicians and small health clinics, to Sage Software for $565 million in cash. The health-care information services unveiled plans to explore strategic alternatives for its practice services and business services units back in February. [...]')('2006080', 'The firing of Atmel Chairman and Chief Executive Officer George Perlegos and his brother Gust, the executive vice president, may re-open the door for one major shareholder to push for the sale of the chipmaker. The brothers were tossed by the board Monday following an internal probe into "misuse of corporate travel funds" that involved [...]')('2006080', 'Rupert Murdoch on Tuesday dispelled rumors that News Corporation was planning to swap a stake in SKY Italia, a money-losing Italian satellite television service provider, for a stake in Italian telecoms operator Telecom Italia. Mr. Murdoch appeared said that that the two companies were in early discussions only about selling programming. "There\'s nothing serious going [...]')('2006080', 'Teck Cominco said Tuesday it has no intention of negotiating a new offer to purchase Inco. In a statement, the company said it "is not in, and has no plans to enter into, discussions or negotiations with Inco Ltd. regarding Teck Cominco\'s offer to acquire all of the outstanding shares of Inco." Teck has made [...]')('2006080', 'Cinemark USA said Tuesday that it is acquiring California-based Century Theatres for an undisclosed amount of cash and stock. The deal, subject to antitrust and financing approval, will create one of the biggest players in the movie exhibition industry. Cinemark, acquired by Chicago private equity firm Madison Dearborn Partners in 2004, had $1.02 billion in [...]')('2006080', "Billionaire U.S. investor Carl Icahn and hedge fund manager Warren Lichtenstein won a 2.8 trillion won ($2.9 billion) victory in their tussle with South Korea's biggest tobacco maker, KT&G. The company, under pressure from the U.S. investors to improve returns, will buy back and cancel 12 million shares over the next three months, or 7.5 [...]")('2006080', 'The Dean Foods Company said on Wednesday it had agreed to sell its operations in Spain and Portugal to Lactogal Productos Alimentares, a dairy producer in Portugal. Terms were not disclosed. Go to Article from Reuters »')('2006080', "Morgan Stanley said on Wednesday it had agreed to acquire a residential mortgage lender and servicer, Saxon Capital, for $706 million to expand its mortgage businesses. Morgan Stanley, based in New York, said it would pay $14.10 a share for Saxon, which is based in Glen Allen Va. Saxon's shares closed at $10.97 on Tuesday. [...]")('2006080', 'U.S. Marshals are closing in on a network they say is helping a hedge fund manager who fled the country before his sentencing - including by supplying chemotherapy medicine, The New York Post reported Wednesday. Angelo Haligiannis, 33, who cheated investors in his Sterling Watters Group out of $78 million, has been on the run [...]')('2006080', 'The Dutch banking giant ABN Amro faces up to $100 million in losses from aggressively lending to the decimated hedge fund run by the former president of the New York Mercantile Exchange, Robert "Bo" Collins, The New York Post reported Wednesday. The massive bloodletting could threaten ABN\'s $386 million deal to sell its global futures [...]')('2006080', 'Xtent has registered for an initial public offering of as much as $103.5 million in common stock, according to a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Menlo Park, Calif.-based firm is a development-stage medical device company that hopes to market drug stent systems for the treatment of coronary artery disease. Xtent did not [...]')('2006080', "Last week, for the second time in three years, a Senate subcommittee described Seattle's Quellos Group, a hedge fund of funds, as a maker and seller of abusive tax shelters, focusing on a high-end shelter that helped five wealthy clients shield $2 billion in taxes. The firm has rejected such characterizations, saying that its tax [...]")('2006080', 'The New York attorney general won a motion Tuesday to have the central claim in his lawsuit against Richard A. Grasso, the former chairman and chief executive of the New York Stock Exchange, heard by the judge rather than a jury. In addition, the judge in the case, Justice Charles E. Ramos of New York [...]')('2006080', "John L. Weinberg, a scion of a Goldman Sachs dynasty who led the investment bank through times good and bad, died Monday at his home in Greenwich, Conn. at the age of 81. Serving at the firm for 40 years, the no-nonsense Mr. Weinberg's tenure as its chief included a $500 million financing deal with [...]")('2006080', 'In this lesson, students learn about the increasing popularity and importance of cellular phones among Iraqi youths. They then create informative guides and compose letters to send to students living in countries currently experiencing turmoil that address topics such as popular culture and daily life.')('2006080', "Reality show You're the One That We Want will feature musical theater hopefuls who will be selected by viewer votes to star in leading roles of revival of musical Grease on Broadway, to be directed and choreographed by Kathleen Marshall (S)")('2006080', "Letters on Bob Herbert's August 7 column and Sen Hillary Clinton's position on Iraq; Mike Leonard debunks fallacy that Iraq is good war gone bad, saying neoconservative myth of democracy flowering in Mideast was either pipe dream, cynical propaganda or both; Michael Boyajian praises Clinton for elaborating her position on war by taking on Sec Donald Rumsfeld; Barbara Balaban says Clinton-Rumsfeld confrontation at committee hearing was strictly political theater; Roger Rathman predicts organized Democratic effort against Clinton for her war position if she ventures into presidential primaries; Robert Proctor recalls that overwhelming vote to authorize war was based on Bush's explicit claims about Iraq's weapons of mass destruction")('2006080', 'Letter from former Rep David Bonior and Sierra Club president Carl Pope, members of board of American Rights at Work, on right of EPA employees to form and participate in unions; implores agency to call on Congress to shore up organizing rights')('2006080', 'New York Mets claim outfielder Ricky Ledee off waivers from Los Angeles Dodgers(S)8')('2006080', 'New York Yankees player Robinson Cano returns to lineup after hamstring injury; photo (M)')('2006080', 'Rock band Hawthorne Heights files suit against independent label Victory Records to terminate its recording contract, accusing label of cheating band out of royalties by underreporting sales figures and overcharging for its services; photo (S)')('2006080', 'Ken Sofer letter on Congress reversing policy of referring to French fries in its cafeteria as freedom fries; warns of domino effect that could have lawmakers feasting on French bread, French toas and French onion soup')('2006080', 'Mark Bittman The Minimalist column offers recipe for cold cherry soup with mango (M)')('2006080', 'Simple but delicious party food that can be prepared in advance using freshest ingredients takes pressure off host; recipes; photo (M)')('2006080', 'Supporters of defeated Mexican presidential candidate Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador seize tollbooths on major highways into Mexico City, giving motorists free passage; action is part of continuing protest against allegedly fraudulent presidential elections in July; photo (S)')('2006080', 'Edward A Bunyard book The Anatomy of Dessert, published in 1929, has been reprinted; photo (S)')('2006080', 'Zurich American Insurance and Wausau, two of seven insurers sued in June by developer Larry A Silverstein and Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, agree to pay more than $100 million for construction at World Trade Center site; Gov George E Pataki, Mayor Michael R Bloomberg and Sen Charles E Schumer all pressured insurers to pay and let rebuilding go forward; five other insurers are obligated to pay $1.36 billion; photo (S)')('2006080', 'Google signs deal with University of California system to scan many of its 34 million volumes and make them searchable online through Google Book Search program (S)')('2006080', "Summer's latest cocktail ingredient is tomato water, clear but flavorful juice; photos (S)")('2006080', 'Peter Applebome column on difficulty of challenging incumbent in primary election, as Ned Lamont successfully did in beating Sen Joseph I Lieberman in Democratic primary in Connecticut (M)')('2006080', 'Emery Roth II letter on Republican-backed immigration hearings says Democrats should be out front holding own hearings instead of wringing their hands')('2006080', 'Thousands of hopefuls line up in Pasadena, Calif, for auditions for reality show American Idol; photo (M)')('2006080', 'Wal-Mart Stores dismisses Bernstein-Rein by eliminating it from account review; five other agencies are proceeding in review (S)')('2006080', 'Pairings column offers recipe for sangrita, which can be used as chaser with tequila or ingredient in food or drinks; recipe for marinating pork in sangrita (M)')('2006080', 'Harvard University is ranked first in preseason Ivy League poll (M)0')('2006080', "Roadside bomb kills town prosecutor in Buinaksk, Russia, in southern region of Dagestan; two police officers are killed when unidentified attackers later open fire on motorcade of Dagestan's interior minister as he investigates bombing; he is uninjured (S)")('2006080', 'Louis Vallejo fatally shoots himself at bar in Queens after allegedly shooting to death his former girlfriend, Carolina Perez (S)')('2006080', "Sen Joseph I Lieberman's defeat in Democratic primary in Connecticut is stunning fall for three-term incumbent; he confirms that he will run as independent in November; Democrats nationwide hope he will change his mind and spare himself and party contentious race; photo (M)")('2006080', "Text of Federal Reserve's statement on decision to leave interest rates unchanged (S)")('2006080', 'Drawings by architect Yakov Chernikhov worth several million dollars are stolen from Russian State Archive of Literature and Art (S)')('2006080', 'Roll and Dough, Chinese restaurant in Flushing, Queens, specializes in sesame-coate d filled pastry known as bing; photos (S)')('2006081', "Lieberman's crash: A crime or just heavy traffic?")('2006081', 'Cathleen Schine and her friend take the bus to the Museum of the City of New York.')('2006081', 'The author recalls the collages he once made to remember his travels.')('2006081', 'Gershom Gorenberg reflects on how the legacy of Yitzhak Rabin might have brought Israel closer to peace with its neighbors.')('2006081', 'Hillary Clinton Challengers Fued After Debate')('2006081', "Tasini's new ad is a talker.")('2006081', "Where Cowen has stumbled - and where Ryan Beck hasn't even tried - Evercore Partners aims to succeed. The boutique investment bank differs from its peers that have gone public, argues TheStreet.com's Lauren Rae Silva. Led by former Treasury Deputy Secretary Roger Altman, Evercore will roll out its shares Friday after what sources said was [...]")('2006081', 'Updated Blog Blast: Lieberman changes message on "crashed" Web site')('2006081', 'Ned Lamont. (Mike Segar/Reuters) Just spoke with Ned Lamont about Joe Lieberman\'s latest hit - that Mr. Lamont\'s deadline for withdrawing American troops from Iraq would amount to a "victory" for extremists like those under arrest in Britain. Ned asked me to read him Joe\'s quote, twice. "Wow," Mr. Lamont said finally, speaking by telephone [...]')('2006081', 'Mark Cuban has employed the "I know you are, but what am I?" defense in his ongoing dispute with a financial journalist who has questioned the ethics of Sharesleuth, Mr. Cuban\'s new Web publication that investigates companies\' business practices. Mr. Cuban, a media entrepreneur and owner of the Dallas Mavericks, is sticking to his argument [...]')('2006081', "They have joined forces to bid on wireless spectrum. Now, Matthew Wurtzel asks on the Dealscape blog, could a merger of Rupert Murdoch's DirecTV Group and EchoStar Communications be far behind? The two satellite-TV archrivals have already joined a consortium called Wireless DB to bid in the largest-ever Federal Communications Commission auction of wireless spectrum [...]")('2006081', 'Osama bin Laden knows digital video.')('2006081', "(Brian Snyder/Reuters) Joe Lieberman just tried to remind Connecticut voters that he is beating Ned Lamont, 18 years to zero, on their track records for fighting terrorism and supporting national defense. In an extraordinary injection of politics into a national security issue, Mr. Lieberman - the loser to Mr. Lamont in Tuesday's Democratic primary - [...]")('2006081', 'The Connecticut A.F.L.-C.I.O. and its 200,000 members may sit out the general election for United States Senate, said John Olsen, president of the Connecticut A.F.L.-C.I.O. At its June convention, the coalition of unions backed Sen. Joseph Lieberman through the Democratic primary but decided to hold off on making endorsements for the general election. Now labor [...]')('2006081', "Stories of hedge funds ganging up on innocent companies read like dog-bites-man tales these days. But what about when a hedge fund claims it was ripped off? That's what Okumus Capital has done, insinuating possible insider trading in Mercury Interactive before Hewlett-Packard bought the troubled software company for $4.5 billion last month, TheStreet.com's Matthew Goldstein [...]")('2006081', 'Karl Rove today clarified reports that he had called Joe Lieberman offering his help in the general election campaign: "I called him. He\'s a personal friend, and I called him," Rove said. "I called him the afternoon of – Tuesday afternoon, 5 o\'clock thereabout, and wished him well in his election that night." Asked to [...]')('2006081', 'Readers respond to Bob Herbert\'s Aug. 10 column, "Deceit Beyond Bounds" Betty E. Whitehead, Melbourne, Fla.: There is no question that the minimum wage should be increased, but not in the manner in which Congress tried to tie it in to the estate tax repeal. Akin to this is the plight of we senior citizens [...]')