('2006050', "Bill O'Reilly is on the warpath again, accusing me of writing about Darfur as a career-advancement tool, and saying that Iraq and Darfur are all the same - if you support intervention for one, then you should support it for the other. I won't address the notion that I wade into war zones for self-advancement, [...]")('2006050', 'The following piece is a short work of fiction. I wrote it through the eys of a local Iraqi man, who is a figment of my imagination. Much of the information and actual events I am privy to here are classified, but in this fashion I can share some of the realities about the Iraqi [...]')('2006050', 'Clement Price, a long-time Newark resident, teacher of a course on city history and director of the Rutgers Institute on Ethnicity, Culture, and the Modern Experience, knows a thing or two about the racial politics of Newark. He is rarely shocked by the angry tone or insults hurled between candidates. But he said today that [...]')('2006050', 'It is payout time for managing directors of Greenhill & Company. Nearly two years after the boutique investment bank staged its initial public offering, Greenhill said in a press release Monday afternoon that it plans to file with securities regulators for a secondary offering of 4.025 million shares. The shares are all held by current [...]')('2006050', "We've counted up the entries in the Win A Trip contest, and we had a grand total of 3,797 entries in the Win-A-Trip contest. Hmmm. I must say, the contest seemed like a much better idea before the boxes of entries poured in. My researcher, Winter Miller, has been poring over them - which means [...]")('2006050', 'Ronald L. Rice (John Marshall Mantel/The New York Times) Earlier this year, as Cory Booker was hustling around Newark, building support for his mayoral campaign, Ronald L. Rice could only twiddle his thumbs, waiting to see if Mayor Sharpe James would announce his decision not to run. After Mayor James did, and Mr. Rice made [...]')('2006050', 'Peter Applebome had a column in The New York Times over the weekend asking whether Cory Booker\'s political abilities would be enough to help him cope with Newark\'s many problems. The headline pretty much says it all: "Where Winning Isn\'t Easy, but It\'s Easier Than Governing." The Star-Ledger ran a profile on Mr. Booker, leading [...]')('2006050', "The latest divisive national question appears to be, Was Stephen Colbert funny at the White House Correspondents' Association dinner on Saturday night? Two certainties can be ascertained about Colbert's performance: The liberal blogosphere loved it, and the people in the room didn't. (If you didn't catch it on C-SPAN, YouTube has the video of Colbert's [...]")('2006050', "The grisly death of real estate developer Andrew Kissel has gripped the wealthy community of Greenwich, Conn., where he lived, and brought back memories of the highly publicized death of his brother, who had been a prominent banker for Goldman Sachs and then Merrill Lynch in Hong Kong. In this week's cover story, New York [...]")('2006050', 'Plenty of readers, including many teachers, were indignant at my Sunday column calling for easier accreditation of teachers in public schools. Here\'s a sampling....Ann writes: "I taught art with an alternative certification....the principal who hired me wanted an artist instead of an art teacher.... I loved the job. I loved the kids. After getting my [...]')('2006050', 'Two investment firms have taken a "substantial interest" in software maker Primavera Systems as part of a recapitalization of the company, the firms and Primavera announced on Monday. Terms of the investment from Francisco Partners and Insight Venture Partners were not disclosed, but an article from The Daily Deal– in which Primavera Systems founder and [...]')('2006050', "The Darfur rallies in Washington and around the country went better than expected and got good press attention, including front-page notice in both the NY Times and the Washington Post. That's unusual, because in general the press tends to be dismissive of rallies, thinking that they're gimmicks to grab attention. And I gather that the [...]")('2006050', 'The 100 highest-grossing law firms in the United States have seen huge gains in both revenues and staff - but that could end soon, according to American Lawyer magazine, which released its latest annual rankings, the Am Law 100, on Monday. "All those additional lawyers are a drag on growth of revenue per lawyer," the [...]')('2006050', 'Readers respond to Paul Krugman\'s May 1 column, "Death By Insurance" Peter Meyer, Taylor Mill, Ky.: I know a rhetorical question when I see one, and you know how to write one. The answer to your question about extending Medicare to all Americans, of course, lies in two items that are covered in that gap [...]')('2006050', 'IndyMac Bancorp, a California-based home mortgage lender, said Monday it was considering offering a 20 percent stake of its reverse-mortgage business in an initial public offering. IndyMac estimated that the unit, Financial Freedom Senior Funding, originated $1.1 billion in loans and earned $8 million in the first quarter of 2006. In the past six years [...]')('2006050', 'Readers respond to David Brooks\'s Apr. 30 column, "Lunch Period Poli Sci": Tim Garrity, San Clemente, Calif.: I teach high school English in the somewhat affluent suburb of Mission Viejo in Orange County, Calif. I can assure you that high school has changed. While Mission Viejo is predominantly, and dramatically, conservative and Christian, my classes [...]')('2006050', 'Readers respond to Bob Herbert\'s May 1 column, "Warfare as It Really Is." Yolanda Turner, Grosse Pointe, Mich.: Thank you for another fine article. It certainly reminds us of the terrible toll this war is taking on our young people and on so many innocent Iraqis. I believe that many of us count the number [...]')('2006050', 'The chairman of Aramark, a provider of facilities management services to sports stadiums and other businesses, has teamed with several buyout firms in a bid to take the company private. The group, which includes Goldman Sachs affiliate GS Capital Partners, J.P. Morgan Partners, Thomas H. Lee Partners and Warburg Pincus, said it plans to raise [...]')('2006050', 'Comverse announced Monday that its founder and chief executive, as well as other members of senior management, would step down as the software maker continues to conduct an internal investigation related to its stock option grants. Shares in Comverse, a maker of business software, rose nearly 4 percent on Monday after the resignations were announced. [...]')('2006050', 'In the Los Angeles Times, Dave Zirin-the author of "What\'s My Name, Fool?: Sports and Resistance in the United States" -suggests that stripping baseball fans of stars like Albert Pujols would cripple the sport. Zirin writes: The growing Latino presence in Major League Baseball is a story of exploitation and opportunity. Club owners set up [...]')('2006050', "BASF has for the fifth time extended its $4.94 billion bid for Engelhard, but the German chemical giant's patience may be wearing thin. Engelhard has thus far resisted BASF's unsolicited offer, recently announcing plans for a recapitalization that it believes would be better for its shareholders. BASF now says New Jersey-based Englehard has until June [...]")('2006050', "Boeing said it had agreed to buy an aerospace parts supplier, Aviall, for $1.7 billion to expand in aviation services operations. The acquisition is priced at $48 a share, a 27 percent premium to Aviall's closing price Friday. It represents a move by W. James McNerney Jr., who became Boeing's chief executive 10 months ago, [...]")('2006050', "Caribbean casino operator Kerzner International announced Monday that a consortium seeking to take the company private has increased its offer to $3.2 billion. The buyout group, which includes Kerzner's chairman, will pay $81 a share for the company, up from its previous offer of $76 a share. Including the assumption of $599 million in debt, [...]")('2006050', 'General William Lyon has once again upped his offer for all the outstanding shares in his company, homebuilder William Lyon Homes. The latest offer is $109 a share, an increase from his previous offer of $100 per share, which in turn was raised from an earlier proposal of $93 per share. Shareholders have until midnight [...]')('2006050', "Gilbert White's Selborne Journal: Saturday, 1 May 1784: 29 6/10 1/2; 51; N. Sun, cold, drying wind, bright & cold. Cucumbers set apace. Men pole hops; sow barley, & sow clover in wheat. Fine bloom on the wall-trees. Two swifts. Saw a cock white-throat. Horse-chestnuts, & sycamores bud. Hyacinths blow. Made an annual hot-bed for [...]")('2006050', 'Telecom services provider Level 3 Communications announced Monday it will buy TelCove for $1.08 billion. Level 3 will pay $637 million in shares and $445 million in cash, and will assume $155.5 million in debt, for a total consideration of $1.24 billion. TelCove is a former unit of cable company Adelphia Communications, which is selling [...]')('2006050', 'The founder of Capital Management Group, a Valencia, Calif.-based investment firm, has agreed to plead guilty to criminal conspiracy charges in connection with a securities fraud that may have cost investors as much as $14 million. Keith G. Gilabert, 35, whose Capital Management operated a hedge fund called GLT Venture, has agreed to cooperate with [...]')('2006050', 'The rock music groups Cheap Trick and The Allman Brothers Band are suing Sony Music, claiming they are being shortchanged on royalties for songs downloaded legally over the Internet. The suit, filed at a federal court in Manhattan, claims Sony has failed to live up to a contract requiring that it pay its musicians half [...]')('2006050', "The clouds over Bawag thickened on Friday after Austria's trade union federation, which owns the bank, revealed it had maintained much closer links to the failed futures broker Refco than previously admitted. Go to Article from The Financial Times (Subscription Required) »")('2006050', 'A constitutional challenge by conservatives to the law that reshaped corporate governance after a wave of business scandals likely will end up before the Supreme Court, attorney Kenneth Starr says. The legal action that Mr. Starr is mounting against the Sarbanes-Oxley anti-fraud law is one of a trio of assaults targeting it, as small companies [...]')('2006050', 'A retired mortgage broker from New Jersey on Friday pleaded guilty to taking $2.5 million in illegal kickbacks from securities law firm Milberg, Weiss, Bershad & Schulman and lying about it, according to court documents filed on Friday. Howard Vogel was charged and entered his plea to one count of making a false declaration before [...]')('2006050', 'For more than a year, Joe Roth has been hearing the Hollywood gossips predict the demise of his six-year-old movie studio, Revolution Studios. Now that they are right, he wants to set the record straight. Go to Article from The New York Times »')('2006050', "South Korea's tax authorities have raided the local office of Carrefour, the French supermarket group that is selling its Korean outlets to a consortium for $1.85 billion, local T.V. news reported on Saturday. Go to Article from The International Herald Tribune »")('2006050', 'Nowhere in the long-running investigation of Anthony Pellicano, the imprisoned investigator to the stars, has the name of Ron Meyer, the president of Universal Studios, been associated with even a whiff of impropriety. But the relationship between the detective and the studio chief holds a lesson about doing business in Hollywood, where loyalty holds an [...]')('2006050', 'After an extended fund-raising period, media-focused investor Veronis Suhler Stevenson has held a final close on its fourth fund at $1.3 billion, ahead of target. The new fund will likely invest less in traditional media and more in related communication sectors than previous funds, said Jim Rutherfurd, a managing director with the firm. Go to [...]')('2006050', 'This might turn out to be the year of the leveraged buyout. Through March, deals worth more than $45 billion were completed - nearly half the amount for all of 2005. According to Louise Purtle, a strategist at New York-based independent research shop CreditSights, "There is no end in sight." Private-equity funds have collected billions [...]')('2006050', 'LimeLife is enjoying the limelight. The Menlo Park-based start-up, which makes cell phone games for women, raised $10 million last month in its second round from U.S. Venture Partners along with Rustic Canyon Partners, i-Hatch Ventures and Monitor Ventures. Go to Article from VentureWire Professional »')('2006050', 'Facebook, a social-networking site that has become a success on school campuses nationwide, this week expanded its membership to a different kind of campus: the corporate kind. Just as it staggered its membership rollout for educational institutions, successfully relying on viral-marketing techniques to gain steam, the venture-backed 2004 invention of Harvard undergraduate Mark Zuckerberg is [...]')('2006050', "Providence Equity Partners is considering a $2.5 billion bid to help Sony buy out Bertelsmann's share in music giant Sony BMG, according to the British newspaper The Business. Sony and Bertelsmann formed the 50/50 joint venture Sony BMG in 2004. It is the world's second-largest music company after Vivendi's Universal Music Group. Go to Article [...]")('2006050', "The IPO calendar is fairly quiet this week as investors may be hunkering down ahead of summer and early fall, which tend to be tough seasons for stocks. An energy spinoff, a defense services contractor and two healthcare concerns are on this week's schedule. Go to Article from CNN Money »")('2006050', "Meru Networks has raised a $25 million Series C led by Lehman Brothers Venture Partners, the corporate V.C. firm's first foray into the wireless market. The new funding, which brings Meru's total to $68 million, was raised in anticipation of an I.P.O. that could happen as soon as the second half of 2007, according to [...]")('2006050', 'Early-stage investor 5AM Ventures expects to close its second biotech fund at about $150 million within the next 60 days, according to managing partner Scott M. Rocklage. The Menlo Park, Calif., firm expects a final closing at or near the $150 million target for the fund, which likely will be more than twice the size [...]')('2006050', 'U.S. companies may sell more debt than ever this year as the economy expands, the Federal Reserve signals it may stop raising interest rates and more than $600 billion of bonds mature. Borrowers have sold about $290 billion of bonds since the end of December, 22 percent more than the record pace of 2001, according [...]')('2006050', 'CMC Markets, a pioneering online trading business, is poised for an 800 million pound ($1.5 billion) float that will underscore the wealth of its founder Peter Cruddas, one of the richest men in the City of London on paper. Mr. Cruddas is preparing to reveal as early as this week that he plans to sell [...]')('2006050', "The Russian oil giant Rosneft cut the size of its planned share sale to about $10 billion from a previously planned $20 billion, according to published reports. News of the reduction raised speculation that the Kremlin was reacting to the London Stock Exchange's becoming involved in Russia's treatment of an investor, William Browder, the chief [...]")('2006050', 'Morgan Stanley and tycoon Simon Glick, the two biggest shareholders in Songbird - the listed company which controls Canary Wharf - have sold 44 million pounds of shares in a private placing. The deal is the first disposal by either party since taking over the east London estate two years ago after the longest bid [...]')('2006050', "Far from Wall Street's concrete canyons, settled in the innocuous halls of Lake Oswego's Kruse Way office space near Portland, D.A. Davidson has carved out a sizable niche in the investment banking industry. Though dwarfed in size by the likes of Goldman Sachs, Deutsche Bank and Merrill Lynch, D.A. Davidson's investment banking group has increased [...]")('2006050', "Harry's at Hanover Square - a culinary nexus that easily conjured up images of Gordon Gecko during the notorious greed decade of the 1980's - is back. The iconic steakhouse, a fond and favorite spot of Wall Street traders for three decades, will reopen May 12 after three years of darkness. Immortalized in novels like [...]")('2006050', 'Barclays Capital, the investment banking division of Barclays, aims to hire 50 people by the end of this year to develop a leveraged finance business in the United States. Under the leadership of Goldman Sachs veterans Joe McGrath and Rick Van Zijl, the company is spreading into higher-risk activities. The bank expects the energy and [...]')('2006050', "Merrill Lynch shareholders Friday rejected two proposals aimed at helping to rein in executive and director compensation at the company. The Catholic Equity Fund, which owns 3,300 Merrill shares, had proposed that Merrill allow shareholders to approve or reject directors' pay packages every year and to disclose details about directors' packages fully. Go to Article [...]")('2006050', 'Alcatel and Lucent Technologies said over the weekend that they were confident they would be able to address security concerns about their planned combination that were raised by Representative Duncan Hunter last week. Go to Article from The New York Times »')('2006050', "Ron Burkle says he loves newspapers. He just doesn't always agree with them. The billionaire Los Angeles investor has been known to sic his lawyer on publications he thought treated him unfairly. Most famously, in late March he set up a videotaped sting in an attempt to catch New York Post gossip writer Jared Paul [...]")('2006050', "Citgo Petroleum, the U.S. subsidiary of Venezuela's state oil company, said it will sell its asphalt plants in New Jersey and Georgia, the second sale announced this year as relations between the two countries sour. UBS has been hired to find buyers for Citgo Asphalt Co. Go to Article from Bloomberg News »")('2006050', "KeySpan Energy chief executive Robert B. Catell is set to reap a $45 million payout when British energy conglomerate National Grid Group buys KeySpan early next year, the company disclosed in a federal securities filing. The payment does not include special bonuses or one-time benefits, however. It represents the value of Catell's stock and stock [...]")('2006050', "Fox Interactive Media has acquired small Internet start-ups kSolo and Newroo , proving that News Corporation's online division is keeping close tabs on young entrepreneurs as it builds its network of Web properties. The acquisitions, whose values weren't disclosed, are minor deals for Fox Interactive, which paid $580 million last year for Intermix Media, the [...]")('2006050', 'Executives of Arcelor on Friday deflected shareholder criticism of their handling of a hostile 20 billion euro ($25 billion) approach from Mittal Steel and indicated the company would consider an all-cash bid if it reflected the true value of the Luxembourg steelmaker. Arcelor chairman Joseph Kinsch and vice chairman José Ramón Alvarez Rendueles were re-elected [...]')('2006050', 'Ellis Cose has written with grace and temperance about urban life, race, class, work and education since the 1970\'s, when at age 19, he was hired by the Chicago Sun-Times to be a weekly columnist. In books like "The Rage of a Privileged Class" (1994), "Color Blind: Seeing Beyond Race in a Race-Obsessed World" (1997), [...]')('2006050', "President Bush's approval Friday of the acquisition of a British tank parts maker with plants in Georgia by Dubai-controlled Dubai International Capital stirred up surprisingly little controversy on Capitol Hill. But the $1.2 billion purchase of Doncasters Group may provide more momentum for reforming federal requirements for reviewing mergers with national security implications. A key [...]")('2006050', "Wall Street has often been plagued by insider trading scandals in the past, most spectacularly in 1980's, when it ensnared some of the most powerful titans of finance. But the latest alleged scheme, involving two former employees of Goldman Sachs, involves the most junior of Wall Street wannabes. And the supporting cast is hardly a [...]")('2006050', 'Article offers tips to small business owners on using computer technology; focuses on mini-Y2K problem that could crop up because Daylight Saving Time will start earlier next year, networking services offered by Jambo Networks and drop in identity fraud in US in last three years (special section, Small Business) (M)')('2006050', 'Jon Pareles reviews new CD by Pearl Jam; photo (M)')('2006050', 'Article on some of growing number of small companies that have found niche in $600 billion travel business by combining touring with specific instruction both in US and overseas; photos (special section, Small Business) (M)')('2006050', 'Explosions boom through quiet area of downtown Brooklyn after propane tanks ignite during roof work atop police precinct house, sending metal tubes like missiles into streets below; no one is injured; photo (S)')('2006050', "Article on partnership program that Sam's Club division of Wal-Mart has created to help small businesses survive and thrive; services for Sam's Club members who own small businesses include exclusive hours, designated online ordering system, low-cost Web site setups, waiver of fees for its health plans and help with financial services; photos (special section, Small Business) (M)")('2006050', 'Selena Roberts Sports of The Times column discusses New York Yankees center fielder Johnny Damon, who will face former team Boston Red Sox (M)')('2006050', 'Dr Jean A Bernard, pioneering French hematologist who diagnosed cancer that shah of Iran, Mohammad Reza Pahlavi, kept secret for many years and that ultimately sent him to American hospital in chain of events that led to Tehran hostage crisis of 1979-81, dies at age 98; photo (M)')('2006050', "Boston Red Sox pitcher Tim Wakefield and his famous knuckleballs make catcher Josh Bard's job difficult; photos (M)")('2006050', 'New Orleans Saints introduce new running back Reggie Bush; photo (M)')('2006050', "Henry A Lowenstein letter, commenting on April 28 article on Congress's proposals to offset rising gas prices, says Congress and Pres Bush should seize opportunity to impose gasoline tax increase, thereby forcing consumers to demand alternative fuels; drawings")('2006050', 'Prof Peter Gourevitch letter, prompted by Paul Krugman April 28 Op-Ed on cronyism in FEMA appointments, says one way to battle crony appointments is to strengthen civil service')('2006050', "Rosie O'Donnell will join cast of ABC's television program The View to replace Meredith Vieira, who will become new co-anchor of NBC's Today show; Barbara Walters and O'Donnell comment; photo (M)")('2006050', 'Proposed Nascar stock-car racing speedway encounters intense oppostion in parts of Staten Island; speedway may be quickly developing into one of more contentious land-use proposals in recent memory; map (M)')('2006050', 'Michael Schau letter, prompted by April 26 obituary for Jane Jacobs, says everyone who lives in, visits or enjoys Greenwich Village owes Jacobs debt of gratitude')('2006050', 'Four-year-old twins are found unconscious floating in family pool in Union, NJ, and are taken to hospital where they are in critical condition (S)')('2006050', "Pramoedya Ananta Toer, who chronicled Indonesia's battle for independence against Dutch in quartet of sharply drawn novels composed in prison, dies at age 81; photo (M)")('2006050', 'Jockey Kent Desormeaux and Sweetnorthernsaint are contenders at Kentucky Derby; photo (M)')('2006050', 'Article on 1-800-GOT-JUNK?, business that has grown in 17 years from sole proprietorship based in Vancouver, British Columbia, to international franchise corporation that expects revenues of $120 million this year; photo (special section, Small Business) (M)')('2006050', 'Nine-year-old son of Joseph T Dunn, New York City police officer, shoots himself in head while playing with 38-caliber gun at home in Massapequa, NY (S)')('2006050', 'Michael Katz, president of RAE Internet in New Rochelle, NY, comments on his experiences in setting up small business and adapting to changing market needs in small business world; Katz, former teacher, was systems engineer at Cisco Systems, garnered contract for American rights to antivirus product from Gecad, which was sold to Microsoft and discontinued, and developed new partnerships and created his own new Internet security product; photo (special section, Small Business) (M)')('2006050', "Grady McWhiney, historian who called his fellow Southerners 'crackers' in influential books and articles and then explained that this was compliment to glorious Celtic heritage he says they shared, dies at age 77; photo (M)")('2006050', 'New Jersey Nets prepare to face Indiana Pacers in Game 5 of first-round playoff series, tied 2-2; photo (M)')('2006050', "Danny M Adkison letter, commenting on April 24 editorial objecting to Pres Bush's appointment of William Wehrum to EPA position, says recess appointments should be allowed only when vacancy occurs during recess")('2006050', 'Anne Walton letter says she was moved and inspired by April 26 article about young illegal immigrant Amadou Ly, who is star science student in New York City high school')('2006050', 'Councilmen David I Weprin of Queens and Vincent J Gentile of Brooklyn ask Legislature to give State Public Service Commission authority to regulate gasoline prices in state; say federal government has not done enough to curb rising fuel prices (S)')('2006050', 'Ronald C Williams letter, prompted by April 28 article on Senate proposal regarding gas prices, says only two things will bring prices down: reduced consumption and increased alternatives')('2006050', 'Melanie Neer, who lives with her mother and 30 cats in rent-controlled studio apartment in Queens, must give up two cats every day under agreement with landlord; had 100 cats five years ago; photos (M)')('2006050', 'Zhou Tiehai is one of biggest names in Chinese art and is famous for mocking art scene in China where every leading artist seems to have recognizable brand and series of obvious signature pieces; solo exhibition at Shanghai Museum of Art in March 2007 will show his paintings, many of which feature Joe Camel from American cigarette ads, symbol he transformed into his own improbable brand; he comments; photos (M)')('2006050', 'Article on three small businesses that have opened in New Orleans in aftermath of Hurricane Katrina: Savvy Gourmet restaurant and gathering place owned by Aaron Wolfson and Peter Menge, Sip Wine Shop, shop and restaurant owned by Jennifer Powell and Kitchen Witch Cookbooks, used-bookstore owned by Philipe LaMancusa; photos (special section, Small Business) (M)')('2006050', 'Interview with Gloria Neuwirth, partner in law firm Davidson Dawson & Clark, who comments on estate planning for family-owned businesses (special section, Small Business) (M)')('2006050', 'Abuse, Then Addiction, Then That')('2006050', 'Edward Rothstein Connections column on Sodoku, puzzle of numbers that is proving increasingly popular in United States and internationally; first World Sodoku Championship was held in Lucca, Italy, in March and included players from 22 countries; notes history of Sudoku-style square puzzles; diagrams (M)')('2006050', 'Resident of assisted-living residence in Flushing, Queens, dies in fire that starts in his room (S)')('2006050', 'Washington Wizards defeat Cleveland Cavaliers, 106-96, to tie first-round playoff series, 2-2; photos (M)')('2006050', 'Profile of Hagerty Insurance in Traverse City, Mich, which insures vintage cars, and its owners McKeel and Kim Hagerty; photo (special section, Small Business) (M)')('2006050', 'Film RV opens at No 1 at box office with estimated $16.4 million in ticket sales; photo (S)t')('2006050', "Health Star Plus, New Jersey company that has provided medical care to about 400 troubled youths in New York City's juvenile justice system for past three years, is quitting after failing to negotiate new contract; Juvenile Justice Department turns to New York City Health and Hospitals Corporation, which agrees to take on complex job on only few days' notice; health care system for youths in detention has been criticized by parents, lawyers and Family Court judges as insensitive and sometimes harmful to young people with serious medical and psychiatric problem; photo (M)")('2006050', "Richard Hayes letter, prompted by April 24 article on Democratic Party's vocal support for embryonic stem cell research in Congressional races nationwide, says stem cell research should be allowed, but it should proceed cautiously, under tight federal oversight")('2006050', 'John Kenneth Galbraith, iconclastic economist, teacher and diplomat and unapologetically liberal member of political and academic establishment he often needled in prolific writings for more than half century, dies at age 97; photos (L)')('2006050', 'Interview with David G Thomson, author of new book Blueprint to a Billion: Seven Essentials to Achieve Exponential Growth; photo (special section, Small Business) (M)')('2006050', 'Photos of New York Yankees win over Toronto Blue Jays')('2006050', 'Article on question of whether small business owners should outsource some work and services to contractors; drawing (special section, Small Business) (M)')('2006050', 'Seventy-six-year-old woman is run over and killed by her own car after she leaves it running during visit to cemetery in Kew Gardens, Queens (S)')('2006050', 'Atlanta Braves defeat New York Mets, 8-5; photo (M)')('2006050', 'Stephen Holden reviews performance by singer Audra McDonald at Carnegie Hall; photo (M)')('2006050', 'Gloria-Jean Masciarotte letter says $100 rebate proposed by Republicans to offset rising gas prices will not even cover her gas to Washington to complain (April 28 article)')('2006050', "Mimi Barron letter, prompted by April 28 editorial on Congress's proposals to offset gas prices, says instead of increasing gas taxes, increase taxes on gas-guzzling vehicles")('2006050', "Col James B Swindal, Air Force One pilot who flew John F Kennedy's body back to Washington in hours after his assassination in Dallas, dies at age 88; photo (M)")('2006050', 'Immigrants in New York City and their supporters are set to take short lunch-time break from work and stand side by side along busy commercial strips citywide to make their presence known; will later rally in Union Square; target of protests is House-passed bill that would make it felony to be in US illegally; photo of immigrant workers in Jackson Heights (M)')('2006050', 'Kentucky Derby favorites discussed (M)')('2006050', "Southern California University has 11 players selected in NFL draft, but school's football program is still reeling from number of unfortunate circumstances and scandals; photo (M)")('2006050', 'Photo of vending cart operator in Jackson Heights, Queens, who plans to join protest against proposed federal legislation that would make it felony to be in US illegally')('2006050', "Ben Ratliff reviews two new CD's by Roy Hargrove; photo (M)")('2006050', 'Nate Chinen reviews new CD by Ralph Towner (M)')('2006050', 'New York Yankees outfielder Gary Sheffield may miss games against Boston Red Sox because of wrist injury (S)')('2006050', 'Dimitri Hadzi, internationally known sculptor whose most famous work is at once mythic and modernist, dies on April 16 in Boston at age 85; photo (M)')('2006050', 'New York Yankees defeat Toronto Blue Jays, 4-1; photo (M)')('2006050', "New York Giants' NFL draft picks discussed; photo (M)")('2006050', 'Buffalo Sabres defeat Philadelphia Flyers, 3-0, to lead first-round playoff series, 3-2 (M)')('2006050', 'Los Angeles Lakers defeat Phoenix Suns, 99-98, in overtime to lead first-round playoff series, 3-1; photos (M)')('2006050', 'Unite Here, New York State labor union, endorses Andrew M Cuomo for attorney general (S)')('2006050', 'Kelefa Sanneh reviews new CD by rap duo Mobb Deep; photo (M)')('2006050', 'John Rockwell reviews performance by Miami City Ballet at Tilles Center at C W Post campus of Long Island University; photo (M)')('2006050', "Wolfgang Unzicker, German judge and chess grandmaster who ranked among world's top 50 players for almost two decades, dies at age 80 (M)")('2006050', 'People living near two luxury towers going up on Broadway between 99th and 100th Streets race to gain tougher zoning regulations on Upper West Side between 96th and 110th Streets before developers begin work on other projects; one of new towers is 38 stories, twice as tall as any other building around it; photos; map (L)')('2006050', 'Francois Pinault, French department store magnate, will show 200 works from his 250,000 artwork collection at Palazzo Grassi in Venice, Italy; originally tried to build museum for his works in Paris, but was discouraged by red tape; plans to hold exhibitions at sites throughout Europe; photos (M)')('2006050', "Jan Lundberg letter, prompted by April 28 editorial on Congress's proposals to offset rising gas prices, says transportation fuels are only part of what oil provides")('2006050', 'Article on National Foundation for Teaching Entrepreneurship, organization founded by former businessman and teacher Steve Mariotti that offers curriculum to help high schools teach business skills to poor minority adolescents; classes are being taught in more than 300 high schools, most in lower-income districts, in 45 states; funding comes from Goldman Sachs Foundation; photo (special section, Small Business) (M)')('2006050', 'Maria Elena Maximo, advocate for immigrants in Bronx, is arrested and charged with defrauding clients of $500 to $2,500 each by misrepresenting amnesty and legalization program that would allow them to obtain work permits and green cards; many of victims never received green cards or refunds, and a few were deported because of faulty applications; many were, like Maximo, Garifuna, descendants of West African slaves and Arawak Indians from Caribbean island of St Vincent who were forcibly relocated to Central America by British; photos (L)')('2006050', 'Harriet Victor letter, prompted by April 28 article on Senate plan to offer $100 rebates to offset rising gasoline prices, says let Pres Bush conserve fuel')('2006050', 'ABC broadcast of Daytime Emmy Awards ceremony attracts 6.26 million viewers; CBS is No 1 in ratings for Friday night (S)')('2006050', 'Sanford Evans letter, prompted by April 28 article on Senate Republican proposal of $100 rebate for taxpayers to offset rising gas prices, says rebate encourages very behavior that is clogging roads and causing gas prices to rise')('2006050', 'Jennifer Dunning reviews performance by New York City Ballet devoted to choreographer Eliot Feld at New York State Theater; photo (M)')('2006050', "Article on home-shopping channel QVC's ability to reach national audience with one live sales pitch, which appeals to small businesses; centralized shipping and virtual store location allow QVC to test out products that traditional retailers might not carry, reach far larger audience than at retail store counters as well as allow small business owners to raise needed capital more quickly; photos (special section, Small Business) (M)")('2006050', 'Phillip Adler bridge column on deal made by Lew Stansby at Vanderbilt semifinal match during Spring North American Championships in Dallas, Tex; diagram (M)')('2006050', 'British rocker Pete Doherty is taken into police custody in London after newspaper The Sun publishes photographs of him injecting himself and woman with drugs; is released on bail (S)')('2006050', 'Carl Ian Schwartz letter says $100 rebate proposed by Senate Republicans to offset rising gas prices is typical Republican plan to shortchange middle class')('2006050', "Cy Gulassa letter, prompted by April 25 article on failed project to rebuild oil pipeline in Iraq, suggests combining two greatest disasters of Bush administration--Hurricane Katrina and Iraq--into single word, Katraq, as verbal shorthand for Bush's failings")('2006050', 'Article on Avon and some of its sales representatives focuses on changes that company plans to make to its business model to bring it into 21st Century; photo (special section, Small Business) (M)')('2006050', "New York Jets' NFL draft picks discussed; photos (M)")('2006050', 'Last week the undergraduate body at Princeton University voted to ratify a Student Bill of Rights, modeled on the Academic Bill of Rights written by David Horowitz. Mr. Horowitz is an influential and widely read conservative activist who has persuaded a number of state and national legislators to insert the language of his bill into [...]')('2006050', 'A VERY COOL new video game has just been launched, called "Darfur is Dying." It\'s available at www.darfurisdying.com, and I recommend it to all. Granted, it\'s a bit morbid. You play a Darfur refugee in a camp or out gathering firewood or water, and you have to outmaneuver the Janjaweed. My first two times, I [...]')('2006050', "Sometimes you just don't want to let a restaurant go.")('2006050', 'It\'s time for the second question - one that we hoped would provide some insight into what the candidates would actually do different from the current mayor. Question 2: What are the most important ways in which your administration or governing philosophy differs from that of Sharpe James? Ronald L. Rice "Mayor James and I [...]')('2006050', "The chairman of the British music group EMI is in New York and is believed to have met with his counterpart at the Warner Music Group to discuss EMI's possible acquisition of the company, CNBC's David Faber reported. In his Faber Report on Tuesday afternoon, Mr. Faber said that the EMI chairman, Eric Nicoli met [...]")('2006050', 'The investment bank Greenhill & Company on Tuesday disclosed some more specifics on its planned secondary share offering, in which its managing directors are expected to sell stock valued at about $258 million. Meanwhile, its stock continued the downward slide that began on Monday. In a prospectus filed Tuesday with securities regulators, Greenhill said its [...]')('2006050', "An investor hoping to oust two directors of CA Incorporated is trying an unusual approach that may spawn imitators, according to an analysis by Institutional Shareholder Services, an influential proxy advisory firm. Amalgamated Bank's LongView Collective Investment Fund filed a shareholder resolution that would require CA, a software company formerly known as Computer Associates, to [...]")('2006050', 'Thanks to a complex financial structure and his large stake in the company, the billionaire Paul Allen could benefit from a secondary offering of DreamWorks Animation shares in the next few months, an analyst said in a report on Tuesday. The analyst, Richard Greenfield of Pali Research, said he believes Mr. Allen is likely to [...]')('2006050', 'The private equity arm of Evercore said it had acquired Mr. Bult Incorporated, a waste hauling company, for an undisclosed price. The deal gives Evercore, a boutique investment bank and restructuring adviser, a majority stake in the Burnham, Ill.-based company, which is privately held. Company founder James Bult will keep a minority interest and stay [...]')('2006050', "Robert L. Johnson, the billionaire who founded Black Entertainment Television, has been pushing aggressively into the financial services sector. DailyII.com, a Web site from the publisher of Institutional Investor magazine, recently spoke to him about his strategy. Among his recent moves, Mr. Johnson's private equity fund RLJ Equity Partners entered into a strategic partnership with [...]")('2006050', 'Two weeks ago, with the help of our readers, we compiled a list of 10 questions for the two mayoral candidates, Cory Booker and Ronald L. Rice. We promised to return with written answers and finally - after multiple e-mails, faxes and phone calls - we have responses. So over the next week, we plan [...]')('2006050', 'In this lesson, students explore unique animal behaviors and consider ways in which humans perform similar behaviors.')('2006050', "Many chief executives at the biggest banks got fatter-than-expected bonuses last year, a report from Citigroup suggests. The report found that of 17 commercial banks tracked by Citigroup's equity research analysts, seven paid their chief executives above their previously announced targets for so-called incentive compensation in 2005, while just four paid less than their targets. [...]")('2006050', "The former general counsel of Tyco International, Mark Belnick, has agreed to pay a $100,000 penalty to settle a Securities and Exchange Commission lawsuit alleging he defrauded the company's shareholders. The settlement, terms of which were filed with the court on Tuesday, also includes a provision that would bar Mr. Belnick from serving as a [...]")('2006050', 'J.P. Morgan Chase has hired two investment bankers for its consumer, retail and healthcare group, including a new head of consumer products, the company said in an internal announcement late Monday. Andrew van der Vord will join J.P. Morgan in July as global head of consumer products, a position he previously held at Citigroup. Mr. [...]')('2006050', "Banco Itau Holding Financeira announced Tuesday that it would buy Bank of America's BankBoston unit in Brazil for about $2.2 billion in stock, making it the country's biggest non- government bank by assets. The deal would give Bank of America a stake of between 5 percent and 6 percent in Itau, a Bank of America [...]")('2006050', "Ann Curry has grabbed the Darfur issue and done a great job with at NBC (only CBS and ABC to go, not to mention all the cable networks and especially my buddy Bill O'Reilly). And Oprah, of course. Here's a site with Ann's interview with Kofi Annan on Darfur and some of her blog entries [...]")('2006050', 'The problem with the Democrats heading into the 2006 election isn\'t the things they stand for, but why they stand for them, argues Michael Tomasky, The American Prospect\'s executive editor, in a much-discussed cover story in his magazine\'s May 4 issue. (It has been praised by both David Brooks and E.J. Dionne.) The title: "Party [...]')('2006050', 'Readers respond to Frank Rich\'s April 30 column "Bush of a Thousand Days." Sherm Gallay, Lee, N.Y.: Is Mr. Drumheller saying that if the inspectors finished their job, there would be broad international support for invading and occupying Iraq? If they finished their job, they would have concluded the truth: that Iraq had no W.M.D. [...]')('2006050', "Devon Energy and Crosstex Energy said Tuesday that they would acquire Chief Holdings' oil and gas properties in north Texas. Devon will acquire Chief Holdings' oil and gas properties for $2.2 billion, while Crosstex will pick up the natural gas pipelines for $480 million. The property Devon is acquiring is in a region of north [...]")('2006050', 'The consumer products giant Unilever said it had sold Finesse and Aqua Net, two hair care products, to Lornamead Brands. Financial terms were not disclosed, but the brands generated about $85 million in combined revenue in 2005. John Rice, the president of Unilever Americas, said in a news release Tuesday that the transaction "takes us [...]')('2006050', "[Correction appended] Why are Texans more accepting of immigrants, legal and illegal, than Californians are? Writing on her Dynamist blog, Virginia Postrel, a contributing editor for The Atlantic, posits that the answer can be found by looking at the two states' different tax systems: Texas has no income tax, which means public services are funded [...]")('2006050', 'Ronald L. Rice and Sharpe James (John Marshall Mantel and Dith Pran / For The New York Times) It was supposed to be the rally where Mayor Sharpe James displayed his charisma and charm on behalf of Ronald L. Rice. Finally, according to a flyer announcing "The Real Deal Wants The Rice," the city\'s political [...]')('2006050', "Shareholders of J. Jill Group on Monday approved the company's $517 million acquisition by Talbots, another Massachusetts-based apparel retailer. Holders of about two-thirds of J. Jill's shares voted in favor of the acquisition, the Quincy-based company said. Shareholders of Talbots, which is based in Hingham, were not required to vote on the deal, which is [...]")('2006050', "Vincent Tchenguiz, the multimillionaire entrepreneur, is believed to have made a preliminary takeover approach for Solitaire Group, the AIM-listed residential property management group, according to The Times of London. It is understood that Consensus Business Group, Mr. Tchenguiz's investment vehicle, has held preliminary talks with the management of Solitaire about making an offer for the [...]")('2006050', 'Using hotel lobbies for informal meetings is not new. But the tendency has accelerated recently as business travel has rebounded and hotels have invested heavily in their public spaces, expanding them and installing wireless Internet service – often available at no charge – in their lobbies and restaurants. Go to Article from The New York [...]')('2006050', "The Supreme Court ruled Monday that one-time stripper and Playboy Playmate Anna Nicole Smith could pursue part of her late husband's oil fortune. Justices gave new legal impetus to Ms. Smith's bid to collect millions of dollars from the estate of her late husband, J. Howard Marshall II. Her late husband's estate has been estimated [...]")('2006050', "Nymex Holdings, which runs the world's largest energy market, elected Richard Schaeffer as chairman to head its 15-member board. James Newsome, chief executive officer of the New York Mercantile Exchange, and William Ford, president of General Atlantic, were elected as members of the exchange's board at an annual meeting yesterday, Nymex Holdings said. Go to [...]")('2006050', 'The UnitedHealth Group, under fire for the timing of lucrative options grants to executives, said Monday that it had discontinued equity-based awards to its two most senior managers and that it would cease other perks like paying for personal use of corporate aircraft. Go to Article from The New York Times » Go to Press [...]')('2006050', 'The federal judge overseeing the KPMG tax shelter case has refused to dismiss charges against 18 defendants accused of setting up questionable shelters for rich clients to defraud the Internal Revenue Service. In a decision dated Friday and released yesterday, the judge, Lewis A. Kaplan, of Manhattan, said the government had proved the possible existence [...]')('2006050', 'For the second time in a week, a new judge has been assigned to oversee the case of Frank P. Quattrone, the former powerful investment banker whose obstruction-of-justice conviction was overturned in March. The latest judge assigned to the case is Judge George B. Daniels of Federal District Court in New York. He succeeds Lewis [...]')('2006050', "Sun Microsystems said it has re-hired another of its former executives, marking one of the first moves by the company's new chief executive. The Santa Clara computer and software company plans to announce Tuesday that it has named former executive Rich Green, 50, as the new head of its software business. A few other executives [...]")('2006050', 'Bawag, an Austrian bank, reached a settlement with creditors of the bankrupt U.S. futures broker Refco and received pledges from the government and from banks to help withstand an increase in customer withdrawals. Banks agreed to provide 450 million euros ($567 million) of capital, the chief executive, Ewald Nowotny, said at a midnight news conference [...]')('2006050', "Kenneth L. Lay's sale of Enron shares to meet bank calls was long thought to be his best defense against charges that he conspired to defraud the company, which collapsed in December 2001. Mr. Lay argued on Monday that he went to great lengths to hang onto his Enron shares, even as the debacle unfolded. [...]")('2006050', 'The French media services group Thomson said on Tuesday it was considering various funding options to speed up its development in the digital and electronic media sector in the period up to 2008. Thomson, which is emerging from years of restructuring, confirmed that one of the options was a private equity deal involving a U.S. [...]')('2006050', "Tim Waterstone has withdrawn his bid for the high street book chain Waterstone's as he claimed HMV, the company's parent, imposed unacceptable preconditions for a sale. HMV wanted due diligence to be completed within 14 days with no exclusivity or cost indemnity in the sales process, according to a statement by Mr Waterstone and former [...]")('2006050', 'Restaurant Associates, the owner of well-known restaurants like Brasserie in Manhattan and Patina of Los Angeles, is stepping out on its own. The company, which has been part of the food service conglomerate Compass Group of London since 1998, will become a private company under a buyout engineered by Nick Valenti, chief executive of Restaurant [...]')('2006050', 'Tokyo Electron is starting a venture capital unit to invest in start-up and early-stage technology companies. The new wholly-owned subsidiary, TEL Venture Capital, will be based in California and plans to invest up to $10 million annually. TEL Venture Capital says it will invest in a "wide range" of areas worldwide. Go to Article from [...]')('2006050', 'Luminus Devices has received $38 million in its fourth round of venture capital financial, the company said on Monday. Participants in the round included current investors Battery Ventures in Wellesley, Mass.; Argonaut Private Equity in Avon, Mass.; and Stata Venture Partners of Dover, Mass., among others. Woburn-based Luminus makes a product called Phlatlight, which was [...]')('2006050', 'Orphan drug developer CardioKine raised $50 million in a second round of venture capital co-led by Advent Venture Partners and Fidelity Biosciences to finance Phase 3 clinical trials of a lead drug candidate and to continue a search for additional abandoned drug projects for the treatment of heart disease. Go to Article from The Daily [...]')('2006050', "Tech companies go public for two basic reasons: To allow investors, great and small, to take part in an emerging technology or service, and to raise money to keep their business going. Ideally, those two aims should balance each other out. But that's not the case with Alien Technology, which filed for an I.P.O. earlier [...]")('2006050', "So far this year, Jeff Henley, former Oracle chief financial officer and current chairman of its board, has been selling the company's shares like it's 1999. That would be the last full year in which he sold shares worth more than the ones he sold during the first four months of 2006. From March 2 [...]")('2006050', 'As the Kremlin continues its scuffle with the London Stock Exchange over oil giant Rosneft\'s $20 billion I.P.O., the Washington Post\'s Allan Sloan takes a look at the logic of investing in the company. His opinion? A resounding "nyet:" Don\'t touch this unless you\'re a professional investor or a connected insider or you just happen [...]')('2006050', "Shares of Hynix Semiconductor, the world's second-biggest maker of memory chips, fell as much as 8.5 percent after an analyst said creditors may sell a 3 trillion won ($3.2 billion) stake. Korea Exchange Bank and other creditors may offer Hynix shares as soon as this month, CJ Investment & Securities analyst Lee Min Hee said [...]")('2006050', "Kohlberg Kravis Roberts may have raised $5 billion in the initial public offering of its investment vehicle it is floating on the Amsterdam stock exchange, tripling the leveraged buyout firm's original target. Investment bankers tracking the flotation, which will be priced on Tuesday before trading starts on Wednesday, expressed surprise at the strength of interest [...]")('2006050', '"Follow the money" has always been the motto for investment bankers as well as enterprising journalists. So it\'s no surprise that they are right behind the dollars flowing into the Persian Gulf countries as oil tops $70 per barrel. The Middle East is quickly becoming the next hot emerging market for banks. The main focus [...]')('2006050', "Credit Suisse Group, Switzerland's second-biggest bank, said first-quarter profit advanced 36 percent as equities trading at the investment bank rebounded and fees from advising wealthy clients increased. Net income rose to 2.6 billion Swiss francs ($2.1 billion), or 2.21 francs a share, from 1.91 billion francs, or 1.63 francs, a year earlier, Chief Financial Officer [...]")('2006050', "Loudeye, a struggling digital-media company in Seattle, has sold its U.S. operations for $11 million in cash to New York-based Muze, a provider of information and entertainment services. The purchase, which closed Sunday, covers Loudeye's American software and personnel for providing digital music and video to companies, which then resell it to consumers. Go to [...]")('2006050', 'Appalachian coal producer Alpha Natural Resources completed the acquisition of certain eastern Kentucky coal mining operations from Progress Fuels, a unit of Progress Energy, for $23 million. Go to Article from TheStreet.com »')('2006050', 'Evolution, the boutique investment bank, is in exclusive negotiations with ING to buy the Dutch bank\'s broking subsidiary Williams de Broë. A statement from Evolution said it "has been granted a period of exclusivity within which to agree terms for the acquisition of Williams de Broë." Last year ING uncovered accounting irregularities at Williams de [...]')('2006050', "Stewart & Stevenson Services said Monday that two independent proxy advisory firms have recommended that its shareholders vote in favor of the company's proposed $755 million merger with Armor Holdings. Houston-based Stewart & Stevenson Services will hold a special meeting of shareholders on May 9. Shareholders of record as of the close of business on [...]")('2006050', "Yellow Pages Group is paying $760-million for Classified Media (Canada) Holdings, a deal that it expects will extend its online retail reach to about 45 percent of all Canadian web users. Classified Media – whose 137 publications and nine websites include Auto Trader, Auto Hebdo, The Bargain Finder and Home Renters' Guide – is also [...]")('2006050', 'U.K. defense contractor BAE Systems on Tuesday confirmed it intends to sell its 20 percent stake in European plane manufacturer Airbus to co-parent EADS. BAE said it has issued a put option intention notice to EADS, after announcing last month that it wanted to sell its stake. An option contract gives the owner the right, [...]')('2006050', "MTN Group, Africa's largest mobile phone company, agreed to buy Investcom for $5.5 billion in cash to add subscribers on the continent. MTN offered to pay $3.83 for each share of Dubai, United Arab Emirates-based Investcom, which has 4.9 million customers, the company said today in a release to Johannesburg's stock exchange. Johannesburg-based MTN has [...]")('2006050', 'It took six years and a detour through Beverly Hills, but on Friday, federal prosecutors in Los Angeles finally got their first guilty plea in the long-running investigation of the class action plaintiffs firm Milberg Weiss Bershad & Schulman. And it looks to be a significant one: in saying that he and his family took [...]')('2006050', 'Bill Gates, the chairman of Microsoft, described Google in an interview late last year as a worthy adversary, a company to test Microsoft\'s mettle. "This is hypercompetition, make no mistake," Mr. Gates observed. The rivalry between the companies is growing more combative, and with good reason: the outcome is likely to shape the future of [...]')('2006050', 'Some of Wall Street\'s biggest names descended on New York\'s Lincoln Center on Monday night to honor Joseph R. Perella, the legendary investment banker who recently left Morgan Stanley to start his own boutique firm. It was quite a reception for someone who jokingly described himself in a speech as "out of work." Mr. Perella [...]')('2006050', 'Do not bother hitting the "reload" button or clearing the cache in your Web browser - it will not help. Tuesday\'s hauntingly familiar headlines about a patent-infringement lawsuit against BlackBerry maker Research in Motion are, in fact, new. The lawsuit, filed by software company Visto, seeks to shut down the popular (and, for some, near-addictive) [...]')('2006050', 'Recent concerns that bird flu may mutate and infect humans has opened discussion about potential treatments and vaccines against influenza; Dr Klaus Stohr, World Health Organization chief, is investigating possibility that poultry vaccine manufacturers could upgrade lines to produce human vaccine, which is currently in very short supply; unusual treatments used by doctors during 1918 Spanish flu pandemic discussed; photo (M)')('2006050', 'Annie Thoms letter, commenting on Nicholas D Kristof April 30 Op-Ed calling for relaxing barriers so people can become teachers more easily, says this is not answer; says public valuation of teachers must be raised')('2006050', 'Dr Nathan Billig letter on April 25 Essay about medical care says that doctors should be open and honest about what is best for patient and not give false compliments like those described in article')('2006050', 'Prof Lois Weiner letter, prompted by Nicholas D Kristof April 30 Op-Ed on growing shortage of teachers, says teaching experience at poorly-funded urban schools is different from teaching at small private school')('2006050', 'Elizabeth Marincola letter on April 25 article about post-adoption depression asks if experience is exclusive to women or if fathers also can experience depression after adoption')('2006050', 'David Steiner letter, commenting on Nicholas D Kristof April 30 Op-Ed on shortage of teachers, says biggest decline in teacher quality is due to wage compression and absence of merit pay')('2006050', 'Federal Environmental Protection Agency suspends rooftop cleanup of former Deutsche Bank building in Manhattan opposite ground zero; Lower Manhattan Development Corporation, overseeing demolition of heavily contaminated tower, voluntarily stops cleanup after finding fragment of asbestos-containing material; corporation spokesman John P Gallagher says finding does not pose health risk to workers (S)')('2006050', "AMC, nation's second-largest theater chain, will begin program to devote 72 screens in 39 cities in North America to specialty movies usually seen in smaller, urban theaters (S)")('2006050', "Richard M Frauenglass letter, commenting on April 29 article on Pres Bush's statement that immigrants should learn English, says for first time, he agrees with Bush")('2006050', 'New York Yankees general manager Brian Cashman says he will not pressure pitcher Roger Clemens to return to Yankees this season (S)')('2006050', 'Q & A column discusses how seven-day week was determined; drawing (M)')('2006050', 'Jon Bayley letter says April 25 article on failed project to rebuild oil pipeline in Iraq shows that such contracts should be placed under watchdog with teeth')('2006050', 'Jonathan Bassett letter, prompted by Nicholas D Kristof April 30 Op-Ed on growing shortage of teachers, says barriers to enter teaching profession should be low but so should expectations for untrained career switchers')('2006050', 'Police arrest man in Boro Park, Brooklyn for trying to lure three girls ages 5, 6 and 9 into his car around 7pm; girls run home and parents call police; neighborhood is site of other recent attempted abductions (S)')('2006050', "Ten states, including California and New York, plan to file lawsuit to force Bush administration to toughen mileage regulations for sport utility vehicles and other trucks; suit contends that administration did not do adequate analysis of benefits of fuel economy regulations, as required by law, before issuing new rules for SUV's, pickup trucks and minivans (M)")('2006050', 'Ernest Erber letter on Jane Brody April 25 Personal Health column about Medicare drug plan says that following her suggestions would take too much time')('2006050', "Co-Op City public safety officers and lobby attendants end 47-day strike; Co-op City Police Benevolent Association, Riverbay Corporation, Marion Scott Realty Inc agree on new four-year contracts; management gains more authority scheduling officers' work assignments (S)")('2006050', 'Karen Greene letter on April 25 article about post-adoption depression suggests that causes of this type of depression may not be purely biological')('2006050', 'Alan Wallach letter, prompted by April 29 article on controversy over new Spanish version of US national anthem, says he does not care what language anthem is sung in as long as it is sung sincerely')('2006050', "Photo of New York Mets' win over Washington Nationals")('2006050', "Derrick Ephraim, 17, Chad Green, 19, and Ronnie Thomas, 20, are charged with killing homeless man Jermaine Pellettier outside White Plains (NY) Post Road Mini Mart convenience store; Westchester County District Attorney Janet DiFiore says men believed victim's bandana had gang colors on it (S)")('2006050', "Adam Selzer letter, prompted by April 29 article on new Spanish version of US national anthem and Pres Bush's negative reaction, says English is in no danger of being displaced as dominant language in US")('2006050', 'Joseph S Iseman, New York lawyer and educator, dies at age 89 (M)')('2006050', 'Corona, Queens, army sergeant Jose Gomez is killed in Baghdad; cause of death is detonation of improvised explosive near his vehicle during combat (S)')('2006050', 'Transport Workers Union Local 100 sues Metropolitan Transportation Authority; wants recognition of second vote on contract ratified by union last month; MTA refuses to recognize vote (S)')('2006050', 'ABC wins every half hour among viewers 18 to 49 years old on first Sunday of May sweeps period; photo (S)')('2006050', 'Richard Attanasio letter says when Pres Bush says immigrants should learn English (April 29 article) he could be more effective by pointing out advantages speaking English allows immigrants')('2006050', 'Photo of Bruce Springsteen performing at opening weekend of New Orleans Jazz and Heritage Festival and photos of Alex Kaprano of Franz Ferdinand, Madonna and Karen O of Yeah Yeah Yeahs performing at Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival in Indio, Calif')('2006050', 'New York City Fire Department issues four summons to SCA Asbestos Removal in Brooklyn after propane tank explosion atop 84th Precinct police station roof; citations are for not having fire guard and improper equipment certification; company manager does not return call seeking comment (S)')('2006050', "Ben Alexander letter, prompted by April 29 article on new Spanish version of US national anthem and Pres Bush's negative response, says it is not Bush's job to give anybody patriotism lessons; drawing")('2006050', 'Ed Yellin letter on April 26 Side Effects column says that scientists have sense of humor, but are not encouraged to show humor in their research papers')('2006050', "Richard Sandomir TV Sports column discusses NFL Network analyst Mike Mayock's coverage of NFL draft (M)")('2006050', 'Jay Hutchings letter, prompted by April 29 article on controversy over new Spanish version of US national anthem, says regardless of language it is sung in, anthem is impossible to dance to')('2006050', 'Ronald Rubin letter says if, as Frank Rich says in April 30 column, only person who can save administration from itself in Iraq is Pres Bush, then administration is surely doomed')('2006050', 'Naomi U Kaminsky letter, commenting on April 29 article about controversy over new Spanish version of US national anthem, says argument is politicizing something that is not political')('2006050', 'Gerald Pane letter says Nicholas D Kristof hit mark with April 30 column about obstacles in gaining teaching certification')('2006050', "Jeff E Jared letter, prompted by April 29 article on new Spanish version of US national anthem supporting immigrants' rights movement, says translation is highest form of flattery")('2006050', "California state university system hires Barry Munitz, former president of J Paul Getty Trust who left amid questions about use of trust's money, as professor at Los Angeles campus; photo (S)")('2006050', 'Environmental Protection Agency fines New York City $27,000 for not meeting clean water standards in March; federal officials say city improperly opened and closed Catskill aqueduct valve causing water clouding; New York City Environmental Protection Department spokesman Charles G Sturcken says increased chlorination eliminated cloudiness (S)')('2006050', 'Last song written by Johnny Cash will be included on American V: A Hundred Highways, last album he recorded in months before his death in 2003; photo (S)')('2006050', "Warrant Officer Fay's studio, with laptop for blogging, in Falluja. In this life I've enjoyed a number of well-deserved titles- Father. Son. Brother. Uncle. Marine. Artist. Friend. Recovering Alcoholic. High School Senior Class Salutorian. I've also been the object of less desirable, but equally well-earned descriptors: Ex-Husband. College Dropout (thrice). Drunk. Defaulter. Lately a good [...]")('2006050', 'I spent some of the past month and a half visiting old-fashioned Italian restaurants -- mostly outside Manhattan -- that have been around for many years and that make little or no attempt to be trendy. They typically favor corny charm over contemporary style.')('2006050', "ProdigalBorough, the Staten Island blog started by Russell Farhang and Cynthia von Buhler, has relaunched in a new format. One highlight: Russell's documentation of his ferry commute to midtown, with pictures and timestamps. The trip takes an hour. I wrote about Russell and Cynthia in my column last September. They spent a year on the [...]")('2006050', "Another Google map mashup turned into a property locator has arrived, this time for apartments. Go to MyNewPlace.com to see this iteration. It focuses on big apartment buildings. Erick Schonfeld over at Business 2.0's blog has an explanation of it. He notes that the site goes to large apartment buildings to get listings. It will [...]")('2006050', 'The authors of "Freakonomics" have found the National Association of Realtors\' new blog. And they waste no time cutting it apart. The question, of course, is whether real estate agents make their clients more money than if they go it alone. The N.A.R. says yes, about $31,800 on average. Stephen Dubner responds: Unfortunately, there\'s no [...]')('2006050', "N.Y. Post's Gimme Shelter: Katie Couric reportedly buys an $8 million 5-bedroom house in Southampton; Denzel Washington supposedly passes on an apartment in a former church; Developer Harry Macklowe is said to be buying multiple apartments at the Plaza Hotel for a total of nearly $35 million. L.A. Times's Hot Property: Pamela Anderson lists Malibu [...]")('2006050', "EMI has twice failed to merge with trans-Atlantic rival Warner Music Group, and the latest attempt - Monday's approach valued at $4.2 billion - was quickly rejected. But on Wednesday, many analysts and unnamed sources opined that, despite the obvious hurdles to a deal, a combination of the two was likely to happen. The Financial [...]")('2006050', "Some questions for candidates yield stark, stunning differences. Perhaps our first question for Cory Booker and Ronald L. Rice - about their most memorable Sharpe James moment - fits in that category. Other questions reveal similarities, with shades of divergent emphasis. Consider the candidates' answers to question No. 3: Who is your political hero and [...]")('2006050', "And then there were three. Ameristar Casinos said Wednesday that it has withdrawn its proposal to buy Aztar, leaving three other suitors to vie for the casino operator, whose Tropicana resort sits on prime real estate in Las Vegas. Bidders have been steadily raising their bids for Aztar in recent weeks, and Ameristar's last offer [...]")('2006050', 'How can Newark get a handle on the violent street gangs that have left dozens dead in recent years, infested neighborhoods with drugs and dealers and left witnesses too scared to testify against accused murderers in court? Both Ronald L. Rice and Cory Booker have laid out plans to study the issue and add more [...]')('2006050', 'In this lesson, students conduct research and write segments for a news program on current and proposed peace talks around the world, using the Darfur peace talks in Abuja, Nigeria as a starting point.')('2006050', 'Forbes takes a close look at Warburg Pincus, portraying the old-line private equity shop as a maverick that avoids the mammoth "club deals" that have become so popular of late. As the likes of Texas Pacific, Carlyle, Blackstone and Kohlberg Kravis Roberts team up on massive buyouts of companies like the General Motors Acceptance Corporation [...]')('2006050', 'An amazing mock commercial for the fictional Apple iTalk cellphone.')('2006050', "Morgan Stanley continues to take steps to bolster its presence in alternative investments, a lucrative area in which it has lagged some of its investment banking rivals. The company said Wednesday it had named Stuart Bohart, a managing director chosen to lead Morgan Stanley's prime brokerage unit just five months ago, as head of alternative [...]")('2006050', 'Ronald L. Rice and Cory Booker (AP Photo/Mike Derer) The residents and students who came to see the candidates forum at Rutgers-Newark last night seemed hungry for a fight. The moderator had to repeatedly ask the crowd to stay silent. But up on the dais, the action was far more demure. State Senator Ronald L. [...]')('2006050', 'The French-Belgian bank Dexia is "almost certainly" on a list of ING\'s European takeover targets, according to unnamed sources quoted by The Financial Times. ING\'s chief executive, Michel Tilmant, has been closed-mouthed about the banking and insurance company\'s acquisition plans, but the newspaper\'s sources insist he may be considering a big takeover. Shares of Dexia [...]')('2006050', "Kohlberg Kravis Roberts, the world's largest buyout firm, completed a landmark $5 billion initial public offering for one of its funds on the Euronext exchange on Wednesday. The offering was more than three times bigger than what the private equity house had previously indicated and the largest so far this year on the Euronext. KKR [...]")('2006050', 'Readers respond to Thomas Friedman\'s May 3 column, "Let\'s (Third) Party" Andrew Likuski, Oakland, Calif.: I\'m very happy to hear you pushing plug-in hybrids and a green energy revolution. However, why don\'t you ever talk about the most fundamental problem: cars? Cars, no matter what their energy source, are not compatible with a healthy society, [...]')('2006050', 'MasterCard set an estimated price range for its planned initial public offering that could value the credit card association at up to $5.8 billion. The company, owned by member banks, said in a regulatory filing Wednesday that it expects to sell a 46 percent stake to the public at a price of $40 to $43 [...]')('2006050', 'The number of mergers and acquisitions involving small-cap companies increased by 17 percent to 76 deals in the first quarter, according to CFO.com, which cites a report from Merrill Lynch. The rise will likely continue, the report says, thanks largely to the lack of organic growth among companies worth between $200 million and $1 billion. [...]')('2006050', 'The Nasdaq Stock Market has strengthened its grip on the London Stock Exchange by increasing its stake in its British counterpart to 18.7 percent. Nasdaq, which previously held nearly 15 percent of the London exchange, said it bought an additional 9.8 million shares for 1,218 pence each, or 119.2 million pounds ($219.4 million). The widely [...]')('2006050', "The blogorrific debate over whether President Bush's presidency more resembles that of Richard Nixon or Jimmy Carter continues apace, prompted this time by a new Gallup poll showing Bush with an approval rating of 34 percent, his all-time low. Jonathan Schwarz, at his Tiny Revolution blog, posts charts that compare Bush's approval and disapproval ratings [...]")('2006050', 'Time Warner is holding discussions with Liberty Media about buying Liberty\'s stake in the cable channel Court TV, Time Warner\'s chief executive, Richard Parsons, said Wednesday in a conference call with analysts. The 50-50 joint venture that owns Court TV is the only direct commercial interest between the two media giants. Reuters reports: "We are [...]')('2006050', '"In 1981, Americans spent about five percent of their disposable income on petrol; today it is three percent," writes Gerard Baker in the Times of London. "Think of it this way: these days, Americans complain bitterly when they have to pay $3 for a gallon of gas, but are quite happy to pay the equivalent [...]')('2006050', 'Louis Rukeyser, the exquisitely tailored and pun-loving television host who helped millions of Americans believe that they could get rich in the stock market, or at least begin to understand it, died yesterday at his home in Greenwich, Conn. He was 73. Go to Article From The New York Times »')('2006050', 'A Bethesda, Md., developer, Theodore N. Lerner, and his family were wrapping up final details with Major League Baseball Tuesday night on the purchase of the Washington Nationals for $450 million after a year-long competition during which they won the confidence of Commissioner Bud Selig. Go to Article from The Washington Post »')('2006050', 'There may be signs of distress among distressed debt investors, driven by a lack of opportunities as fund managers scramble for new investment choices. Hedge funds soaked up $24 billion in investments during the first quarter of 2006, according to Hedge Fund Research in Chicago, bringing the industry total to $1.18 trillion. Investments flowed into [...]')('2006050', "The French media firm Thomson's announcement yesterday that it is exploring financing options, most notably with Silver Lake Partners, poured cold water on reports that Silver Lake would acquire it, saying it is exploring several financing options. But the development led to speculation that Thomson might be planning acquisitions. Go to Article from The Daily [...]")('2006050', 'Former Dallas Cowboys quarterback Troy Aikman is making a play in the real estate business. Mr. Aikman - who already owns an auto dealership in North Texas and does sports broadcasting - has become a principal and investor in Direct Development, a local shopping center company. Go to Article from The Dallas Morning News »')('2006050', 'A woman has filed a lawsuit accusing a high-ranking Toyota executive of sexually harassing her when she worked as his personal assistant. In a complaint filed in New York, the woman said that Hideaki Otaka, president and chief executive of Toyota Motor North America , made repeated unwanted sexual advances after she began working for [...]')('2006050', 'A jury of eight women and four men was chosen yesterday in Houston in the retrial of Kevin A. Howard, a former finance vice president for Enron Broadband Services, and Michael W. Krautz, a former accountant. Mr. Howard and Mr. Krautz each face charges of wire fraud, falsifying records and conspiracy stemming from the Enron [...]')('2006050', "Microsoft will pay $70 million to thousands of California government agencies in the latest legal settlement spurred by price-gouging allegations against the world's largest computer software maker. Go to Article from The San Francisco Chronicle »")('2006050', 'A week before New York Mercantile Exchange members vote on a new board, two former exchange bosses are fighting over the future of the world\'s largest energy market. Former Nymex Chairman Michel Marks fired off a letter to members last week charging that the downtown exchange is rife with "cronyism, uncontested elections and insider deals." [...]')('2006050', 'Deephaven Capital Management, the hedge fund adviser, settled charges of insider trading yesterday after financial regulators said the firm had pushed down stock prices with illegally obtained information. Deephaven, a unit of the Knight Capital Group of Jersey City, agreed to pay a $5.7 million penalty, while a former portfolio manager at the firm, Bruce [...]')('2006050', 'The chief executive of UnitedHealth Group apologized to shareholders at the annual meeting Tuesday, saying he regretted that the issue of stock options had become a huge news event for the typically low-key company. UnitedHealth had granted stock options to the chief executive, William W. McGuire, worth some $1.6 billion, drawing criticism from institutional and [...]')('2006050', "Ending a protracted boardroom battle, Volkswagen announced Tuesday that it would extend for five years the contract of its chief executive, Bernd Pischetsrieder, despite the qualms of employees and an earlier expression of no confidence by the company's chairman. Go to Article from The New York Times »")('2006050', "Apple Computer has renewed contracts with the world's four largest music companies to sell songs through its iTunes Music Store after blocking their attempts to end iTunes' flat-rate pricing scheme, Apple said on Tuesday. Apple's chief executive, Steve Jobs, argued that offering songs for a single price - 99 cents in the United States, 79 [...]")('2006050', "During his six days on the stand, Kenneth L. Lay battled to resurrect his reputation as a business leader. But the former Enron chief executive's refusal to accept that he was in a court of law, and not the corporate boardroom that he dominated for nearly two decades, could be his undoing. To the surprise [...]")('2006050', 'After its sale of television stations in San Francisco and Detroit faltered earlier this year, Granite Broadcasting found a new buyer to acquire the properties, though at a $30 million discount. Granite said Tuesday that it is selling the stations, affiliates of the WB Television Network, for $150 million in cash to an operation backed [...]')('2006050', "Nautic Partners has acquired Big Train for about $100 million after a year or so spent stalking the mixed beverage supplier. Specifics weren't disclosed, although Nautic Principal Fraser Preston said the debt-to-equity ratio was roughly one to one, meaning the firm put in about $50 million from its $1.1 billion Nautic Partners V LP fund. [...]")('2006050', "VNU, the world's biggest market research company, expects a controversial $9 billion buyout offer to win the support of investors after the dollar's fall. Aad Jacobs, chairman of VNU's supervisory board, told the Wall Street Journal in an interview that the offer made in euros has become more attractive as the dollar has declined in [...]")('2006050', 'KAI Pharmaceuticals, a biotechnology company, said on Tuesday it completed a $35 million private equity financing. It will use the proceeds to advance products in its pipeline. The financing, led by a Swedish firm, Investor Growth Capital, and Aberdare Ventures of San Francisco, increases the total raised by the KAI to $63 million. Go to [...]')('2006050', "Sphere.com, a blog search company, officially introduced its Web site on Tuesday and announced that it had secured $3.75 million in series A funding, led by Trident Capital. The company's blog search site allows people to search on keywords or browse through blogs on about 15,000 topics. Despite the high sign-up rate for the beta, [...]")('2006050', 'The ethanol boom is leading to drunken speculation, according to Breakingviews. High oil prices and U.S. clean air regulations have temporarily made distilling corn into fuel more profitable than refining gasoline. And eventually, producing ethanol from agricultural waste will be cheaper than corn. But Breakingviews says investors are combining and confusing the two stories. Go [...]')('2006050', 'Corel said it had raised $69 million through its recent public offering, after pricing its shares at the low end of previous guidance, and it has acquired WinZip Computing from its controlling shareholder. The Ottawa-based software company, which was acquired and taken off the stock market by San Francisco-based Vector Capital in late 2003, said [...]')('2006050', 'Home Diagnostics has registered for an initial public offering of up to $115 million in common stock, according to a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The company, based in Fort Lauderdale, Fla., makes blood glucose monitoring systems and disposable supplies for diabetics. Go to Article from The San Francisco Chronicle »')('2006050', 'MasterCard, the credit card association that is preparing to go public, said on Tuesday first-quarter profit rose by more than one-third, as consumers and businesses spent more on its cards. MasterCard said net income increased to $127 million, or $1.27 a share, from $93 million, or 93 cents a share. Go to Article from Reuters [...]')('2006050', 'The mattress giant Sealy and the energy company Complete Production Services were among the initial public offerings in April, which turned out to be a healthy month for new issues. Sixteen new I.P.O.s priced in April, compared with nine in March and seven in April 2005. Proceeds approached $3.7 billion, up from $2 billion in [...]')('2006050', "Troubled Internet retailer Overstock.com, reeling from a cash-flow crisis, announced it has privately placed 1 million shares of stock yesterday at a below-market price, raising $25 million. Overstock officials refused to say who had bought the stock, but the issuance of new shares comes after months of insistence by Overstock's C.E.O. Patrick Byrne that the [...]")('2006050', 'Burger King expects to raise $375 million to $425 million through its initial public offering, according to an S.E.C. filing the company made Tuesday. The company expects to sell about 25 million shares at an estimated price between $15 and $17 a share. Some of that money will go to underwriters But private equity backers [...]')('2006050', "Deutsche Bank, Europe's biggest securities firm, said first-quarter profit rose a greater-than- expected 55 percent on record revenue from sales and trading. Net income increased to 1.7 billion euros ($2.1 billion), or 3.3 euros a share, from 1.1 billion euros, or 2.09 euros, a year earlier. Go to Article from Bloomberg News » Go to [...]")('2006050', "Bank of America has hired a high-ranking Federal Bureau of Investigation veteran to lead its corporate security division. Chris Swecker, assistant director of the criminal investigative division and acting executive assistant director for law-enforcement services at the F.B.I., will oversee BofA's global security initiatives including protective services, investigative services and homeland security. Go to Article [...]")('2006050', "U.S. wind-power company Community Energy agreed yesterday to be bought for $30 million by Iberdrola, a big Spanish rival. The Wayne, Pa.-based company said it was selling out because wind's sudden emergence as a competitive alternative has made it difficult for a small company to obtain equipment increasingly in short supply. Go to Article from [...]")('2006050', "The auctioneer's gavel should slam down tomorrow on hip-hop magazine The Source. When it is over, The Source's founder, David Mays, will see the stock he once held as the controlling shareholder passed to a new owner who will try to revive the magazine he founded more than a decade ago. Go to Article from [...]")('2006050', 'I.B.M. announced Tuesday that it would acquire BuildForge, a member of its developer network, for an undisclosed sum. The privately held Austin, Tex. company offers an audit software system that helps companies document the creation process of applications from development to deployment. BuildForge was already a Ready for IBM Rational software business partner, developing their [...]')('2006050', 'Simon Property Group, the largest owner of U.S. shopping malls, agreed to buy seven Federated Department Stores buildings located at Simon malls in Massachusetts, Indiana and New Hampshire. Terms were not disclosed. Federated, based in Cincinnati, is selling outlets it closed after acquiring May Department Stores for $11 billion last year. The sale to Simon [...]')('2006050', "The Nasdaq Stock Market's purchase of a 15 percent stake of the London Stock Exchange has succeeded in turning away one potential competitor as Euronext on Wednesday said it is no longer interested in buying the British exchange. Euronext specifically cited the Nasdaq's stake purchase as its reason for backing out of contention to buy [...]")('2006050', "The Department of Justice has extended its antitrust investigation of AT&T's nearly $90 billion acquisition of BellSouth, company officials confirmed Tuesday. The Justice Department had until Monday to clear the merger if it found no competitive issues warranting further review. Approval of the merger is almost assured. But the agency is widely expected to impose [...]")('2006050', 'The digital storage company Quantum announced late Tuesday it would buy Advanced Digital Information for about $770 million, bringing together two companies with more than $1.2 billion in combined revenue over the last year, though at opposite sides of the data storage market. Go to Article from The Seattle Post-Intelligencer » Go to Article from [...]')('2006050', "As they gear up for this weekend's annual meeting in Omaha, Neb. - an event that will feature a backyard barbecue at Nebraska Furniture Mart - shareholders of Berkshire Hathaway may be trying to guess which publicly traded company that Warren Buffett will go after next. Two potential targets may be Harley-Davidson and Mattel, Bloomberg [...]")('2006050', "Transurban Group, the second-biggest toll road owner in Australia, agreed to buy Virginia's Pocahontas Parkway for $611 million, gaining its first highway in the United States. Transurban, based in Melbourne, bought the rights to manage, operate and maintain the 8.8 mile highway, known as State Route 895, for 99 years, the company said. Go to [...]")('2006050', 'Resolution, the biggest closed-life fund consolidator in Britain, is in talks to acquire 29 billion pounds of closed life fund assets owned by Abbey, the bank controlled by Banco Santander Central Hispano, in an estimated 4 billion pound deal, The Times of London said. The transaction, which is still at an early stage, would catapult [...]')('2006050', 'The British airport owner BAA said on Wednesday it had formally advised shareholders to reject Grupo Ferrovial\'s 8.75 billion pound ($16.08 billion) takeover bid. "My message to shareholders is: Don\'t sell your shares. It\'s not the right time. It\'s not the right price," BAA\'s chief executive. Mike Clasper. said in a statement. Go to Article [...]')('2006050', 'Health Care Property Investors, the largest healthcare REIT in the United States, said Tuesday that it would acquire CNL Retirement Properties, the No. 3 company in the industry, for $3.6 billion in cash and stock. The combination is the largest transaction ever in the industry. Health Care Properties will also assume $1.6 billion in CNL [...]')('2006050', "The Aramark management buyout announced yesterday is fraught with potential conflicts, according to Breakingviews. Spearheading the bid is Aramark's longtime chairman and chief executive, who, along with his deputies, controls almost half the votes. Furthermore, the caterer's 2001 underwriters, Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley, are financing the $5.8 billion deal. Breakingviews sees the conflicts as [...]")('2006050', "DreamWorks Animation, built by the Hollywood titans Jeffrey Katzenberg, David Geffen, and Steven Spielberg, is at least one Shrek short of a hot streak. Disappointing earnings, sinking stock and a possible share sale are fueling lively Hollywood chatter that DreamWorks migjt be headed for an acquisition. The most likely acquirer is Viacom's Paramount Pictures, which [...]")('2006050', 'Things got off to a rocky start as the British music giant EMI Group rekindled its on-again off-again courtship of the Warner Music Group in the United States. Reacting to reports that a bid was in the works, EMI said in a press release Wednesday that it had approached Warner Music on Monday in connection [...]')('2006050', "Illustrated reflections on the dodo, the Bolsheviks, Pavlov's dog and other things no longer around.")('2006050', 'New York Assn of Convenience Stores sues Gov George E Pataki administration for not enforcing law requiring collection of taxes from cigarette sales on Indian reservations (S)')('2006050', 'New York City Council Speaker Christine C Quinn proposes program to equip Greenmarkets in Harlem, South Bronx and central Brooklyn with handheld scanners to read electronic food stamp cards; Quinn says plan, along with marketing campaign, would encourage food stamp recipients to purchase fresh foods; photo (S)')('2006050', 'Nadia El-Badry letter says questions values of illegal immigrants who boycotted school and work to demonstrate')('2006050', 'Carol Haskill letter says protests around country make clear that 11 million people in US illegally are not going to go home, and are here to stay because lawmakers have looked the other way in deference to business interests')('2006050', "Steven Hong leter says May 2 editorial supporting 'immigrant rights' movement obfuscates difference between legal and illegal immigrants; asks how those who bypass legal process are entitled to preferential route to citizenship or any other rights")('2006050', 'New York City Mayor Michael R Bloomberg says law adopted last year that prohibits people aged 18, 19 and 20 from possessing items commonly used in creating graffiti may not be constitutional; federal judge has issued preliminary injunction on enforcement of law while suit against city by group of young artists proceeds (S)')('2006050', 'Mark Bittman Minimalist column gives recipe for Cambodian fish stir-fry with ginger; recipe (M)')('2006050', 'Federal government to stockpile 75 million doses of antiviral drugs and 20 million doses of vaccine to combat flu pandemic; response plan to be unveiled by White House puts health and human services secretary in lead position, with Homeland Security Department in supporting role (M)')('2006050', "Michael Molesworth letter objects to May 2 editorial implying that 'worst' Americans are those expecting immigration laws to be enforced and suggesting that those who enter illegally are somehow entitled to clear path to citizenship; points out that 'immigrant rights' cannot apply to those with no right to be in US")('2006050', "Gloria D Howard letter says Stephen Colbert, in appearance at White House Correspondents dinner, managed to tell more truths about America's political condition in few minutes than print media has done in six months")('2006050', "Selena Roberts Sports of The Times column discusses accusations that referees did not call Cleveland Cavaliers guard LeBron James's foul during his game-winning shot against Washington Wizards in playoffs (M)")('2006050', 'Iacopo Falai, chef and owner of Falai (NYC), describes his fascination with combining elements that are sweet and savory in his menu; recipe for hazelnut cakes with fennel confit; photos (L)')('2006050', 'Esperienze line of wine glasses, which claims to positively affect flavor and bouquet of wine, described; photo (M)')('2006050', "Peter Sills letter on David Brooks April 30 column about American preferences in politicians says that after years of dubious policies 'interesting but neurotic' Democrats are looking pretty stable")('2006050', 'Florence Fabricant Pairing article gives recipe for dessert to go with sweet lambic beer; recipe (M)')('2006050', 'New York Yankees could face Boston Red Sox at Fenway Park (Boston, Mass) five times in August if rainout game is rescheduled (M)')('2006050', "Research published in AMA Journal finds that certain antidepressants and other medications may help women who want help with menopausal hot flashes but do not want to take hormones; cautions that drugs have side effects and are 'not optimal' choices; report by Dr Heidi Nelson is based on review of 43 studies of various drugs and nonprescription extracts from soy and red clover, none of which are approved by FDA to treat hot flashes (M)")('2006050', 'Correction of April 26 article on Washington State oysters')('2006050', 'John Kroll says message of offering amnesty to illegal immigrants is that once they get here they can stay')('2006050', 'American sales of sport utility vehicles and pickup trucks are down as gas prices approach $3 a gallon; decrease in sales may signal realignment of SUV segment causing automakers to focus on smaller vehicles; number of light-truck sales has steadily declined since peak of 55.7 percent of all vehicle sales in 2004; competition from foreign makers further complicates market; photo; graphs (M)')('2006050', 'Edward I Koch letter on May 2 editorial that apparently takes positon that anyone anywhere in world who wants to can cross US borders illegally and be entitled to citizenship; asks whether, if Congress legalizes status of 11 million illegals now, another 11 million would be entitled to citizenship in twenty years time')('2006050', 'DEA Admr Karen P Tandy letter says agency does not limit potency of marijuana for research purposes')('2006050', 'Avocado fries recipe given as alternative to Mexican chips and salsa; photo (S)')('2006050', 'Ellen D Murphy letter on being touched by immigrant demonstrator with sign saying he hungers for the American Dream')('2006050', 'Matthew Inman, off-duty agent with Federal Bureau of Investigation, is killed when motorcycle he is riding hits bus stopped at red light on Upper East Side of Manhattan (S)')('2006050', 'New York City police release details about man posing as police officer who is suspected of accosting four girls between ages of 10 and 15 in Brooklyn and Queens in last three weeks of April (S)')('2006050', 'Body of Melvin D Sharpless, Baltimore, Md, man missing since November, 2005, is found in trunk of car in Harlem, NYC; was shot once in head (S)')('2006050', 'CBS is first in ratings for Monday night with show CSI: Miami attracting 18.68 million viewers; photo (S)')('2006050', 'Pecan praline crunch topped cheesecake from Artisanal (NYC Restaurant) is now available retail either through restaurant or online; photo (M)')('2006050', 'Jane Phillips letter says increased gas taxes should be spent on developing better mass transit')('2006050', "Debra McCall letter on whether high school types incline voters to select particular political affiliations; points out that George W Bush, Dick Cheney and crowd were preoccupied with cheerleading, football, wrestling and plotting politics during 1960's, when their peers were marching for peace")('2006050', 'Vivian Hoffman letter says she will send her child to school with no cellphone when streets are free of predators, trains and buses are never rerouted and pay phones work on every corner')('2006050', 'Chris Robbins letter agrees with David Brooks that Americans do not like to vote for anyone they would not have eaten lunch with in high school')('2006050', 'Matt Richtel and Darrin Bell cartoons illustrate some privacy concerns that arise because of cellphones and computers (M)')('2006050', 'Larry Hoffner letter says banning cellphones on school property is overreaction to minor problem that is easily solved by confiscating phones used improperly in school')('2006050', "Mayor Michael R Bloomberg and City Council Speaker Christine C Quinn announce that city's Office of Management and Budget will provide more detailed spending information in annual budget for two agencies, Administration for Children's Services and Department of Small Business Services, beginning with fiscal year that starts on July 1, 2007 (S)")('2006050', 'Wayne Trujillo letter says demonstrations around country were breathtaking victory not just for immigrants but forall Latinos')('2006050', 'This week I spent a happy Tuesday afternoon doing one of the things I most like to do. I was teaching - or trying to teach- a student how to write. Success in this area comes hard. The occasion for the lesson was a final paper that displayed a range of organizational and grammatical problems. [...]')('2006050', 'Articles in The Times about important rulings by federal judges often include a mention of the president who nominated the judge.')('2006050', "To our server's credit, he was at our table just seconds after we had been seated. But his opening lines immediately turned me off.")('2006050', 'Ronald L. Rice campaigning in the West Ward (Suzanne DeChillo/The New York Times) To call the area around Central Avenue and 9th Street in Newark\'s West Ward "gritty" risks doing a disservice to grit. Dilapidated houses flank an empty lot where a firehouse used to stand. Trash and litters the street. Few wall surfaces are [...]')('2006050', 'French Super Aguri driver Franck Montagny. (AFP) Damien Meyer. Arriving at the Nürburgring this afternoon, the conversation was about how Yuji Ide, a Japanese driver at the Super Aguri team, would be replaced by Franck Montagny, a Frenchman, at the European Grand Prix on Sunday. Ide is the driver who caused the massive accident on [...]')('2006050', 'Articles in The Times about important rulings by federal judges often include a mention of the president who nominated the judge.')('2006050', 'Money manager Mario J. Gabelli settled a bitter legal battle with two of his original investors on Thursday, after losing a major round in the case in March when a judge granted a partial summary judgment against him. Under the settlement, the two investors who sued Mr. Gabelli will get shares in his publicly traded [...]')('2006050', 'From left, Ronald Rice, David Blount, Cory Booker and Nancy Rosenstock joke together before the start of the debate (Aaron Houston for The New York Times) When Cory Booker mocked Ronald L. Rice for stumbling over the word "interpretation" near the end of last night\'s debate, a collective gasp rose up from the group of [...]')('2006050', 'Shares of InterContinental Hotels Group jumped to an all-time high on Thursday after a British newspaper said that private equity house Permira Advisers was considering making a bid for the hotel company. The stock rose 5.9 percent to about 10 British pounds per share in London trading, giving InterContinental a market capitalization of 4.37 billion [...]')('2006050', 'The buyout firms Bain Capital, Carlyle Group and Thomas H. Lee Partners have joined forces to explore a bid for Michaels Stores, Reuters reported Thursday. Michaels, a retailer of crafts supplies with a market capitalization of more than $5 billion, said in March that it hired J.P. Morgan Chase to consider strategic options including a [...]')('2006050', 'Applied Materials, a manufacturer of chip equipment, said Thursday it would buy Applied Films for $464 million in cash. Applied Films makes thin-film deposition equipment, which are used to create flat-panel displays and solar cells. Though the deal is a small one for Applied Materials, which has a market capitalization of more than $29 billion, [...]')('2006050', 'You can, of course, trade stocks online. If that is too stressful or too expensive, you can pretend to trade stocks on game sites. If that is too boring, there are all kinds of online "markets" that allow trading in everything from celebrities to disease epidemics. And then there is Alexadex, which lets players bet [...]')('2006050', "One day before a deadline for shareholders to accept or reject its proposal, a private equity consortium has increased its offer to buy the Dutch media company, VNU , to $9.7 billion. The previous bid of $9.4 billion faced opposition from at least two major VNU shareholders, and Thursday's higher bid suggested that the bidding [...]")('2006050', 'As investment banks scramble for ways to make their stock research more profitable, Lehman Brothers has latched on to a new strategy. The Wall Street Journal on Thursday recounts how Lehman is shifting some research analysts to the trading desk, where they give advice to clients over the phone rather than pumping out research reports. [...]')('2006050', 'DynCorp International, a private-equity-backed provider of military contracting services, priced its initial public offering late Wednesday at $15 a share, the low end of the expected $15 to $17 range. The stock hovered at about $15 as it began trading Thursday on the New York Stock Exchange. The offering of 25 million shares raised $325.5 [...]')('2006050', "Ales Kristancic of the Movia estate in Slovenia. (Alice Fiorilli for The New York Times) Last night I had the pleasure of dinner with Ales Kristancic, who with his father, Mirko, runs Movia, one of my favorite wine estates. Never heard of Movia? I'm not surprised. Movia is in Slovenia, just across the Italian border [...]")('2006050', "Students examine The New York Times' coverage of immigrants' rights in order to gain an understanding of how different news angles function in journalism.")('2006050', "There has been plenty of publicity over Wal-Mart Stores' recently stated desire to open a bank. But we would wager that few people were aware that the retail giant has just dipped its toe into private equity investing. Eight months after announcing that it would establish a $25 million private equity fund to help businesses [...]")('2006050', "I find it incredible that Brazil, a country with a fraction of the U.S.'s resources and money, is light-years ahead in weaning itself off of gasoline.")('2006050', 'He was best known for the elan and charm with which he dispensed his opinions and advice on "Wall Street Week" for 32 years. But Louis Rukeyser, who died Tuesday at the age of 73, had another longstanding gig. He was a 20-year dog show judge, espousing what he called a "scientific, objective, dispassionate way" [...]')('2006050', "Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP announced Thursday that it had appointed 32 attorneys to counsel. Last month, the firm named 30 new partners. Here's the list: Peter X. Huang Corporate Beijing Scott D. Brown Intellectual Property Boston Timothy F. Nelson Employee Benefits & Executive Compensation Boston Nikolaos M. Peristerakis European Community Brussels Jeffrey [...]")('2006050', 'Shares of Eastman Kodak tumbled as much as 8.9 percent on Thursday after the photography and imaging giant reported quarterly financial results that were far worse than Wall Street had expected and said it would consider a sale of its health unit. The stock recovered somewhat in late-afternoon trading, when it was down about 3.7 [...]')('2006050', 'Readers respond to Bob Herbert\'s May 4 column, "When Warriors Come Home." Kempton D. Baldridge, Waterloo, Belgium: Thanks so much for today\'s column. Would that more people were reading your column instead of listening to the spin being put out by the White House or Fox - a tautology, to be sure. Having served in [...]')('2006050', 'Until now, our written questions for Ronald L. Rice and Cory Booker have focused on politics and history. We asked about their memories and differences with Mayor Sharpe James, the powerful incumbent who has run Newark for 20 years, and about the leader they most admired. Today, we switch gears. Recognizing that Newarkers demand a [...]')('2006050', 'Readers respond to David Brooks\'s May 4 column, "The Paranoid Style": Leo Myers, Stockton, Calif.: The Republican base is certainly anchored in the so-called Christian fundamentalist movement. The fact is that Bush has appointed a large number of people who have as their sole qualification being Christian. These people have been generally incompetent, ignorant ideologues [...]')('2006050', 'Our national Colbert crisis has yet to abate. Salon editor Joan Walsh revealed in an essay Wednesday that the blogorrhea over Stephen Colbert\'s appearance at the White House Correspondents\' Association dinner created a traffic spike at her magazine worthy of a major news event. Driven by readers flocking to "The truthiness hurts," Salon Washington correspondent [...]')('2006050', "Gilbert White's Selborne Journal: Tuesday, 4 May 1784: 30 1/3/10; 51, 57; NE, SE. Fog, sun, summer weather. Ashes blow. Some beeches in the short Lythe are bursting into leaf. Timothy the tortoise weighs 6 pd 13 oun: he weighed at first coming out last year only 6 pd 11 1/4 oun: He eat this [...]")('2006050', "Real estate developer Theodore N. Lerner is the new principal owner of the Washington Nationals, ending four years of Major League Baseball owning the team and nearly two years of deciding who the new owner should be. The price tag was $450 million, which, after costs and losses, will be distributed among the league's 29 [...]")('2006050', 'It already counted big names such as Google and Goldman Sachs among its backers. Now Current Communications, which develops technology for providing broadband Internet access over power lines, says it has hauled in an additional $130 million in funding from a group including new investors General Electric, EarthLink and Texas utility company TXU. TXU plans [...]')('2006050', "Slate's Dahlia Lithwick applauds the Zacarias Moussaoui jurors for sparing the life of the 9/11 conspirator: This decision, which will doubtless bring with it some serious national fallout, is more subtle, and more courageous, than the prosecution itself. Acting as a check on a runaway state, these jurors refused to allow a government needing a [...]")('2006050', 'Hedge funds have become enticing acquisition targets for asset managers who want to get into the alternative investment game, or just bolster their offerings in that area, TheStreet.com reports. Hong Kong-based PMA Capital Management and Boston-based Vanderbilt Capital Advisors were both snapped up by asset management firms in two separate deals late last month. And [...]')('2006050', 'Forbes magazine is quietly looking for investors, according to Advertising Age, which quotes unnamed sources speculating that the private, family-run magazine wants to expand operations in Europe. A spokesperson told Advertising Age that Forbes "has had discussions from time to time with potential partners" but would not comment beyond that. In 2002, Forbes denied reports [...]')('2006050', "Cory Booker (Chester Higgins Jr./The New York Times) Who is Cory Booker? It's a question we tried answering in a profile in today's Times. The story is accompanied by four short video segments from our 90-minute interview with Mr. Booker at his Central Ward headquarters. Part 1 is about how Mr. Booker overcame his defeat [...]")('2006050', 'Alex de Waal, an American scholar who knows Darfur better than anyone and has been in Abuja to help craft the peace agreement, has written an email essay explaining the draft now being tinkered with. He argues that the agreement is the last best hope for Darfur and both urges the Sudanese government to make [...]')('2006050', "J.P. Morgan Chase named Jimmy Elliott and Dag Skattum as the bank's new global co-heads of mergers and acquisitions on Wednesday night. The appointments come after Robert Kindler, the former head of M&A, defected to Morgan Stanley to become vice chairman. Here's a copy of the internal e-mail sent out to the M&A group: Message [...]")('2006050', 'Eastman Kodak Company said Thursday that it is "exploring strategic alternatives " for its health group, maker of X-ray film, medical printers and other health-imaging products and services. The news came as the company announced it lost $298 million in the first quarter, its sixth consecutive loss. Kodak has hired Goldman Sachs to run an [...]')('2006050', "European Union regulators threatened Wednesday to sue Spain for shielding its biggest utility, Endesa, from a takeover bid by E.ON of Germany as part of a broader crackdown on resistance to cross-border mergers. The European Commission, the E.U.'s executive agency in Brussels, said it had given the Spanish government a first formal warning of a [...]")('2006050', "Clara Furse, the chief executive of the London Stock Exchange, plans to meet within two weeks with the chief executive of Nasdaq, which raised its stake in the L.S.E. this week, the Telegraph reported. The L.S.E.'s options became limited on Wednesday when Euronext said it was not in talks to acquire the British exchange. The [...]")('2006050', "The chief executive of XM Satellite Radio, the biggest U.S. provider of pay-radio service, sold most of his shares while making false statements about cost reductions, a group of investors claimed in a lawsuit. The suit, seeking to represent all investors, alleges that XM's chief executive, Hugh Panero, misled shareholders about XM's ability to reduce [...]")('2006050', "Research In Motion is hitting back at Visto, a smaller wireless e-mail rival that filed a patent suit against R.I.M., the maker of the BlackBerry handheld device, on Friday. R.I.M. sued Visto in U.S. District Court, seeking to have three of the smaller company's patents invalidated. Go to Article from TheStreet.com »")('2006050', "Sun Microsystems filed a countersuit Wednesday against Java hardware maker Azul Systems, arguing that the start-up infringed six Sun patents and misappropriated trade secrets to build its Java hardware. In addition, Sun argued that Azul's chief executive, Stephen DeWitt, a former Sun employee, violated an agreement not to compete with Sun, according to the lawsuit, [...]")('2006050', 'E.U. regulators said Wednesday they had fined seven chemical companies a total of 388 million euros ($490 million) for running a bleach cartel in the 1990s. The fines amount to one of the biggest totals ever imposed on an industry by the European Union. Go to Article from The International Herald Tribune »')('2006050', 'Defense lawyers in the Enron trial called on two accounting specialists on Wednesday to refute prosecution claims that the company had falsified its books. One accounting specialist told jurors yesterday that last-minute changes to quarterly earnings reports were routine at many companies and were not an indication of accounting fraud. Go to Article from The [...]')('2006050', 'Banished from the headquarters of the international insurance conglomerate he spent nearly 40 years assembling, Maurice R. "Hank" Greenberg is starting over at age 81. This time, the ousted chairman of American International Group is building a privately held insurance firm, with an "emphasis on private," he said in a recent interview with The Washington [...]')('2006050', 'The German government announced plans Wednesday to place hedge fund investments in the country under greater scrutiny after TCI Fund Management helped thwart the takeover last year of the London Stock Exchange by Deutsche Börse. Barbara Hendricks, the deputy finance minister, said that Germany would force the funds, as well as other investors like private [...]')('2006050', "Raytheon directors punished the chief executive, William H. Swanson, by taking away almost $1 million from his 2006 compensation Wednesday because he failed to give credit for material that was in a management book he wrote. Mr. Swanson's pay cut will come in two ways. His 2006 salary will be frozen at its 2005 level [...]")('2006050', 'Cable television delivered a strong first quarter for Time Warner, more than offsetting worsening results at its AOL unit, the company said Wednesday. Time Warner executives were optimistic about increasing growth in the cable business, citing the introduction of residential telephone and other digital services. The prognosis came despite a recent market perception that growing [...]')('2006050', 'A Kentucky technology executive pleaded guilty Wednesday to charges of bribing a member of Congress in an investigation that has centered on Representative William J. Jefferson, a Louisiana Democrat. Go to Article from The New York Times »')('2006050', 'After nearly three years of struggling to reconcile the leadership of its specialty unit with the parent studio, Warner Brothers has thrown in the towel and ushered out Mark Gill, the veteran independent film executive who started the Warner Independent Pictures division. Late Tuesday, Mr. Gill submitted his resignation from New York, where he was [...]')('2006050', 'Donald J. Trump will give the public a first look at his Trump Tower Philadelphia luxury condo tower Thursday night at an extravagant, star-studded party at the city\'s Union League. He said the $300 million luxury condominium will be on the same level as his towers in Las Vegas and Chicago and would "refine the [...]')('2006050', 'BB&T Capital Partners has closed on its Windsor Mezzanine Fund with capital commitments of $160 million, the company has announced. BB&T Capital Partners is a subsidiary of Branch Banking and Trust Company and its parent company, BB&T in Winston-Salem, N.C.. The Windsor Mezzanine Fund was formed in 2005 with investors including BB&T, Allied Capital and [...]')('2006050', "Robert Tchenguiz, the entrepreneur, is understood to have submitted a formal takeover bid for Mitchells & Butlers, the pub group that owns the All Bar One chain. The written offer came from Deutsche Bank, which is advising Mr. Tchenguiz's consortium, R20. It has been pitched at 550 pence a share and values M&B at 2.7 [...]")('2006050', 'German cities are lining up to invest in German property. Lured by low interest rates, a property market that has stagnated for more than a decade, and a vast supply of well-kept public housing, foreigners have already snapped up dozens of projects in Berlin, Bremen, Essen, and other German cities. In the past three years, [...]')('2006050', 'Proteus Biomedical, a tight-lipped company developing medical devices to treat congestive heart failure, has raised $32.7 million in Series C financing, VentureWire reported. New investor Essex Woodlands Health Ventures led the round, joined by existing investors Carlyle Group, Kaiser Permanente Ventures, Adams Street Partners, Fletcher Spaght Ventures, Asset Management, and Spring Ridge Ventures. Go to [...]')('2006050', "A personalized mobile e-mail service. An online storage system for digital content. A ring tone provider. Those were just a few of the ideas presented at this year's Wireless Ventures conference in San Jose as a number of startups tried to explain how they are going to break ground in the wireless arena. Go to [...]")('2006050', 'EPac Technologies has secured a $30.5 million Series C round as it prepares to begin fully automating its printing supply-chain services this fall. Investor Growth Capital led the March round, which included existing backer Menlo Ventures. Menlo led the company\'s $12.8 million Series B round in July 2003. EPac\'s Series A round was a "friends [...]')('2006050', "Sequoia Capital, a leading Silicon Valley venture capital fund, is deepening its presence in India by merging with WestBridge Capital, the country's leading source of funding for start-up technology companies. The U.S. fund's merger with WestBridge, which is based in Bangalore, is the latest in a slew of foreign entries into India's thin venture capital [...]")('2006050', "The French version of the new E.U. takeover law, enacted in February, allows companies to pre-authorize the issue of warrants in the event of a hostile takeover. Breakingviews sees these new French poison pills as, well, unwarranted. Bouygues has already got authorization to issue warrants. Suez and Saint Gobain are set to follow. It's a [...]")('2006050', 'AngioDynamics, a manufacturer of medical devices, may offer up to 2.7 million shares of its common stock to raise money for general corporate purposes. The company, which is based in Queensbury, N.Y., filed a form S-3 with the Securities and Exchange Commission on Tuesday, registering the shares for future sale. The offering is valued at [...]')('2006050', 'Rosneft, the Russian oil company that is believed to be planning to sell shares in London this summer, will publish a wide-ranging prospectus in the next few weeks to answer critics who accuse the company of unfairly taking the energy assets of another Russian oil company, Yukos, The Guardian reported. The state-owned group will run [...]')('2006050', 'Debenhams, the second-largest department-store owner in Britain, sold shares for 950 million pounds ($1.7 billion) in an initial public offering to repay debt and allow existing investors to realize gains. The retailer sold 487.2 million new and existing shares at 195 pence apiece, the bottom end of its target range, London-based Debenhams said Thursday in [...]')('2006050', "When Petrohawk agreed to pay $1.88 billion for KCS Energy on April 21, its adviser was not one of the top U.S. banks but BMO Harris Nesbitt, the U.S. investment-banking arm of Canada's BMO Financial. BMO is hardly a big name in U.S. M&A advisory circles, generally trailing its Canadian rivals CIBC and RBC Capital [...]")('2006050', 'Mills, a troubled developer of shopping centers, will borrow $2.23 billion from Goldman Sachs, a deal that will give the Arlington, Va. company some breathing room and sets the stage for a likely sale of the company, which owns Potomac Mills and 41 other D.C.-area malls. Go to Article from The Washington Post »')('2006050', "UBS, Europe's largest bank, reported record first-quarter profit as funds under management jumped by 114 billion Swiss francs ($92 billion) and earnings from investment banking rose to an all-time high. Net income climbed 33 percent to 3.5 billion francs, or 3.39 francs a share, from 2.63 billion francs, or 2.48 francs, a year earlier, the [...]")('2006050', 'Wachovia has agreed to buy the defined-contribution record-keeping business of Ameriprise Financial. Financial terms of the deal, which is slated to close this quarter, were not disclosed. Minneapolis-based Ameriprise provides record-keeping services to 225 retirement plans, which have nearly 700,000 participants and approximately $28 billion in assets. Go to Article from Charlotte Business Journal »')('2006050', "In a deal that will expand its Chicago-area branch network by 50 percent, particularly in the western suburbs, MB Financial said Tuesday that it plans to buy the parent of Oak Brook Bank for $372 million. The union of the Chicago- and Oak Brook-based financial institutions will create the market's ninth-biggest bank in terms of [...]")('2006050', 'In a continued spat over Sears Holdings\'s attempted buyout of Sears Canada, a group of minority shareholders contesting the bid have floated the idea the Canadian retailer could be combined with competitor Hudson\'s Bay Company. The group of shareholders, led by Pershing Square Capital Management, suggested that "based on a conversation with a former Hudson\'s [...]')('2006050', 'BAA, the British airports operator, hinted that it may yet offer shareholders a return of capital as it struck back with its first formal response to an 8.75 billion pound hostile takeover approach from the Spanish construction company Grupo Ferrovial. The airports group suggested that it was considering a special dividend as a way of [...]')('2006050', "By rejecting EMI's offer, Warner Music's board evidently believes that it can extract a higher price, The New York Times reported. If talks restart between the two music companies, EMI will likely return to the table with an offer worth closer to $30 a share. Warner's biggest investors – Edgar Bronfman Jr., Thomas H. Lee [...]")('2006050', 'There was a range of reactions to Wednesday\'s report in The Wall Street Journal that Microsoft has held discussions to buy a stake in Internet media company Yahoo to compete against Google. The story of a Microsoft-Yahoo deal drew a comment of "No way" from John Battelle\'s Searchblog, but a "Yes!" from Paul Kedrosky\'s Infectious [...]')('2006050', 'The exclusive private equity club, long restricted largely to financial institutions and high-rolling individuals, is looking a bit more egalitarian this week. That is because a unit of Kohlberg Kravis Roberts, the world\'s largest buyout firm - as such investment companies were called before the term "private equity" came into vogue - has sold $5 [...]')('2006050', 'Owen C Thomas letter says reason America does not institute single-payer health care system is that it would eliminate lobbying by health care industry (May 1 Paul Krugman Op-Ed column)')('2006050', 'David Stone letter praises HBO documentary Baghdad ER and points out that it takes antiwar position (May 1 Bob Herbert Op-Ed column)')('2006050', "Reese Lloyd letter says Stephen Colbert's performance at White House Correspondents' Assn dinner highlighted clubby relationship between press and White House (May 3 article)")('2006050', "John Kapel letter says Paul Krugman's suggestion that Medicare be transformed into national single-payer system should be phased in over time (May 1 Op-Ed article)")('2006050', "Dr Arnold Relman letter offers reasons why Paul Krugman's suggestions of Medicare for all Americans will not work (May 1 Op-Ed column)")('2006050', 'Walt Mann letter offers reasons for recreating FEMA rather than simply revamping it (May 1 editorial)')('2006050', 'Chris Brunt invents way to make fountains dance to music; photo (S)')('2006050', 'New York City Opera announces that it will not proceed with plans to build concert hall in base of residential tower near Lincoln Center because of inability to reach agreement with developer A R Kalimian Realty that owns site (S)')('2006050', 'Body of full-term infant is discovered by worker at construction-recycling plant in North Bergen (NJ); Hudson County Prosecutor Edward J De Fazio says autopsy is scheduled (S)')('2006050', 'Swiffer Sweep+ Vac does job of dust mop, dustpan and broom; photo (S)')('2006050', 'Chen Hui, Heng De Oh-Yang, Zu Qun Li, Guo Chang Zhang and Yong Wang are charged with conspiring to extort money from private van drivers carrying passengers between Manhattan and Brooklyn; prosecutors say van drivers were required to pay monthly fee of $200 to $400 before being allowed to pick up passengers (S)')('2006050', 'Federal jury clears New York City Police Officers Daniel Patton and Paul Fazio of falsely arresting two protestors following February 15, 2003, antiwar demonstration (S)')('2006050', 'Photo of Sen Hillary Rodham Clinton visiting elementary school in Arlington, Va, to discuss its reading program')('2006050', 'Ira Sohn letter says he hopes renovation of TKTS booth in Times Square will include much-needed modernization of system (May 2 article)')('2006050', 'Stanley Williams letter agrees with Bob Herbert that documentary Baghdad ER should be watched by all Americans, at least those of voting age, and certainly by Pres Bush, his advisers and Congress (May 1 Op-Ed column)')('2006050', 'European Commission fines seven chemical companies 388 million euros ($489 million) for price-fixing in markets for bleaching agents; chemicals group Solvay receives highest fine of 167 million euros (S)')('2006050', 'ABC announces that it will broadcast no further episodes of show Commander in Chief during current television season; show has seen ratings dip since it returned from one month hiatus after retooling; photo (S)')('2006050', 'Letter from United Health Services president Peter McGinn says America will not provide Medicare for everyone until underlying free-market economic model is successfully challenged (May 1 Paul Krugman Op-Ed column)')('2006050', 'Karen Dawn letter expresses hope that people will rethink idea of purchasing and condemning birds to cages (April 29 article)')('2006050', 'Letter from Susan Wexler, who has no health insurance, calls for expansion of Medicare program to cover all uninsured Americans (May 1 Paul Krugman Op-Ed column)')('2006050', "Letter from Prof Caroline Acker praises Paul Krugman's suggestion to expand Medicare to cover entire population (May 1 Op-Ed column); drawing")('2006050', 'Polypropylene dishes fold flat for travel; photos (S)')('2006050', 'Photo of New York Yankees outfielder Hideki Matsui during win against Tampa Bay Devil Rays4')('2006050', 'New York Palace, luxury hotel, opens in Budapest in turreted 1894 office building; photos (S)')('2006050', 'Personal Shopper column on LED lighting for gardens, porches and patios; photos (M)')('2006050', 'Kerry Ecker, who is adventure guide for Sawyer Adventures, discusses athletic clothing for rugged outdoor sports and activities; photos (M)')('2006050', 'Valerie Plame Wilson, Central Intelligence Agency covert officer whose name was publicly disclosed three years ago, is shopping book proposal among small group of publishers (S)')('2006050', "Andrew Price letter contends debate over Stephen Colbert's performance at White House Correspondents' Assn dinner misses point; says it was not funny because he was not joking (May 3 article)")('2006050', "Coconut Grove Playhouse in Miami, Fla, lays off 14 of its 28 employees less than three weeks after theater's board of directors announced that it was $4 million in debt (S)")('2006050', "Body of Patricia White is found in her companion's apartment in Brooklyn; she is pronounced dead; investigators believe incident was result of domestic squabble (S)")('2006050', 'New York Yankees say they expect pitcher Roger Clemens to sign with Houston Astros, if anywhere (S)')('2006050', "Christine Burns letter notes defensive statements made by Republicans quoted in May 3 article about performance by Stephen Colbert at White House Correspondents' Assn dinner")('2006050', 'Warner Music Group turns down $4.2 billion takeover bid from EMI Group; two music companies have held talks for several years but all efforts so far to merge have failed; industry experts see deal as inevitable; say it could save more than $300 million in costs while transforming competition in industry; photo (M)')('2006050', "Tracy Brooking letter says members of audience that Stephen Colbert played to at White House Correspondents' Assn dinner take themselves too seriously (May 3 article)")('2006050', 'Albums by Godsmack, T')('2006050', 'Vitra is reintroducing its own colorful version of 1940 Organic Chair designed by Charles Eames and Eero Saarinen; photo (S)')('2006050', "Ameristar Casinos ends acquisition bid for Aztar Corp; company had offered $1.71 billion for Phoenix-based operator of Tropicana casinos; Pinnacle Entertainment topped Ameristar's offer on April 28 with $1.85 billion bid (M)")('2006050', 'Kaavya Viswanathan, author of How Opal Mehta Got Kissed, Got Wild and Got a Life, will be subject of investigation over articles she wrote as intern for newspaper The Record in Hackensack, NJ; Frank Scandale, editor of paper, says that while they never questioned any of her stories at time, investigation seems like right thing to do amid plagiarism scandal that has caused her book to be withdrawn from bookstores; photo (S)')('2006050', 'Fredrick W Cotton letter says American businesses are in business to provide goods and services and make profit, not to be health care providers for their employees (May 1 Paul Krugman Op-Ed column)')('2006050', "About the only time Formula One drivers all spend an hour and a half together as a group is during the race on Sunday. Late this afternoon all the drivers managed to find the time to get together for a one and a half hour meeting of the Grand Prix Drivers' Association. So what was [...]")('2006050', 'Ever since it became possible to run Windows and Windows software on a Macintosh, two questions have plagued mankind.')('2006050', "Campaign sings in the North Ward (Damien Cave/The New York Times) Kelly Diggs started his morning on Friday by tearing down three candidates' campaign signs from a utility pole on Norfolk Street. Then he tugged two more from a transformer a few feet away, and pulled out a razor knife so he could reach a [...]")('2006050', 'The conventional thinking has been that real estate markets don\'t implode without the shock of job loss. Fortune magazine, in its "Real Estate Survival Guide" issue that declares the end of the real estate bubble, suggests that this is a myth. A third tenet holds that home values never drop in areas where employment is [...]')('2006050', "An employment tribunal ruled Friday that HSBC did not fire Peter Lewis because he is gay, rejecting a major part of the banker's landmark $9.2 million lawsuit against the financial services giant. However, the tribunal did find that Mr. Lewis, the former head of HSBC's global equity trading business, was discriminated against during the early [...]")('2006050', 'During her hunt for a rental on Manhattan\'s West Side, Dena Gudaitis tried two listing services that charge a fee for access. She saw a few places through Rent-Direct.com ($195 for 60 days), but none through Innovative Apartments ($190 for 60 days) because she couldn\'t get further information about two places that sounded promising. "They [...]')('2006050', "I recently visited two new restaurants in Midtown with at least one thing in common: they're great-looking places.")('2006050', "Long before he was a hard-driving arbitrageur, or a confessed insider trader, or a symbol of the excesses of the 1980's, Ivan Boesky was a humble stock broker. DealBreaker.com has found a charming souvenir of this pre-scandal period of Mr. Boesky's career, available for $699 on eBay. The item is a stiffly worded letter that [...]")('2006050', 'Homeowners still have the refinancing bug, though these days the transactions are being done mainly as a way to cash out some of the building equity in their homes, rather than to obtain a lower interest rate, according to a quarterly refinance report released this week by Freddie Mac. In the first three months of [...]')('2006050', 'The Northwest - Canada actually - is still the land of opportunity for home builders. The Vancouver Housing Market blog juxtaposes the increase in building permits in Britsh Columbia against the troubles that U.S. builders are having in many markets with excess inventory. It cites a story in the Vancouver Sun that reports: The value [...]')('2006050', 'The prospect of adjustable rate mortgages, or ARMs, resetting at much higher rates is real. The fear that homeowners might not be able to make the higher payments may be a bit exaggerated. At the very least, says a report by Christopher Cagan, director for research and analytics at First American Real Estate Solutions, it [...]')('2006050', 'Readers respond to Thomas Friedman\'s May 5 column, "As Energy Prices Rise, It\'s All Downhill for Democracy" Eli Fisk, Los Angeles: If only the ill effects of $70 per barrel oil on were confined to the petro-ist states you mentioned. Politics in the U.S. also seem to be less transparent, less sensitive to opposition voices, [...]')('2006050', "This much is clear: Shares of ThyssenKrupp, Germany's largest steelmaker, hit a three-month high on Friday. The reason is up for debate. Reuters cited takeover rumors. Bloomberg News pointed to speculation that the company might improve its earnings forecast. Earlier this year, ThyssenKrupp walked away from a bidding war over Canadian steelmaker Dofasco, and the [...]")('2006050', 'Readers respond to Paul Krugman\'s May 5 column, "Our Sick Society" Michaelann Bewsee, Springfield, Mass.: Hmm - obesity, diabetes, both bad for the heart. Do you happen to know if high fructose corn syrup pervades British food to the same degree as in the U.S.? Karen Aram, Urbana, Ill.: I would like to suggest that [...]')('2006050', 'Has anybody ever tasted you? They want to taste me all the time. "Taste you\'\' is the inelegant phrase for what winemakers and their marketers want to do to wine writers like me. I get a dozen or more calls like this every week: "So-and-so is going to be in New York next month or [...]')('2006050', "Still scratching your head over how CNBC anchor Maria Bartiromo roiled the markets with her scoop (if that is what it was) on what Federal Reserve Chairman Ben S. Bernanke really meant in his Congressional testimony last week? Then check out CJR Daily's concise analysis of the fracas, which has its roots in a conversation [...]")('2006050', 'In this lesson, students consider the mitigating factors involved in the sentencing of Zacarias Moussaoui, convicted of having played a role in the 9/11 terrorist attacks.')('2006050', 'Wall Street meets Sesame Street.')('2006050', "Here's a question, suggested by one of our readers, on a topic that hasn't received much coverage in the campaign so far: What do you plan to do to address key children's health issues such as lead poisoning, poor immunization rates and asthma? Ronald L. Rice We have made great strides in addressing health issues [...]")('2006050', "Many small colleges, looking with envy upon the returns reported by endowments at the likes of Harvard and Yale, are piling into hedge funds. They do so at their peril, according to BusinessWeek. Harvard's endowment has seen returns of 12 percent. Yale's has earned 25 percent. So the envy is understandable. But those institutions have [...]")('2006050', 'The headline on Gene Marcial\'s BusinessWeek column this week asks "Will Praecis Announce A Lucrative Deal?" And Mr. Marcial, citing analysts who watch the drug company, suggests that it will. He writes that "sometime this year" the company "could arrange a sale of Plenaxis, which has Food & Drug Administration approval for [treating] hormone-sensitive prostate [...]')('2006050', "Perhaps they're just angry over the increasing number of comparisons between President Bush and Jimmy Carter, but conservatives are beginning to embrace the Bush-is-Nixon meme-albeit in an adapted form. The liberal case that George W. Bush is the new Nixon is based on government secrecy, assertions of executive power and sagging poll numbers. The conservative [...]")('2006050', 'Chicago private equity firm Madison Dearborn appears to be the frontrunner in the bidding for Canadian nursing home operator Extendicare, The Globe and Mail reported on Friday. The newspaper cited "an investment banker who is aware of the process." A sale of Extendicare, which operates 439 facilities in North America and the United Kingdom, could [...]')('2006050', "As President Bush last week prepared to announce his approval of a deal that would have a Dubai-owned company acquire a maker of parts for American military vehicles, some media outlets in the United States, including The New York Times, warned of a backlash in Congress. The backlash didn't happen - and The Economist says [...]")('2006050', "Warner Music Group posted better-than-expected quarterly results on Friday, which could put more pressure on its suitor, Britain's EMI Group, to raise its offer to buy the company. EMI's previous takeover proposal of $28.50 per share, or $4.2 billion, was rejected on Tuesday by Warner Music's board. Early Friday, Warner Music reported a first-quarter loss [...]")('2006050', "Depending on whom you believe, ProSiebenSat.1's management and its lead investor, media entrepreneur Haim Saban, have recently held talks with France's Television Francaise 1 about a sale of the German broadcaster. Or they haven't. German newspaper Sueddeutsche Zeitung reported Friday that Mr. Saban met with TF1 this week, as well as with SBS Broadcasting (which [...]")('2006050', 'Reviews for the new "Mission Impossible" movie, starring Tom Cruise, have been good. Less good have been the reviews for Cruise\'s Time magazine essay in praise of director J.J. Abrams. Sample line from Cruise: "He delivers what could be called the Lay\'s of yarns: you can\'t watch just one." The New Republic\'s Ryan Lizza responds [...]')('2006050', "Ronald L. Rice (Suzanne DeChillo/The New York Times) Ronald L. Rice has served Newark since the early 1970's, as a police officer, councilman, state senator and deputy mayor. Yet with only days to go before the non-partisan election on Tuesday, he is still struggling to emerge from the shadow of Mayor Sharpe James and to [...]")('2006050', 'Call them "investment firms," "long-only funds" or "securities funds," but don\'t call them - gasp - "hedge funds." The term "hedge fund" is often tossed around to classify a wide strata of investment firms. But it may be morphing into the latest buzz phrase gone bad, as managers at many of the world\'s top funds [...]')('2006050', 'The parent of the New York Stock Exchange, the NYSE Group, said yesterday that shareholders had sold 25 million shares at $61.50 each for a total of $1.54 billion, less than two months after the Big Board went public. Shareholders involved in the sale include Goldman Sachs and Merrill Lynch, as well as executives of [...]')('2006050', "Philippe Jabre, the embattled hedge fund trader fighting a 750,000 pound fine from the U.K.'s financial regulator, has parted ways with GLG Partners after weeks of bitter negotiations. His departure comes just weeks after GLG, one of Europe's largest hedge fund groups, failed to support his decision to appeal the fine by lodging an appeal [...]")('2006050', "The Securities and Exchange Commission has recommended ending a nearly year-long inquiry into DreamWorks Animation SKG earnings without taking enforcement action, the company said on Thursday. The company said it received the notice in a letter from the S.E.C.'s Pacific Regional Office. The inquiry concerned trading in DreamWorks securities and the disclosure of its financial [...]")('2006050', 'John S. Reed, the former chairman, testified that he saw few options to turning over an internal report on the pay of Richard Grasso, his predecessor, to State Attorney General Eliot Spitzer, according to documents released yesterday.')('2006050', "When it comes to many kinds of antitrust enforcement, Bush administration officials call to mind Abba Eban's observation about the Palestinians: They don't miss an opportunity to miss an opportunity. The administration, following its Democratic and Republican predecessors, continues its unsurprising policy of aggressively combating cartels and price-fixing. (Who, after all, would be in favor [...]")('2006050', 'Comverse Technology, which makes voice mail software, said Thursday that it had received a subpoena from federal prosecutors in New York in connection with its issuance of stock option grants. Comverse chief executive Kobi Alexander and two other officials resigned on Monday in the wake of an option timing scandal. Go to Article from The [...]')('2006050', "Boston buyout firm Berkshire Partners dissolved its 12.5 percent interest in Carter's, capping a 4-1/2-year-old investment in the children's apparel maker with a 600 percent profit. Berkshire said late Wednesday that it had parceled out its last 3.63 million Carter's shares to investors in Berkshire Fund V, the fund that plowed $125 million of equity [...]")('2006050', 'Bain Capital, Thomas H. Lee Partners and the Blackstone Group are about to get back more of their equity investment in textbook publisher Houghton Mifflin via a dividend recapitalization, perhaps presaging an exit from the company. The publisher is carrying out a $300 million recapitalization that will go at least in part to its sponsors. [...]')('2006050', "Angle Technology Ventures formed its latest venture company, Parsortix, on Thursday. Parsortix, of Philadelphia, has secured intellectual property that company officials believe has the potential to change the $600 million global market for prenatal diagnostics. Parsortix's technology is designed to enable doctors to identify chromosomal abnormalities in the first trimester of pregnancy without the need [...]")('2006050', 'A former big shot at Amazon.com has left the online retailing giant to create a new Seattle startup company called Pelago. Jeffrey Holden, who spent nearly a decade at Amazon holding positions such as senior vice president of consumer applications and director of supply chain systems, started the new company in recent months. He declined [...]')('2006050', "Berkeley, Calif.-based respiratory and inflammatory drug developer Aerovance said it has secured $60 million of Series C funding. The deal was co-led by Clarus Ventures and marks the Cambridge, Mass., firm's first investment from its $500 million inaugural fund. Go to Article from VentureWire Professional »")('2006050', 'Warburg Pincus, Royal Bank of Scotland, and J.P. Morgan Chase have teamed up to sponsor Synesis Life, a newly-launched company led by former Prudential executives that acquires annuity portfolios from insurance companies. Financial details of the all-equity transaction were not disclosed, though J.P. Morgan put in slightly less equity than Warburg Pincus and Royal Bank [...]')('2006050', 'A Reuters Group and Chicago Mercantile Exchange deal to create the first centrally cleared foreign exchange marketplace aims to tap growing institutional and hedge fund activity, the two companies said. The companies said on Thursday they will pool their expertise in data dissemination, distribution, trade matching and central counterparty clearing services for the 50-50 venture, [...]')('2006050', 'Imperial Sugar stock dropped 15 percent Thursday after the company indicated in a filing with regulators that big investor Lehman Brothers may be getting into position to sell its shares. Lehman Bros., which acquired the stock in 2001 as the sugar processor worked itself out of bankruptcy, holds 30 percent of the Sugar Land, Texas-based [...]')('2006050', "In a reversal of fortune, a bond issue for Indian mining company Vedanta has turned into winner for Barclays Capital. The U.K. investment bank's January convertible issue for Vedanta was too racy for investors, and much was left on Barclays books, according to Breakingviews. But high metal prices have sent Vedanta's stock and convertible soaring [...]")('2006050', "Delek U.S. Holdings shares rose Thursday as investors favored the firm's energy offering to the day's other I.P.O., private military contractor DynCorp International. The Delek I.P.O. priced at $16 a share, marking the top of its $14-to-$16 range. The stock opened at $16.11 and rose to $16.53 in recent action. The Franklin, Tenn.-based petroleum refining, [...]")('2006050', 'A surge in hiring on Wall Street is driving the economy of New York City and the surrounding region, but the pace of growth still lags behind the national rate, the federal Department of Labor said yesterday. In March, more than one of every five jobs created in the city was in the high-paying financial [...]')('2006050', "Stapled finance has become a favorite product for investment banks auctioning companies. By offering prepackaged financing, they hope to encourage bids and collect a second layer of fees on the deal. But in a twist, Bally Total Fitness Holding has turned to Deutsche Bank to provide $700 million in ready-made debt financing in Bally's auction, [...]")('2006050', "In case you didn't know, Warren Buffett plays the ukulele. Now the billionaire is auctioning one on eBay. The world's second-richest person, who runs Berkshire Hathaway, plans to auction an autographed ukulele, on eBay's Web site later this month. And the instrument, designed to resemble a Dairy Queen ice cream cone, may be a big [...]")('2006050', "With Intel preparing a sweeping reorganization, the company might have to make some tough decisions when it comes to its communications efforts. Intel will go through 90 days of review before launching the restructuring, which C.E.O. Paul Otellini announced April 27. So, it's early to start declaring what Intel should keep or chuck. But its [...]")('2006050', "As part of its recent acquisition of TelCove, network operator Level 3 Communications will gain more than 300 LMDS (local multipoint distribution service) and 39GHz licenses that cover 90 percent of the population of the United States. So what does Level 3 plan do with all that spectrum? Recent comments from the company's C.E.O. indicate [...]")('2006050', "Microsoft agreed to buy Massive, a closely held seller of video-game advertisements, to gain early entry into a new ad market. Terms were not disclosed. Massive, based in New York, has agreements with more than 30 game publishers, including THQ and Konami, and has run campaigns for Nokia Oyj and Time Warner's Warner Bros. Go [...]")('2006050', 'Home furnishings retailer Pier 1 Imports said it may sell assets including its credit-card business and forecast a first-quarter loss. The shares fell 18 percent, the biggest decline in five years. The company hired J.P. Morgan Chase for advice on potential transactions and to review its store portfolio. Go to Article from The New York [...]')('2006050', 'Savi Technology, a Sunnyvale company whose radio frequency identification technology is used in U.S. military gear, is being purchased by Lockheed Martin, the companies announced Thursday. Terms of the sale were not released, but The San Jose Mercury News reported the sale price to be around $400 million. Go to Article from The San Jose [...]')('2006050', 'Apparel giants Liz Claiborne and the VF Corporation are squaring off to acquire Kate Spade, the handbag maker that was put up for sale earlier this year by majority owner The Neiman Marcus Group. Final bids are due this week and the price is hovering around $130 million, The New York Post reported. Go to [...]')('2006050', "Our next question for Cory Booker and Ronald L. Rice offers a return to the serious subject of Newark's needs, and what each candidate thinks he can achieve. We asked: Of Newark's most pressing problems - crime, schools, poverty and housing - which do you think the city has the greatest chance of actually conquering [...]")('2006050', "Citigroup has bought Standard Life's entire stake in India's biggest mortgage lender, giving the financial services group a long-coveted entry into one of the country's most admired lending franchises. Under the deal, the U.S. group will buy the U.K. life insurer's 9.27 percent share of Housing Development Finance for 30.2 billion rupees ($673 million). If [...]")('2006050', "Macquarie Bank, Australia's largest securities firm, said it may lead a bid for Patrick Corporation that would top Toll Holdings' A$6.1 billion ($4.7 billion) takeover of the nation's largest shipping cargo handler. The bid would be in cash and include other investors, the Sydney-based bank said in a statement. Patrick shares traded as high as [...]")('2006050', "Spain's biggest bank, Santander, is in exclusive talks to buy Britain's Alliance & Leicester for more than 6.5 billion pounds ($12 billion), London-based newspaper City AM reported. Alliance & Leicester and Santander declined to comment on the unsourced report. There have been previous media reports that A&L and Santander had made contact, and market rumors [...]")('2006050', "Mario J. Gabelli, the famed money manager, settled a long-running legal battle yesterday with his first investor, agreeing to pay him and another early investor more than $100 million. The settlement comes after years of back-and-forth about the value of the investment in Mr. Gabelli's mutual fund empire and after a barrage of accusations that [...]")('2006050', 'If Henry Kravis is selling, should you be buying? At Wednesday\'s blockbuster art auction at Sotheby\'s, Matisse\'s "Reclining Nude, View of Her Back" brought in $18.4 million, a record price for the artist that was well above the initial estimates of $12 million to $15 million. While the catalog did not identify the seller, art [...]')('2006050', 'For those who wonder what has happened to my little family since "Domestic Disturbances" went dark in early February, an update: Nine-year-old Julia ("Mommy is exasperating") continues to prove the durability of innate temperament by maintaining a grounded, upbeat and sunny personality despite considerable parental interference. She just learned to ride her bike without training [...]')('2006050', 'Betsey Steeger letter applauds Thomas L Friedman May 3 Op-Ed calling for third party to battle US oil dependence')('2006050', 'Geraldine Ferrao endorses Andrew M Cuomo for attorney general (S)')('2006050', 'Norman Berkowitz letter says he does not understand how Zacarias Moussaoui could be spared execution (May 4 article)')('2006050', 'Oscar De La Hoya and Ricardo Mayorga will fight after settling financial dispute (S)')('2006050', 'Nic Arp letter says it is no surprise that Taliban is surging in Afghanistan since US did not finish job it started there (May 3 article)')('2006050', 'Filmmaker Adam C Durand is acquitted of all charges except criminal trespass for trying to document conditions at commercial egg farm; is part of group waging campaign against Wegmans for confining hens to cages (S)')('2006050', 'Bob Geary letter says by comparing Zacarias Moussaoui trial with detention of prisoners at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, May 4 editorial shows difference between US judicial system and renegade Bush administration')('2006050', 'Long Beach, NY, City Council rejects project to prevent storm damage by dredging sand to replenish beach, build dune and fortify jetties there and in adjacent beaches (S)')('2006050', 'Grace Glueck reviews group show of collagists May Wilson, Ray Johnson, Al Hansen, Buster Cleveland and John Evans at Pavel Zoubek Galler (S)')('2006050', "Prof John O McGinnis letter says in comparing Zacarias Moussaoui's criminal trial to process due those imprisoned at Guantanamo, May 4 editorial confuses law enforcement with warmaking")('2006050', 'New York City Mayor Michael R Bloomberg says idea for bid for 2016 Olympic Games is all but dead; United States Olympic Committee announced plans earlier to visit five other cities to determine which it would nominate (S)')('2006050', 'Photo of Miami Heat win over Chicago Bulls to advance to second round of playoffs')('2006050', 'Roberta Smith reviews sculptures by Katy Schimert at David Zwirner gallery (M)')('2006050', 'Holland Cotter reviews group show I Never Meant to Hurt You organized by conceptualist Ivan Monforte at Buzzer Thirty gallery (M)')('2006050', 'Karen Golding, former state lobbyist charged with stalking New Jersey Assemblyman Joseph Cryan, enters pretrial intervention program to avoid criminal prosecution; terms of agreement noted (S)')('2006050', 'Holland Cotter reviews sculptures by Ivan Witenstein at Derek Eller Gallery (M)')('2006050', 'William Youmans letter says trial of Zacarias Moussaoui resulted in right verdict: life imprisonment (May 4 article)')('2006050', 'BROWN AND BENSEL TRIUMPE')('2006050', 'Chart discusses Kentucky Derby field; chart (M)')('2006050', 'Randy Quaid drops lawsuit against Focus Features over payment for his role in film Brokeback Mountain after Universal reportedly offers him $1 million to drop suit; photo (S)')('2006050', "Karen Stahlheber letter agrees with TC Boyle April 30 Op-Ed about Californians' who want to be environmentally conscious but continue to drive everywhere; drawing")('2006050', "Marcel Bozonnet, administrator of Comedie-Francaise, defends theater company's cancellation of production of Peter Handke play Voyage to the Sonorous of The Art of Asking after Handke attends funeral of Serbian former leader Slobodan Milosevic; Bozonnet says cancellation of play is not censoship; photo (S)")('2006050', "Laurel Graeber Family Fare column recommends Astronomy Day at Andrus Planetarium, Children's Day at Japan Society and Vital Children's Theater production of Cinderella's Mice at McGinn/Cazale Theater; photo (M)")('2006050', 'Ron Anderson letter disputes April 28 editorial noting lack of bipartisanship in Congressional softball league')('2006050', 'Fourteen people are arrested for six-month spate of violent push-in robberies and kidnappings across New York City; ring, called Untouchables, largely targeted drug dealers (S)')('2006050', "Ed McCarthy letter takes exception with Thomas L Friedman's May 3 Op-Ed calling for formation of third party to battle America's oil dependence")('2006050', 'Photo of Columbia University student Griffin Leahy taking break from studying to enjoy sunny weather')('2006050', 'Dr Malcolm Potts letter says now that studies show that male circumcision can prevent AIDS deaths in Africa, is it reprehensible for World Health Organization to delay making option of circumcision official policy (April 28 article)')('2006050', 'John Hamlett is charged with robbery and sexual assault after he returns to Manhattan apartment he burglarized in April and attacks woman who lives there; forces his way in by telling woman he found property taken in April and, after attack, flees with more property (S)')('2006050', 'Motorcylist, whose name is not released, is killed after rear-ending car crossing Williamsburg Bridge; there are no other injuries (S)')('2006050', 'Paula I Robbins letter agrees with Thomas L Friedman May 3 Op-Ed calling for third political party to fight US oil dependence')('2006050', 'Ken Johnson reviews paintings by Charles Seliger at Michael Rosenfeld gallery (M)')('2006050', 'Susan Corkett letter applauds Thomas L Friedman May 3 Op-Ed calling for third political party to battle US oil dependence')('2006050', "American Civil Liberties Union's New Jersey office files public records suit to discover how municipalities determine potential threats in applications for Homeland Security Department grants; accuses former attorney general Peter Harvey of misleading them in response to earlier suit (S)")('2006050', 'Gerald Sherian letter suggests names for third political party proposed by Thomas L Friedman in May 3 Op-Ed about US oil dependence and politics')('2006050', 'New York Yankees defeat Tampa Bay Devil Rays, 10-5; photo (M)0')('2006050', 'Holland Cotter reviews video installation by Robert Boyd at Xanadu; photo (M)')('2006050', "Karen Strauss letter, prompted by May 1 article on tall buildings being built on Manhattan's Upper West Side, says these buildings destroy some of character and vibrancy of neighborhood")('2006050', 'Ryan Shanahan letter says jury spared life of Zacarias Moussaoui not because he deserved mercy but because his goal of death was rightly rejected (May 4 article)')('2006050', 'New York Supreme Court Justice Alice Schlesinger says defense team in Zacarias Moussaoui case that persuaded jury to spare his life acted in highest traditions of legal profession (May 4 article)')('2006050', 'Kohlberg Kravis Roberts continues to be leader in private equity; still pushes boundaries; graph of mergers and acquisitions for company to date (M)')('2006050', 'Fox wins ratings for Wednesday night with hit reality show American Idol; photo (S)c')('2006050', "Who was the first candidate you voted for, either for national or local office, and why? Our next question highlights the generational divide between Ronald L. Rice, 60, and Cory Booker, 37 - a detail that was especially apparent today out on the campaign trail, where Mr. Booker's strongest supporters at rallies seemed to be [...]")('2006050', 'Italian Formula One driver Giancarlo Fisichella. (EPA/ Kerim Okten). Giancarlo Fisichella marched down the pit lane in anger from his Renault garage to that of the BMW-Sauber team where he gestured menacingly with his hand and pointed his finger in anger at Jacques Villeneuve, who was still sitting in his car waiting to start the [...]')('2006050', 'David Paterson (Stewart Cairns/The New York Times) Early on the campaign, while combing through some of the millions of dollars in contributions received by Cory Booker, we discovered a donation of $10,000 from an organization called Friends of David Paterson. David Paterson, for readers of this blog not familiar with New York State politics, is [...]')('2006050', "Too bad for both Williams drivers, Mark Webber and Nico Rosberg. Both must change their engines, after the team found a problem in this morning's practice with Webber's engine and decided to replace both. That means both will be knocked back 10 spots on the grid. It's not only too bad for them, but the [...]")('2006050', 'Running for office can be a grueling task, filled with long days, personal slights and the never-ending sense of, "If only I could have..." Here in Newark, the struggle is especially acute for David Blount and Nancy Rosenstock, the pair of lesser-known and underfunded mayoral candidates who are struggling to make themselves known in a [...]')('2006050', "Gilbert White's Selborne Journal: Thursday, 6 May 1784: 29 9/10; 54, 64; SE, SW. Vast dew, cloudless, summer, red even: Sowed white cucumbers under an hand-glass. Sowed green cucumbers in the annual bed. Some beeches in the hanger begin to leaf. Pulled the first radishes. Golden weather. Crown-imperials, & fritillaria's blown. The polyanths blow finely, [...]")('2006050', 'Municipal Art Society sues to delay $1.7 billion plan to expand Jacob K Javits Convention Center in New York City; seeks additional enviromental impact statement focusing on air quality and traffic congestion (S)')('2006050', 'Vanessa L Bryant, Connecticut judge nominated by Pres Bush to federal bench, is deemed unqualified to serve by American Bar Association (M)')('2006050', 'Rescue team finds remains of three people aboard UN-chartered plane that crashed in Uganda; plane was transporting relief supplies to Congo (S)')('2006050', "Letter from Denny's chairman Robert E Marks defends company's stock-option grants")('2006050', 'Archaeologists and museum directors gather at conference in Manhattan, sponsored by Association of Art Museum Directors, to try to find common ground on collecting of ancient art; issue has pitted museums and scholars against each other as investigations into looting of ancient artifacts continue in Italy and Greece; photo (S)')('2006050', 'Nancey Rosensweig letter says arguments for over-the-counter access to Plan B cannot rationally be countered by anyone who works with teenagers and understands frequent lack of preparation for initial sexual encounter')('2006050', "Dr Herbert H Keyser letter rebuts Dr Arnold Relman's May 4 letter opposing converting entire health care system to Medicare, as discussed in Paul Krugman's May 1 column")('2006050', 'Correction of April 7 obituary about Rufolf Vrba, who escaped from Auschwitz; Polish liaison officer Jan Karski gave Pres Roosevelt account of Holocaust in 1943')('2006050', "Alexander D'Amato letter says improved trains should play part in any creative solution to airport overcrowding in New York area")('2006050', "Correction of April 4 photo caption about Sen Hillary Clinton's visit to Virginia elementary school; pupils there have read 20,649 books this year")('2006050', "Judge Reggie B Walton says he is skeptical that defense in Lewis Libby case needs additional documents about trip former Amb Joseph Wilson took to Niger to check reports of Iraqi uranium purchases; says legitimacy of Iraq war has little relevance to charge that former aide to Vice Pres Cheney lied about disclosing to reporters that Wilson's wife Valerie was CIA operative (M)")('2006050', 'CBS wins ratings for Thursday night with shows Survivor, CSI and Without a Trace (S)')('2006050', 'Brooklyn Academy of Music is presenting series The Vision That Changed Cinema: Michelangelo Antonioni, featuring 15 full-length films and number of shorts all in new prints; photo (S)')('2006050', "Lois Dubin letter on Pres Bush's cherry-picking approach to the law, implementing what he likes and quietly ignoring or violating the rest; reminds Congress of its oversight responsibility as co-equal branch of government")('2006050', 'Sponsors of proposed natural-gas pipeline that was supposed to cross New York State from Lake Erie to Bronx-Westchester border decide to terminate pipeline in Rockland County, avoiding contention over section that would have crossed Hudson River at Haverstraw Bay (S)')('2006050', "Christopher Woods letter objecting to Vice Cheney's right to lecture any other country says Cheney is rightly held in extremely low esteem in his own country and his power is frightening to Americans and others around world")('2006050', 'New Jersey Devils and goaltender Martin Brodeur prepare to face Carolina Hurricanes in second round of playoffs; photo (M)')('2006050', "Prime Min Stephen Harper says Quebec will have own representative within Canadian delegation at Unesco; decision is part of Conservative party's outreach to French-speaking province (S)")('2006050', 'Sudanese government and largest of Darfur rebel groups conclude frenetic all-night negotiations with signing of agreement intended to end three years of misery and bloodshed; two smaller groups demur, leaving open possibility that accord may not hold; one leader, Abdul Wahad al-Nur, storms out, although about 15 of his commanders say they will abide by deal; events end week of brinksmanship as more than two dozen leaders from Africa, Europe and Middle East pressured rebels to compromise; Minni Arcua Minnawi, who controls about 75 percent of rebel forces, reaffirms that fighting will end; government militias and rebels are to disarm and withdraw behind cease-fire lines; government is to set up compensation fund for victims of carnage and international conference this summer will raise reconstruction money; about 5,000 rebels are to join army and police and rebel leaders can join government; US envoy Robert Zoellick cautiously applauds agreement while warning of dangers from holdouts; Nigerian Pres Olusegun Obasanjo presides at signing; third rebel group, not present at signing, is Islamist movement tied to Hassan al-Turabi, hard-liner who invited Osama bin Laden to Sudan; agreement highlights; photo; map (M)')('2006050', 'Correction of May 4 analysis of peace efforts in Sudan; rebel leader John Garang died at end of July 2005')('2006050', 'US Senate candidacy of John Spencer, former mayor of Yonkers, is endorsed by both Nassau and Suffolk County Republican committees (S)')('2006050', 'Correction of May 3 article about travelers connecting to Internet; 38,558 Wi-Fi hot spots are in US')('2006050', "Gyan Chandra letter praises Maureen Dowd's May 3 column comparing Iraq invasion to classic plot line in which inept captors become the captives")('2006050', 'Susan Beck letter likens making Plan B contraceptive available to teenagers to telling them not to speed but providing cars with air bags in case they do')('2006050', "Federal prosecutors in California to retry Umer Hayat on charges of lying to FBI about son Hamid's stay at terrorist training camp in Pakistan; jury deadlocked in case on same day that separate jury convicted son (S)")('2006050', "Plan by Madrid to turn Paseo del Prado into pedestrian-friendly 'art walk' angers Carmen Cervera, the Baroness Thyssen-Bornemisza, whose family's art collection is exhibited in mansion along street; Cevera says she will tie herself to tree to protest plan, which calls for number of old trees along street to be removed or transplanted (S)")('2006050', "Correction of May 4 article about US cities bidding for 2016 Olympics; New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg's term expires on Jan 1, 2010")('2006050', "Anne M Farrell letter says Nicholas Kristof's May 2 column sets up straw man because those who oppose emergency contraceptive Plan B do so primarily because they think it causes abortion, not out of concern about increased promiscuity")('2006050', 'Margaret Trudeau, former wife of late Canadian Prime Min Pierre Trudeau, disclosses that she hid long struggle with bipolar depression through years of public life (S)')('2006050', 'Correction of April 27 article about mourning rituals; memorials offered by Legacy.com noted')('2006050', "Steven Kolpan letter says Vice Pres Cheney's criticisms of Russia, delivered in speech in Lithuania, are further signs of his lack of reflection and his arrogance")('2006050', "Photo of Michael Arad's original design for World Trade Center Memorial and photo of newer plan for tree-covered plaza")('2006050', 'Horse pulling buggy becomes startled and slams into car at an intersection in Midtown Manhattan; horse and driver of car are injured (S)')('2006050', "Letter from Nancy Keenan of Naral Pro-Choice America says Nicholas Kristof's May 2 column is correct in saying vast majority of Americans want their lawmakers to support common-sense efforts to prevent unintended pregnancies and so reduce need for abortion")('2006050', 'Palestinian Pres Mahmoud Abbas congratulates Prime Min Ehud Olmert as he formally takes over Israeli leadership and urges start of peace talks; Israeli airstrike on militant training camp in Gaza reportedly kills five Palestinians; thousands of Palestinians march in Gaza and West Bank in support of Hamas and to protest suspension of Western aid (S)')('2006050', 'Correction of May 3 obituary about Stanley Hiller Jr; his company did not make helicopter shown on television show M*A*S*H*')('2006050', 'Correction of photo caption with obituary about John Kenneth Galbraith; photo identified')('2006050', "David Grubbs letter says John Cage's languorous work As Slow as Possible is but blink of the eye compared with Rodney Graham's composition Parsifal")('2006050', 'Photos of Cinco de Mayo festivities in San Francisco')('2006050', 'Jacob Gerstle, who was robbed and beaten in elevator of his Manhattan aprtment building on May 2, dies after three days in coma (S)')('2006050', 'Valerie Plame Wilson, former Central Intelligence Agency officer whose identity was publicly disclosed three years ago, agrees to sell her memoir for little more than $2.5 million; book is scheduled to be published in fall 2007 by Crown Publishing, imprint of Random House (M)')('2006050', "Paul Blumberg letter asks if there will be intermission in John Cage's work As Slow as Possible, which will take 639 years to perform in Halberstadt, Germany")('2006050', 'Correction of May 5 article about Enron trial; lawyers for Kenneth Lay paid finance specialist Christopher Barry $650,000 for work on case')('2006050', 'John Hamlett, who has been charged with sexually assaulting woman in her East Village apartment on May 3, is linked to April 16 attack on another woman in apartment about a block away (S)')('2006050', 'You know that moment when the new dentist first looks in your mouth and asks, "Who did this to you?" It has come to me that this is a generalizable moment repeated in interactions with practitioners of any kind. There\'s the auto mechanic who explains to you that your old mechanic put in the wrong [...]')('2006050', "To someone who's spent the last few years thinking about the American food chain, a visit to Manhattan's Union Square in the spring of 2006 feels a little like a visit to Paris in the spring of 1968 must have felt, or perhaps closer to the mark, Peoples Park in Berkeley in the summer of [...]")('2006050', 'I am not a creature of habit for the most part. I thrive on change. I embrace it. I love change so much I plan for it. I seek it out. In my 34 years, I have resided in New Orleans, Georgia, Utah, Montana, Tennessee, and North Carolina. I have visited almost every state in [...]')('2006050', "Farod Williams listening to Ronald L. Rice (Dith Pran/The New York Times) Ronald L. Rice spent nearly a half hour trying to win a vote from Farod Williams on Saturday. Standing in Mr. Williams' store, Denim Hip Hop Fashions on Bergen Street, Mr. Rice spoke passionately about the need to help minority entrepreneurs expand their [...]")('2006050', 'Canadian Formula One driver Jacques Villeneuve (front) of BMW Sauber steers in front of Italian Giancarlo Fisichella of Renault during the Qualifying session at the Grand Prix on Saturday. (EPA/Jens Buettner). I wonder. Political compromise is not suppose to be part of the decisions made by race stewards, is it? But it is interesting that [...]')('2006050', "Joseph DiVincenzo and Cory Booker at a campaign rally in Newark's North Ward (Andrea Mohin/The New York Times) Four years ago, that guy in the yellow shirt, so warmly shaking hands with Cory Booker - Joseph DiVincenzo, the Essex County Executive - was on the other side. He helped put hundreds of campaign workers out [...]")('2006050', "Gilbert White's Selborne Journal: Friday, 7 May 1784: 29 7/10; 57, 66; SW, SW. Bright, summer, some flisky clouds. Beeches come out at a vast rate. Vines shoot. The number of swifts increased to 18, or 20. The early tulips blow. Vine-buds swell. Pears promise much bloom. There is a ring-dove's nest in the American [...]")('2006050', 'Eva Solo grill can be used for barbecuing or roasting and has attractive sculptural form')('2006050', "John Garrard and Carol Garrard letter comments on Sheila Fitzpatrick April 9 review of Catherine Merridale book Ivan's War")('2006050', 'David Moorshead letter comments on April 23 article on Dov Charney of American Apparel')('2006050', 'Supervisors in Smithtown, Huntington, Babylon and Islip, NY, along with county legislators and Suffolk County Executive Steve Levy, responding to complaints from local residents, meet to discuss ideas for jointly easing potential traffic congestion in Sagtikos Corridor, site of three major retail developments; map (M)')('2006050', 'Bert Waife letter on April 30 editorial on pesticide poisoning of lobster population in Long Island Sound')('2006050', 'Concert pianist Robert Blocker is set to return to Yale University as dean of music school, effective July 1 (S)')('2006050', "Jack Kadden Commuter's Journal column on what is wrong with M7 railroad cars along Metro-North Railroad's New Haven line and changes railroad officials plan to incorporate into new M8 cars; drawing (M)")('2006050', 'Article on 1939 film Stagecoach starring John Wayne, scheduled for release on DVD; photo (M)')('2006050', "Phil Ryan letter replies to David Brooks's May 4 Op-Ed column criticizing Kevin Phillips's attack on Bush administration in book American Theocracy")('2006050', "Donald Heinz letter comments on April 23 article on Google's operations in China; drawing")('2006050', "Mary Kennedy letter praises Chris Ware's comic strip Building Stories in The Funny Pages")('2006050', 'Article on six Eric Rohmer movies, known collectively as Six Moral Tales, scheduled for release on DVD; photos (M)')('2006050', 'Photos of beautiful dinnerware')('2006050', 'Letters: Divine Dictatio')('2006050', "Cross Westchester column; Nader Sayegh, founder and former chairman of Westchester Independence Party, accuses co-founder and party chairman Giulio Cavallo of selling endorsements to highest bidder--Westchester Republican Party; $400,000 is raised at County Executive Andrew Spano's annual birthday fund-raiser at Rye Town Hilton; photo (M)")('2006050', 'Photo of Barbaro winning Kentucky Derby')('2006050', "Correction of Apr 30 picture caption which misstated name of Jordan's queen (S)")('2006050', "Margaret McGirr letter praises David Brooks's May 4 Op-Ed column criticizing Kevin Phillips's attack on Bush administration in book American Theocracy")('2006050', "Patrick Johnson letter comments on April 23 article on Google's operations in China; drawing")('2006050', 'Op-Ed article by immigration lawyer David Sperling, citing success of tens thousands of undocumented Salvadoran, Guatemalan and Honduran immigrants who have gained legal status in New York under special immigration programs since 1991, calls for approval of compromise measure under consideration in Senate (M)')('2006050', 'James K Collins letter contends that baseball teams should suffer penalties, like drop in standings, when team member tests positive for steroids (S)')('2006050', 'Morey Organization plans to transform Raging Waters family water park in North Wildwood, NJ, into more-adult Ocean Oasis Water Park and Beach Club (S)')('2006050', "L'Anfora di Iannilli, new restaurant in Apodaca, Mexico, serves whole-roasted 21-day-old pig; photo (S)")('2006050', 'Bridgeport and Port Jefferson Steamboat Co, citing loss of passengers, begins collecting $1 surcharge imposed by Bridgeport Port Authority as part of ticket price; photo (S)')('2006050', 'Rebecca Schmid letter about Apr 30 article praises former Metropolitan Opera general manager Joseph Volpe')('2006050', 'Bill Cunningham Evening Hours photos of fund-raising and awards dinners, concerts and benefits around New York City')('2006050', 'Glenn Parker letter about Apr 30 article says Brian Friel play Faith Healer should have had characters interact on stage instead of only deliver monologues')('2006050', 'Members of The Wrens, 16-year-old band from Teaneck, NJ, comment on their careers and new CD; photo (M)')('2006050', 'Porter J Goss, who resigned as Director of Central Intelligence on May 5, is just most recent Director to be confounded by job; most of previous 18 directors resigned, were fired by president or pressured out; history of agency examined; timeline (L)')('2006050', 'Major League Baseball developments discussed; photos (S)')('2006050', 'Joan Firester letter on April 23 article on anti-illegal immigration views on Long Island and across America')('2006050', 'Profile of and interview with Michael Cavallaro, comic book artist whose fourth issue of 66 Thousand Miles Per Hour series was on view at New York Comic-Con; photos (M)')('2006050', 'Article on 1965 film The Loved One, just released on DVD; photo (M)')('2006050', "Americans on move are increasingly bypassing exurbs or traditional Sunbelt or Western destinations for such places as lakes of Minnesota and Wisconsin, foothills of northern Georgia, forests of northern California and fields of northern Michigan; these areas have been undervalued, whether by industry or agriculture or mass leisure or urban flight, and they offer something of the good life for less than chief executive's salary; photo; maps (M)")('2006050', 'Benjamin Genocchio reviews exhibit Neuroculture: Visual Art and the Brain at Westport Arts Center in Westport, Conn; photos (M)')('2006050', 'Locavores, San Francisco-based group, encourages people to eat foods grown within 100-mile radius of home; photo (S)')('2006050', "Jonathan M Busch letter on Vincent Mallozzi's April 30 column on New Jersey Devils")('2006050', "Daniel Patterson article on rising popularity of cheap, flavorful cuts of meat, like pigs feet, short ribs and pork belly; recipes using lamb's neck and beef cheek; photo (M)")('2006050', "Sec of State Condoleeza Rice often says US has 'no better friend' than such and such a country, only to say same thing to any number of other countries; photos of her referring in this way to Greece, Italy, Australia, Britain, Jordan and Japan (M)")('2006050', "Jon Bon Jovi comments on Who Says You Can't Go Home, duet with Jennifer Nettles that remains atop Billboard Hot Country Songs chart; photo (By the Way column) (M)")('2006050', 'Federal, state and local officials reach agreement under which Fort Trumbull section of New London, Conn, will become home of National Coast Guard Museum; opening is scheduled for 2008 (S)')('2006050', "Russell Shorto article on mounting campaign by conservative groups to reduce access to contraceptives, even for married couples, in order to keep sex and procreation bound together; says opponents of contraception believe it encourages sexual promiscuity, homosexuality and other perceived forms of sexual deviance and preoccupation with sex that is unhealthful even within marriage; says they see separation of sex from procreation as attempt to serve selfish demands of individual at expense of family and society; discusses support campaign has found in Republican Congress and Bush administration; says idea of prescribing abstinence for those not having children within marriage has even become primary element of Pres Bush's overseas AIDS relief program, with disastrous results, according to some experts; photos (L)")('2006050', 'Op-Ed article by Mary Beth Pfeiffer calls on New York State Legislature to approve bill to end prison isolation, sometimes for months and years at time, of prisoners with serious mental illnesses; calls on Gov George Pataki to sign bill and on state to find more hospital beds for sick inmates and develop alternative forms of housing for disturbed inmates (M)')('2006050', 'Article on performance by Simon Baker in new film The Devil Wears Prada; photo (M)')('2006050', 'Coast Guard raises interim guideline for average weight of people on commercial oceangoing vessels--mainly deep-sea fishing vessels and tourist boats--to 185 pounds from 160 (S)')('2006050', 'Map of Rome showing places of interest to food lovers; photos (M)')('2006050', "A Richard Yandow letter praises Jaime Hernandez's comic strip La Maggie La Loca (The Funny Pages)")('2006050', "Marina Zogbi letter comments on Lisa Sanders's April 23 report on diagnosis of allergic reaction to penicillin in older woman")('2006050', 'Article on performance by Alice Braga in new film Lower City directed by Sergio Machado; photo (M)')('2006050', 'In Newark, NJ, for first time in years, both mayoralty and all seats on Municipal Council are up for grabs; poll taken shortly after Mayor Sharpe James ruled out another term showed Cory Booker, who ran unsuccesssfully against James in 2002, with 43-point lead over his nearest opponent, Ronald Rice (M)')('2006050', "David Chen On Politics column on public and political outcry over New Jersey Gov Jon Corzine's pilot program to offer self-service gas option, starting at gas stations along New Jersey Turnpike (M)")('2006050', "Anita Gates reviews Yale Repertory Theater production of Shakespeare's All's Well That Ends Well, directed by Mark Rucker; photo (M)")('2006050', "'Resto-epicieres' of Paris allow customers to enjoy some food there and take the rest home; photo (S)")('2006050', "Article on performance by Shareeka Epps in Ryan Fleck's new film Half Nelson; photo (M)")('2006050', 'Retired Morgan Stanley chairman S Parker Gilbert, godson of grandson of legendary financier J Pierpont Morgan, comments on rallying his colleagues to underwrite renovation of gallery at Morgan Library and Museum; photo (S)')('2006050', "Larry Gilg letter says ethanol, hailed in May 1 editorial as alternative fuel, is latest in long string of disastrous agribusiness strategies that squander planet's biotic potential; drawing")('2006050', 'Photos of several pieces of well-designed tableware')('2006050', 'Update on ballroom dance program that brought together students from around Connecticut in effort to reduce racial isolation; about 60 students performed in first inter-disteict ballroom dance competitiion in East Hartford, which was won by team from Simsbury; photos (M)')('2006050', 'Yvonne Hall letter comments on April 23 article on Dov Charney of American Apparel')('2006050', 'TIAA-CREF chief executive Herbert Allison Jr pays $25 million for waterfront estate in Westport, Conn, owned by Phil Donahue and wife Marlo Thomas (S)')('2006050', "Frederick C Blum letter comments on Lisa Sanders's April 23 report on diagnosis of allergic reaction to penicillin in older woman")('2006050', "Richard A Yacenda letter contends that sports fans do not want to read about athletes' short-comings and bad behavior off the field, and urges media to focus on San Francisco Giants outfielder Barry Bonds's home run chase, not his attitude (S)")('2006050', "Art Shay letter praises Scott Turow's Limitations, which is being serialized in The Funny Pages")('2006050', 'Mystic Aquarium and Institute for Exploration subsidiary Mystic Entertainment Co, entering restaurant and bar business, will open first of three restaurants called the blue turtle in Connecticut Post Mall in Milford; others, which do not have aquatic theme nor target families, are scheduled to open at The Westchester mall in White Plains, NY, and Shoppes at Buckland Hills mall in Manchester, Conn; photo (M)')('2006050', "Revlon president and chief executive Jack Stahl turns back his bonus of $373,190 to help reward employees responsible for some of company's achievements in 2005; his 2006 salary is $1.3 million, unchanged from last year (S)")('2006050', "Longtime season ticket holder Paul Rudnitsky letter on Vincent Mallozzi's April 30 column on Jersey Devils")('2006050', 'Footlights column; M & M Productions Acting Company will present Feathers Sometimes Soar on the Breath of God by Ward James Riley; play is based on friendship between Emily Dickinson and Thomas Wentworth Higginson; photo (M)')('2006050', 'Anita Gates reviews TheaterWorks production of Woman Before a Glass, one-woman show about Peggy Guggenheim written by Lanie Robertson, directed by Steve Campo and starring Glynis Bell; photo (M)')('2006050', "Tony D'Souza letter comments on Joseph Finder April 9 essay")('2006050', 'Marion London letter about Apr 30 article says art teachers must have listening and mentoring skills')('2006050', 'Legislators and former intelligence officials say serious gaps in United States knowledge of Iran are most critical problems facing new director of Central Intelligence Agency; few if any American spies are on ground, communications intercepts are sketchy and satellite imagery is ambiguous; some experts have confidence in estimates that Iran is years away from having nuclear weapon, but other analysts have doubts (M)')('2006050', 'Gustav Ranis letter contends that New York Mets should start pitcher Aaron Heilman and demote pitcher Victor Zambrano to bullpen (S)')('2006050', 'Cooper-Hewitt National Design Museum has exhibition on tableware from 1500 to present; photo (S)')('2006050', "Leon W Zelby letter replies to Jim Holt's April 23 essay on democracy as practiced in America today and in ancient Athens")('2006050', "Lauren Benton letter on Vincent Mallozzi's April 30 column on New Jersey Devils")('2006050', 'Bob Morris Age of Dissonance column about being invited to lesser party of two major social events in New York City and wishing to be at the other one; drawing (S)')('2006050', 'Profile of and interview with soul jazz guitarist Melvin Sparks, 60, of Mount Vernon, NY, whose fourth album in five years will be released by Savant Records; photo (M)')('2006050', "Profile of and interview with Tom McCarthy, 37, New York Mets' new WFAN-AM radio play-by-play announcer; photos (M)")('2006050', 'Naomi Siegel reviews Luna Stage production of Matthew Lopez play The Whipping Man, directed by Linnet Taylor; photo (M)')('2006050', 'Interview with University of Maine wide receiver Kevin McMahan, who was last pick in NFL draft, chosen by Oakland Raiders; photo (S)')('2006050', 'Book Review editors introduce Nadine Gordimer review of Philip Roth book Everyman (S)')('2006050', 'Footlights column; composer and music producer Steve Tyrell will perform Sinatra standards at Cafe Carlyle in Manhattan and West Hampton Beach Performing Arts Center; photo (M)')('2006050', "Clam shacks of Cape Cod emerge from shadow of those on Boston's North Shore; photo (M)")('2006050', 'Annotated list of movies scheduled to open May to September 2006; photos (L)')('2006050', 'Jack Silbert reviews Clemente Bakery in South Hackensack, NJ; photo (M)')('2006050', 'Morris Dickstein letter comments on James Wood April 16 essay')('2006050', 'Tension and anger surface in state budget committee hearings in Trenton, NJ, where Corzine administration officials are presenting plans, department by department; veteran legislators say they are frustrated at lack of consultation on spending plan; photos (M)')('2006050', 'German kitchen gadgets and tableware mix utility with unassailable design; photos')('2006050', "Gloria Zimmerman letter replies to David Thomson's April 30 Op-Ed column on film United 93, which expressed desire to see a film capture 'courage of the terrorists'")('2006050', 'New collection of T-shirts and hoodies that look like baseball jerseys mocks baseball players who have admitted using or been questioned about using performance-enhancing drugs; photo (S)')('2006050', 'Fund-raiser to support Leukemia and Lymphoma Society continues through May 18 on eBay (S)')('2006050', "Editorial supports measure that would expand New York's already successful bottle law")('2006050', 'Jersey Footlights column; singer and actor Frankie Valli, in telephone interview, comments on his scheduled concert at Count Basie Theater in Red Bank and Broadway musical Jersey Boys, based on his life and career; photo (M)')('2006050', 'Amy Estersohn letter on April 30 article about student theft at Briarcliff High School')('2006050', 'Gyrodyne, whose property in St James, NY, was seized by New York State through eminent domain for use by Stony Brook University, plans to sue state for $158 million in damages (S)')('2006050', "This year's International Furniture Fair in Milan is expected to feature cooler and brighter designs than last year's, where emphasis was on decorativeness; photos of designers and their creations (L)")('2006050', "Mark A Saloman letter on Vincent Mallozzi's April 30 column on New Jersey Devils")('2006050', "Article on performance by Zoe Weizenbaum in Michael Cuesta's new film Twelve and Holding; photo (M)")('2006050', "Alice Henry Whitmore letter on Kim Flodin's April 30 Op-Ed article on use of cellphones by New York City students")('2006050', 'Announcement that The New York Times has discontinued television section; listings now appear on pages of Arts and Leisure section')('2006050', 'Correction of April 30 Reading File column with excerpt of article from Chronicle of Higher Education')('2006050', 'Wood-beaded bracelets are adorned with gold and diamond-studded charms; photo (S)')('2006050', 'Grinning skull-and-crossbones motif is available in matching hooded sweatshirt jackets for both moms and tots; photo (S)')('2006050', "Matt Fenton letter on Kim Flodin's April 30 Op-Ed article on cellphone use by New York City public school children")('2006050', 'Catherine Proppe letter says ethanol should be marketed not as environmentally friendly alternative to gasoline (May 1 editorial), but rather as high-performance fuel')('2006050', "Profile of Ihsan Gurdal, co-owner of Formaggio Kitchen in Cambridge, Mass, who searches the globe for cheeses, meats, spices and condiments that are 'true to their terroir'; photos (M)")('2006050', "Editorial supports measure that would expand New York's already successful bottle law")('2006050', 'Long Island Power Authority, faced with criticism of fuel surcharges and suit that contends they were improperly disguised as rate increases, asks New York State Public Service commission to review its surcharge practices (S)')('2006050', 'Thomas Niles letter on May 1 editorial says converting domestic sugar cane and beets to ethanol would not only yield alternative fuel, but also allow US to end outrageous subsidies these crops now enjoy; drawing')('2006050', 'Anthony Tommasini reviews new CD of Chopin Nocturnes played by pianist Maurizio Pollini; photo (S)')('2006050', 'Growing number of school districts on Long Island, frustrated by relatively small contributions made by state to their budgets, are organizing committees to press their cases with lawmakers and even hiring lobbyists; photo (M)')('2006050', 'Melissa Sagemiller, actress preparing to appear in two movies, describes her style of dress as modern, classic, eclectic and romantic; photo (S)')('2006050', 'Ikarus, restaurant in Salzburg, Austria, rotates famous guest chefs for month at a time; photo (S)')('2006050', "Warren Christopher letter recalls John Kenneth Galbraith's light touch with a phrase (May 1 obituary)")('2006050', "Anne Midgette reviews new CD Ingram Marshall: Savage Altars, which consists of several of Marshall's pieces performed by Tudor Choir, pianists Sarah Cahill and Joseph Kubera and guitarist Benjamin Verdery; photo (M)")('2006050', 'Correction of Apr 30 headline and contents entry about musical The Drowsy Chaperone')('2006050', 'Graph of US gasoline prices since 1960, showing price spikes that have prompted presidential statements (M)')('2006050', 'Larry P Walker and David B Wilson letter seconds May 1 editorial urging development of cellulosic ethanol as alternative fuel; drawing')('2006050', 'Benjamin Genocchio reviews Fifth Westchester Biennial art show at College of New Rochelle; photos (M)')('2006050', "Part 3 of Jaime Hernandez's comic strip La Maggie La Loca; drawing (M)")('2006050', 'Campaigns on both sides begin smear tactics against New Jersey Democratic Sen Robert Menendez and his Republican opponent, Tom Kean Jr (S)')('2006050', 'Article explores question of how new food and beverage restrictions imposed by bill approved by Connecticut Legislature will impact schools and their finances; school nutrition bill, expected to be signed by Gov M Jodi Rell and take effect July 1, would banish sugary and diet versions of drinks but stops short of banning junk food; photo (M)')('2006050', 'Paul Beattie letter applauds New York Mets infielder Carlos Delgado for keeping journal and taking notes on pitchers he faces (S)')('2006050', 'Claude M Gruen letter about Apr 30 article says only New York itself looks real in films or television and city should trademark its streets and views')('2006050', 'Mystic Aquarium and Institute for Exploration subsidiary Mystic Entertainment Co, entering restaurant and bar business, will open first of three restaurants called the blue turtle in Connecticut Post Mall in Milford; others, which do not have aquatic theme nor target families, are scheduled to open at Westchester Mall in White Plains, NY, and Shoppes at Buckland Hills mall in Manchester, Conn; photo (M)')('2006050', "Connecticut Audubon Society's first State of Birds Report shows bird populations are in decline and will continue to dwindle if action is not taken to protect habitats (S)")('2006050', 'James R Oestreich reviews new CD of Vivaldi opera Motezuma; photo (M)')('2006050', "Shirlee Cohen letter comments on Lisa Sanders's April 23 report on diagnosis of allergic reaction to penicillin in older woman")('2006050', 'Article on collection of three Shakespeare films starring Laurence Olivier scheduled for release on DVD; films are Henry V, Hamlet and Richard III; photo (M)')('2006050', "Article on efforts in Westchester County, NY, to alleviate shortage of nurses in Westchester County and rest of New York region; St John's Riverside Hospital in Yonkers has signed contract with two South Korean agencies to train as many as 10,000 nurses at Cochran School of Nursing during next five years; hospitals are also cultivating connections with area nursing schools; photos (M)")('2006050', "Murray Chass On Baseball column discusses Cincinnati Reds's and Detroit Tigers's early-season success; photos (M)")('2006050', "Article on performance by Melvil Poupaud in Francois Ozon's new film Time To Leave; photo (M)")('2006050', 'Benjamin Genocchio reviews exhibit of works by African-American artist Elizabeth Catlett at New Jersey City University; photos (M)')('2006050', 'Bill Cunningham On the Street photos of women wearing colorful hats at annual event for Central Park Conservancy')('2006050', "Bob Mair letter on May 1 editorial says best answer to nation's energy predicament is to tighten fuel-efficiency standards for SUV's and small trucks and tax gas-guzzlers off the road; drawing")('2006050', 'Article on events in Connecticut that will commemorate march of 6,000 French soldiers, led by Comte de Rochambeau, through Connecticut from Newport, RI, enroute to Yorktown, Va, in 1781 for decisive battle of American Revolution; photos; drawing (M)')('2006050', "Richard Hamann letter comments on Lisa Sanders's April 23 report on diagnosis of allergic reaction to penicillin in older woman")('2006050', 'Article on Petty House, 700-square-foot Cape Cod-style 18th-century house on Montauk Highway in Mastic, NY, which is undergoing restoration; photo (M)')('2006050', 'Proxy statement shows that Nabors Industries chairman and chief executive Eugene Isenberg, who has not taken full bonus in 15 of last 16 years, accepted just $3 million of his $41 million bonus in 2005; bonus formula for 2006 has been cut in half, after which it will revert to original formula for next three years (S)')('2006050', "Photo of parade in London featuring 40-foot-tall mechanical elephant, connected with Royal de Luxe theater company's presentation of The Sultan's Elephant")('2006050', "Carol S Wall letter on Marek Fuchs' April 30 County Lines column on six-day education schedules")('2006050', 'Philadelphia Phillies defeat San Francisco Giants, 4-1; other National League results noted; photo (S)')('2006050', 'Chefs are drawn to running inns in which their restaurants are located; sampling of five; photo (M)')('2006050', "Helen Harrison reviews works by designer Raymond Loewy at Long Island Museum of American Art, History and Carriages in Stony Brook, survey of men's fashions in Africa at Parrish Art Museum and works by Joy Taylor at Islip Art Museum; photos (M)")('2006050', "Bruce Ackerman and James Fishkin letter replies to Jim Holt's April 23 essay on democracy as practiced in America today and in ancient Athens")('2006050', 'Article on worries among hoteliers over hotel building boom at MacArthur Airport in Islip and across Long Island; eighteen chain and independent hotels have opened on Long Island since November 1999, but occupancy rates have declined; as result, some hotels are adding perks to attract customers; photo (M)')('2006050', 'Article on 1964 film Seduced and Abandoned, scheduled for release on DVD; photo (M)')('2006050', 'Deborah Taylor letter comments on April 23 Ethicist column on jury duty')('2006050', "William R Hall letter replies to David Brooks's May 4 Op-Ed column criticizing Kevin Phillips's attack on Bush administration in book American Theocracy")('2006050', 'Naomi Pollock article on four Japanese kitchens, modern and traditional, that have been designed as models of efficiency; photos (M)')('2006050', "Article on trend in Suffolk County, NY, in which retirees in their 70's or older are returning from out of state, mainly to be near their children; Long Island Regional Planning Board planner Roy Federlem says senior citizens return to move into retirement communities, into seasonal homes they already own or to move in with families; photos (M)")('2006050', 'Ginny Donnelly letter questions merits of cellulosic ethanol as alternative fuel (May 1 editorial); drawing')('2006050', "Correction of April 30 article on debut of Bob Dylan's radio program")('2006050', "Tim Patterson letter replies to David Brooks's May 4 Op-Ed column criticizing Kevin Phillips's attack on Bush administration in book American Theocracy")('2006050', "Interview with Hofstra University women's softball coach Bill Edwards, who comments on team's past successes and Colonial Athletic Assn tournament set to open next week; photo")('2006050', 'Article on CeaseFire, program in which small team of clergy members and residents walk streets of Newark and Irvington, NJ, to preach against shootings; Gov Jon Corzine has budgeted $750,000 to expand program to several other cities, but funds have not been allocated; photo (M)')('2006050', 'Potato-shaped sterling silver bowls by Surevolution are hand-hammered in Bolivia')('2006050', 'Correction of April 30 article about federal grants that are inserted into spending bills, so-called earmarks')('2006050', "Matthew Taverna letter replies to David Brooks's May 4 Op-Ed column criticizing Kevin Phillips's attack on Bush administration in book American Theocracy")('2006050', 'Abbie Valentine wins Richardson Memorial Tournament (S)')('2006050', 'Article notes films scheduled for release on DVD (M)')('2006050', 'Assemblyman Charles Lavine letter on April 16 article on Long Islanders for Educational Reform forum')('2006050', "Mark Obbie letter comments on April 23 article on Google's operations in China; drawing")('2006050', "The killing today of a translator in Kalma camp in Darfur - and the near murder of an Oxfam interpreter - are unpleasant reminders of how volatile Darfur is. I've spent a lot of time in Kalma interviewing people there, and it's always been a powder keg, but even more so now. With 90,000 people, [...]")('2006050', 'In two of the deals making news on Monday, investment bank Lehman Brothers had a piece of the action. Lehman worked with Golden West Financial in its proposed $26 billion acquisition by Wachovia, and it advised Thermo Electron in its $10 billion merger with Fisher Scientific International. Citing data from Thomson Financial, MarketWatch notes that [...]')('2006050', 'The penultimate question in our series has to do with race, which has once again taken up a large part of the dialogue in a campaign between two African-American candidates. Ronald L. Rice has repeatedly asserted over the course of the mayoral contest that Cory Booker, who grew up in an overwhelmingly white suburb, is [...]')('2006050', 'Here\'s a possible trend that bears watching: builders are cutting back on the size of McMansions. The practice was described by the Times Herald Record, which serves the Hudson River Valley of New York. (A hat tip to the venerable Housing Bubble blog for noting it.) "We find ourselves doing homes that I never would [...]')('2006050', 'Readers respond to Frank Rich\'s May 7 column "Too Soon? It\'s Too Late for \'United 93\'." Bill Ruddock, Okemos, Mich.: Your contribution today is almost too sobering for me to read. I think of the squandered resources over the past 4.5 years, and what we could have accomplished worldwide vs. what we have unraveled. Thanks [...]')('2006050', 'Average investors often find themselves locked out of initial public offerings, but Internet-based phone service Vonage seems determined that its upcoming I.P.O. will be different. In an unusual move, the company said Monday that it will reserve as much as 13.5 percent of the I.P.O. shares for its customers. But, according to terms laid out [...]')('2006050', "My guilty blog pleasure, America's Overvalued Real Estate, usually finds the most horrible properties with inflated prices. But here is a posting with a slightly different point of view. The property may or may not be overvalued, but the listing is certainly honest. Elegant eyesore on a street of well-kept, stately traditional homes, this bank-owned [...]")('2006050', 'If you thought that bidding wars for houses were a thing of the past, head to Seattle. The two local papers are reporting that the pace is still feverish there. For easy reference, the Seattle Bubble blog collects them in one handy post. A sample quote: "Seattle isn\'t in a bubble, our inventory is awful," [...]')('2006050', 'A new real-estate search engine in the San Francisco Bay area is distinguished by its most excellent name. The evocative HomeyRoamy.com - with its intimations of the need to roam far and wide to find that humble place from which you will not again roam - has been launched by Asante Real Estate, a discount [...]')('2006050', 'Warren Buffett, the Oracle of Omaha, has spoken. Jason Zweig, a columnist for Money magazine, reported his words on the real estate market from this year\'s Berkshire Hathaway annual meeting: "What we see in our residential brokerage business [HomeServices of America, the nation\'s second-largest realtor] is a slowdown everyplace, most dramatically in the formerly hottest [...]')('2006050', 'Steven N. Adubato (Marko Georgiev/The New York Times) Yes, this is Newark, where the campaigns are highly personal, disputes often veer into the physical and allegations of voter fraud mark just about every election season. Still, even against this backdrop, what is going on in the North Ward this year is particularly acrid, with the [...]')('2006050', 'I don\'t want to say anything against Gawker.com, because I\'m really hoping to be named a Gawker\'s "Hottie of the Times" this year. (Against all odds, I know.) But Gawker has an update on my win a trip contest that is largely but not exactly right: "Still holding out hope to win your dream trip [...]')('2006050', 'Readers respond to Bob Herbert\'s May 8 column, "Clarity vs. Celebrity." David Lang, Jackson, Miss.: [Hillary Clinton\'s] not being honest, but instead playing politics - or, at least what she considers politics. Meanwhile, Hillary is ignoring the reality that we are getting more and more people killed and maimed each and every day we remain [...]')('2006050', 'Readers respond to David Brooks\'s May 7 column, "Marshmallows and Public Policy" Charlie Woods, Mongmong, Guam: I agree with your analysis of education. From my own experience, self-control is necessary to gain an education. I almost dropped out of college because I thought it was a waste of time. It wasn\'t until my junior year [...]')('2006050', 'Continuing down our list of questions, we asked the candidates about their favorite music, hoping to glean some insight into their personalities by determining the songs that motivate them, relax them or just make them happy. Perhaps fittingly for a campaign that places such an emphasis on connecting with Newark voters every Sunday in churches [...]')('2006050', 'Hedge funds have gone mainstream, according to Phil Davis of The Financial Times. Traditional fund managers are buying or building hedge funds. New hedge funds are hooking up with big firms rather than going it alone. Hedge funds are listing on stock exchanges. But going mainstream brings problems, Mr. Davis write in an article on [...]')('2006050', 'Wachovia\'s chief executive called Golden West Financial "a crown jewel" in a conference call on Monday, but the markets had a less-than-glowing take on Wachovia\'s proposed $26 billion acquisition. Wachovia\'s stock dropped 5.9 percent in midday trading Monday after the bank announced plans for what would be its largest acquisition ever. The decline lopped about [...]')('2006050', 'In this lesson, students explore personal feelings about civil liberties, research the history of sedition-related legislation in the United States and create an informed position paper on the concept of sedition.')('2006050', 'According to a new survey, 18 percent of the cellphones bought by U.S. consumers in the first three months of 2006 had Bluetooth.')('2006050', "After months of speculation, a buyer has emerged for Canadian oil sands producer BlackRock Ventures. Shell Canada said Monday it has offered C$2.4 billion ($2.16 billion) in cash for BlackRock, a proposal that BlackRock's board of directors has unanimously approved. Shell Canada, of which Royal Dutch Shell owns 78 percent, said it was offering C$24 [...]")('2006050', 'The early wisdom on the 2008 presidential campaign was that it would be the most wide-open Republican race in memory, while the Democratic side would be dominated by the candidacy of Hillary Clinton and one Not-Hillary To Be Named Later. That sentiment is starting to shift, however, as the pundits and party insiders who have [...]')('2006050', 'The rise of activist shareholders has created a dilemma for some financial advisers. Working with them means potentially alienating clients. Not working with them means potentially missing out on a growing source of revenue. In an article on Monday, Bloomberg News notes that some of the largest firms, such as Lazard, Blackstone Group and UBS, [...]')('2006050', 'Silicon Graphics, whose powerful computers are used by movie makers and NASA, has landed in bankruptcy court after its previous turnaround efforts fell short. Founded in 1981, Silicon Graphics provided the technology behind many cinematic special effects in the1990\'s, including the cyborg in "Terminator 2." But it has recently struggled with declining fortunes. In court [...]')('2006050', 'A plan you won\'t hear at the 2008 Iowa caucuses: The Wall Street Journal editorial page has an idea for how to lower the price of gasoline: temporarily "suspend the outrageously high tariffs on imported ethanol." How to lie with statistics, part 237: Harvard economist Greg Mankiw, formerly of the Bush administration, explains why it\'s [...]')('2006050', "Now, as the curtain is drawing to a close on the Newark mayor's race, Sharpe James suddenly wants in on the act. At a campaign event for Ronald L. Rice yesterday at the Robert Treat Hotel, the mayor not only showed up - a rarity since his announcement in March that he would not be [...]")('2006050', "The radio- and television-station owner Emmis Communications said Monday that its chief executive and largest shareholder, Jeff Smulyan, has made an offer to take the company private. Mr. Smulyan's nonbinding offer would buy back outstanding stock at $15.25 a share, a 13.6 percent premium over Friday's closing price. The bid values the company at $1.4 [...]")('2006050', 'Susannah Sirkin of Physicians for Human Rights sent a wonderful note about Eric Reeves, who was the focus of my column on Sunday about heroes of Darfur. In a letter to Smith College, where he is a professor, she had written: "As a one-man NGO, Eric is able to work without the constraints of a [...]')('2006050', "Toll roads are not a particularly sexy topic in financial circles, but they are getting front-page treatment in the latest issue of Barron's. The newspaper makes the case that at least two factors - the rich prices being paid for United States highways, and the high cost to the public sector to maintain those roads [...]")('2006050', "Cory Booker and Ronald L. Rice spent the weekend wooing voters all over the city, from public housing complexes to churches, fast food restaurants to buffet breakfasts. Today's article takes a look at how they were greeted and the differences between this year's campaign and the bitter, bruising battle four years ago between Mr. Booker [...]")('2006050', "Great Florida Bank's chairman says the bank is taking steps to form a holding company, which would be used for a possible initial public offering. But talk about an I.P.O. comes as a banking consultant, Ken Thomas, is expressing concern that Great Florida may have too many problem loans for a two-year-old bank. He also [...]")('2006050', 'So many options traders lose money that they have grown to suspect they are not operating on a level playing field. A recent academic study provides them with some potentially powerful ammunition. The study, "Stock Price Clustering on Option Expiration Dates," focused on unusual trading patterns of stocks when options on them were expiring. They [...]')('2006050', "Teck Cominco, the biggest zinc miner in the world, said on Monday it would bid 17.8-billion Canadian dollars ($16 billion) in cash and stock to acquire the Canadian mining company Inco. Teck Cominco, based in Vancouver, said its offer is conditional on Inco's takeover bid for another Canadian mining company, Falconbridge, being withdrawn or terminated. [...]")('2006050', "London's prosperous tribe of hedge fund managers topped their New York rivals on Friday night at the annual ARK charity dinner, a charity focused on AIDS treatment programs in South Africa. The ball at Marlborough House, where Sir Elton John serenaded 1,000 guests, is believed to have raised well over 17.5 million pounds - outstripping [...]")('2006050', 'Three weeks ago, the Securities and Exchange Commission brought a closure of sorts to a Wall Street swindle, charging the financier Adnan Khashoggi in a stock-rigging scheme known as the Genesis Intermedia affair. Now, in an echo of the five-year-old Genesis case, the corporate raider Carl Icahn has emerged as a major holder of a [...]')('2006050', "Apple Computer is entitled to use the apple logo on its iTunes Music Store, a judge ruled Monday, rejecting a suit filed by Apple Corps, the guardian of The Beatles' commercial interests. Apple Corps contended that the computer company had broken a 1991 agreement in which each side agreed not to enter into the other's [...]")('2006050', 'Corporations and Wall Street investment firms, after enduring four years of investigations provoked by a flood of financial scandals, are calling for the Justice Department to rein in its prosecutors. The effort, led by the United States Chamber of Commerce, aims at policies that businesses say give the Justice Department unreasonable leverage to force companies [...]')('2006050', "At a time when the compensation of so many chief executives seems breathtakingly high, Revlon's president and chief executive, Jack L. Stahl, is bucking the prevailing perception of corporate greed. Mr. Stahl, who joined the cosmetics empire four years ago, turned back his bonus this year – $373,190 – to help reward employees responsible for [...]")('2006050', "Candover, a private equity group, will announce this week the 320 million pound acquisition of EurotaxGlass, the company that owns Glass's Guides, which list prices for used car dealers, The Telegraph reported. The Telegraph said that Candover topped rival bids from Bridgepoint, Montagu, Hellman & Friedman, and Experian to clinch the auction. It is buying [...]")('2006050', "Let Wall Street fret about the $2 billion Microsoft is investing in Web services over the next year. Right now the action is closer to the floor of the Silicon Forest, in the shadow of the big evergreens. That's where investors spent $1.5 billion to buy or expand a handful of smaller tech companies in [...]")('2006050', "Kodiak Venture Partners of Waltham, Mass., is teaming up with another venture capital firm, Dragonvest Partners II of Shanghai, as a way to help both expand business on their respective sides of the world. Kodiak's team is working with Dragonvest's team to help its Chinese portfolio companies grow their businesses in the Northeast; in turn, [...]")('2006050', 'A consortium of family-friendly companies is creating a 24-hour TV channel for kids that will be free of junk-food ads and other marketing that has raised the ire of parents, according to The New York Post. The network will be broadcast over digital spectrum owned by Paxson, the wholesome TV station owner that has re-branded [...]')('2006050', 'The I.P.O. calendar looks fairly light this week, with investment bankers aiming to raise about $421 million. The management unit of a major coal producer, a biotech and a water treatment firm get ready to list on the Nasdaq. Go to Article from CNN Money »')('2006050', 'Northstar Neuroscience opened Friday on Nasdaq at $16.08, 7 percent above its $15 target price, becoming only the second venture-backed biotechnology company to raise more than $100 million in an initial public offering this year. The Seattle-based company, which develops electronic therapies used in treating neurological diseases and disorders by stimulating the cortex, offered 7.1 [...]')('2006050', 'Fisher Scientific International, a supplier of medical laboratory equipment, said Monday morning it had agreed to merge with Thermo Electron Corporation in a stock swap valued at about $10.6 billion. The deal would create a new giant in the laboratory instrument business, an industry that has already been marked by some degree of consolidation. Both [...]')('2006050', 'Cenkos, the stockbroker set up last spring by Andy Stewart, one of the best-known names in the City, is coming to the stock market this autumn with a price tag of between 200 million pounds and 250 million pounds. Mr. Stewart, 54, is best known as the founder of Collins Stewart, the investment bank that [...]')('2006050', "Dixy Retail, one of Russia's biggest food retailers, will offer a float on the London Stock Exchange in a move that will value it at roughly 1.5 billion pounds and trigger a multi-million pound payday for its 37-year-old founder. Citigroup and Deutsche Bank have been appointed to handle the listing, which is expected to proceed [...]")('2006050', "The proposed I.P.O. of Russian oil giant Rosneft has prompted calls for closer regulatory scrutiny of foreign companies listing in London. Breakingviews doesn't see this as an effective option. The online magazine views the existing system - where investors decide based on fairly full disclosure - as the best one. Go to Article from Breakingviews [...]")('2006050', 'China lifted a one-year ban on share sales, letting some publicly traded companies fund expansion in an economy that grew 10.2 percent in the first quarter. Companies must meet 34 criteria to be eligible to sell shares including three consecutive years of profit and dividend payments equal to at least 20 percent of income, according [...]')('2006050', "Blackstone Group and Carlyle Group, two of the world's largest private equity houses, are drawing up plans to list investment vehicles in Europe within the year, according to British newspaper The Telegraph. The two groups are considering following the lead of Kohlberg Kravis Roberts, which successfully raised $5 billion in a float on the Euronext [...]")('2006050', 'South African banking group Absa has launched a new investment bank, Absa Capital, to be linked to London-based Barclays Capital, a unit of its parent company Barclays, the firm said on Friday. Absa Capital is positioned to serve its customers in debt capital market funding initiatives in a wide range of currencies and structures across [...]')('2006050', 'It would have been easy for Howard Weil, a New Orleans-based boutique investment bank, to lose focus after the onslaught of Hurrican Katrina Instead, the firm had its best year ever. Howard Weil has been a fixture in the Big Easy since the firm was founded in 1946. Aside from its jazz and jambalaya, New [...]')('2006050', "François-Henri Pinault fulfilled his wish to make an acquisition in the U.S. for PPR's mail-order giant, Redcats. On Friday, Redcats USA said its subsidiary, VLP, had acquired all outstanding shares of The Sportsman's Guide in a transaction valuing the company at $265 million. Go to Article from Women's Wear Daily (Subscription Required) »")('2006050', 'In the latest maneuver in the fierce battle to win the owner of the Tropicana, Pinnacle Entertainment has raised its offer for casino operator Aztar in an attempt to fend off rival suitor Columbia Entertainment. Late Friday, Pinnacle said it would pay $51.00 for each share of Aztar stock, consisting of $47.00 of cash and [...]')('2006050', "Shareholders of Pixar Animation Studios on Friday voted to approve the company's acquisition by Walt Disney for about $7.4 billion in stock. The vote makes Pixar a wholly owned subsidiary of Disney and makes former Pixar Chief Executive Steve Jobs Disney's single largest shareholder with about a 7 percent stake. Go to Article from The [...]")('2006050', "BlackRock Ventures, a $1.8-billion oil sands producer that has been the subject of takeover rumours in recent months, could be swallowed up as early as Monday after trading was halted in the company's shares on Friday. BlackRock has been eyed by Royal Dutch Shell and Imperial Oil, which are both looking to increase production from [...]")('2006050', "Part of the art-photography collection of bankrupt commodities broker Refco fetched more than $5 million when they went under the hammer at Christie's in New York over the weekend. With some of the bankrupt broker's s highest profile pieces on the block, 40 works by contemporary photographers each went for between $50,000 and $750,000 on [...]")('2006050', 'In a development sure to ratchet up the debate in Europe over economic nationalism, shareholders of French utility Suez, which plans to merge with Gaz de France to create a 70 billion euro ($89 billion) juggernaut, granted C.E.O. Gérard Mestrallet permission to issue a poison pill to protect the company against an unsolicited offer. Suez [...]')('2006050', "John Thain, the chief executive of NYSE Group, the operator of the New York Stock Exchange, is expected to open talks with Euronext this week, in an attempt to muscle in on the pan-European exchange operator's protracted merger discussions with Deutsche Borse, The Telegraph reported. Thain has held informal discussions with Jean François Theodore, the [...]")('2006050', "In the 1980s, corporate raiders dismantled companies for the sums of their parts. Now, as private equity and hedge funds have become powerful forces in mergers and acquisitions, many are trying to recast themselves as smart managers. Nelson Peltz's recent attempt to take over almost half of H.J. Heinz's board of directors has raised questions [...]")('2006050', "Smithfield Foods, the world's biggest pork processor, is entering exclusive talks with Sara Lee to acquire its European meat business, a unit with $1.1 billion in annual sales, the two companies said Friday. Smithfield is likely to partner with Bain Capital on the acquisition, according to The Daily Deal. The Smithfield, Va.-based meat giant said [...]")('2006050', "The price to buy Lord & Taylor has been set, according to Women's Wear Daily, and it is a steep one: $1.2 billion, to be exact. While the price to buy the department store chain from its parent Federated Department Stores is within Wall Street's valuation range of Lord & Taylor's real estate, Women's Wear [...]")('2006050', 'The Forbes family, which has built its name into one of the strongest financial media brands in the world, has informally begun seeking outside investors as it considers plans to expand in Europe and online, people close to the company said. The effort is in its early stages, these people said, and may not result [...]')('2006050', 'The Wachovia Corporation reached a deal Sunday night to acquire the Golden West Financial Corporation, one of the last major independent banks on the West Coast, for about $26 billion in cash and stock. The transaction would give Wachovia, which is already strong on the East Coast and in the South, an important foothold in [...]')('2006050', 'As shareholders of Berkshire Hathaway made their way home from its legendary annual meeting (and barbecue) over the weekend, they had a big question to ponder. What $15 billion deal might the company be cooking up? Warren Buffett, the billionaire investor who leads Berkshire Hathaway, stoked speculation about such a deal when he told shareholders [...]')('2006050', 'Video compression software company DivX filed for an initial public offering Friday, seeking to sell up to $135 million in stock. The company did not disclose how many shares it will sell or their expected price range. DivX earned $2.3 million in 2005, compared to a loss of $4.3 million in 2004. Underwriters on the [...]')('2006050', 'Day 9, Colbert held hostage: In the course of declaring war on Salon for its rabid pro-Colbert agenda, The Daily Transom (a New York Observer blog) says that the debate over whether Stephen Colbert was funny at the White House Correspondents\' Association Dinner can be chalked up to an "Inverse Dean Scream Effect": "[T]he inverse [...]')('2006050', 'Kelefa Sanneh reviews new CD by Jagged Edge; photo (M)')('2006050', 'David Restrepo letter says stable Iraq is out of questions so long as there are militant Islamists eager to martyr themselves in name of religious fanaticism (April 30 article)')('2006050', 'Broadway shows are showing increase in box office receipts partly due to creation of premium tickets that sometimes cost more than twice amount of full price ticket; idea of reserving premium seats came about because of success of scalpers and brokers who have been charging hundreds of dollars for tickets to hit shows; prevalence of premium tickets has grown as even less popular shows that do not normally have full houses have premium seats available; photo (M)')('2006050', 'Photo of Class AA Southern League baseball game in which teams fought three times, ending game in eighth inning')('2006050', 'Rev Calvin O Butts III, pastor of Abyssinian Baptist Church in Harlem, endorses Mark Green for Democratic nomination for New York state attorney general; photo (S)')('2006050', "Photo of New York Mets' loss to Atlanta Bravese")('2006050', "Russ Weiss letter compares Bush administration's response to threat posed by Saddam Hussein's Iraq with its response to threat of global climate change (May 3 article)")('2006050', 'Jon Pareles reviews new CD by Gnarls Barkley; photo (M)')('2006050', 'Paul B Morgan letter supports training of US troops in American desert, simulating conditions to be encountered fighting in Iraq (May 1 article)')('2006050', 'Letter from Bassem Salem, Jordanan Minister of Labor, replies to May 3 article on National Labor Committee report stating that some apparel manufacturers operating in Jordan exploit guest laborers')('2006050', 'Lame4')('2006050', 'New York Reps Anthony D Weiner and Jerrold L Nadler urge Justice Department to crack down on Internet sales of fake police badges; request follows incidents in New York City of attempts by men displaying fake police badges to lure girls into cars (S)')('2006050', 'New York Yankees outfielder Gary Sheffield says he will not play hurt anymore (M)m')('2006050', 'James L Krasowski and ex-wife Angela Krasowski face charges in connection with overdose death of 13-year-old Frank Korondi, who was visiting their son in Shelton, Conn; Korondi had heroin injected in his body but it is unclear if he injected himself or was injected by someone else (S)')('2006050', 'BONDS HITS HOMER NO.')('2006050', 'Dave Anderson Sports of The Times column discusses possible replacements for starting pitchers Victor Zambrano and Brian Bannister (M)')('2006050', 'Tesfa Smith and Jalani Griffiths are killed when their car crashes into parked cars and utility pole in Brooklyn (S)')('2006050', "Richard May letter on Paul Krugman's May 5 Op-Ed suggests that there might be less illness in American society if drug companies were prohibited from direct public advertising of their products")('2006050', "Antoinette R Stone letter on Nicholas Kristof's May 2 Op-Ed arguing that increasing availability of contraception would reduce number of abortions; asserts desire to prevent women from controlling their own bodies, and therefore their lives, is all too often motivation of people who call themselves 'pro-life'")('2006050', 'Moroccan diplomat Abdelmajid Amrani Nadjar is charged in Manhattan with reckless driving and driving while intoxicated; summonses are issued and Nadjar is released (S)')('2006050', "Ellen Belmont Rosichan letter on Paul Krugman's May 5 Op-Ed notes several ways Ameicans could improve their health")('2006050', 'Man arrested on drug charges in Queens dies after swallowing drugs while in police custody; type and quantity of drugs he ingested are not known (S)')('2006050', "Christine Sellge letter on Paul Krugman's May 5 Op-Ed says Americans would be healthier if they walked more")('2006050', "Thilo Weissflog letter on David Brooks's May 4 Op-Ed on Kevin Phillips's book American Theocracy; says oil and religion have undue influence on Bush administration")('2006050', "Jeremy Pressman letter says Sen Joseph Biden Jr and Leslie H Gelb's plan for setting up three largely autonomous regions in Iraq (May 1 Op-Ed) would run into near-insurmountable obstacles in Kirkuk and Baghdad")('2006050', 'Paul M Wortman letter lauds May 1 Op-Ed by Sen Joseph R Biden Jr and Leslie H Gelb proposing decentralization scheme to resolve struggle in Iraq between Shiites and Sunnis')('2006050', "Will Hawkins letter on Paul Krugman's May 5 Op-Ed says increasing poor health of Americans compared with Europeans may be due to unhealthy ingredients in many foods they eat")('2006050', "Letter from Scott McClarty, media coordinator of Green Party of United States, comments on Thomas L Friedman's May 3 Op-Ed calling for third party that is willing to defy oil producers; asserts that any party that challenges power of oil producers cannot do so effectively while accepting corporate money, which Greens refuse")('2006050', 'New York City proposes regulation of pedicab industry through licensing, fees, insurance liability coverage and safety requirements; also seeks to ban round bicycle built for seven riders; photo (M)')('2006050', "Pamela Cook letter on Paul Krugman's May 5 Op-Ed on relatively poor health of Americans says fault may lie in 'relentless, systematic selling of sickness, cleverly promoted in fear-packed marketing and ad campaigns'")('2006050', 'USA Network is No 1 advertiser-supported cable channel in prime time among total viewers for week ended April 30; photo (S)5')('2006050', 'Nate Chinen reviews new CD by Liberty Ellman (M)')('2006050', 'Photo of San Antonio Spurs win over Dallas Mavericks in Game 1 of second-round playoff seriess')('2006050', 'Ben Ratliff reviews new CD by Isley Brothers (M)')('2006050', 'Cory Booker at his victory party (AP) With election results showing that Cory Booker beat Ronald L. Rice in a landslide, the city has begun to react to the start of a new political era. At the Bingo Hall where Mr. Rice conceded defeat about a half-hour ago, supporters milled about, seemingly unsurprised. After Mr. [...]')('2006050', 'It\'s been an axiom of Newark elections since before Cory Booker was born: supporters must be fed. Mr. Booker took that rule to heart today, visiting polling places with pockets full of candy, leaving a sugary trail of lolly pops and Kit Kats across Newark. "If you don\'t like that," he told one group of [...]')('2006050', "Amid all the recent speculation about Berkshire Hathaway's acquisition strategy, we would point out that not everyone wants to become part of Warren Buffett's corporate collection. Consider John Ward, chairman and chief executive of the Russell Corporation, the maker of sporting goods and apparel. When Russell agreed in April to be bought by Berkshire Hathaway [...]")('2006050', "Nobody likes to be the bearer of bad news and I'm no different, especially when I'm speaking to several martial artists who are as skillful with hadaka jime as they are with a corkscrew. But it had to be done, and so I informed them that the theme of our Grand Crew dinner was going [...]")('2006050', "Disney completed its purchase of Pixar Animation Studios late last week, and Pixar's former chief executive, Steve Jobs, is quickly making himself comfortable at the entertainment giant. As planned, Mr. Jobs was formally named to Disney's board. He also filed with securities regulators on Monday to register his new Disney stock - a 6.3 percent [...]")('2006050', 'Four years after voters lined up in record numbers to return Mayor Sharpe James to office over Cory Booker, all eyes are on the level of voter participation this time around. So far, turnout looks to be mixed. In the South Ward, where Newarkers went to the polls in overwhelming numbers to vote for Mr. [...]')('2006050', 'Mark Theirman, a Reno, Nev.-based labor lawyer who has won huge settlements from Starbucks, Hollywood Video, Pacific Bell and others, is taking on Wall Street. The cover story in the May issue of Registered Rep magazine warns that brokerages may owe registered representatives - otherwise known as stockbrokers - tens of thousands of dollars each [...]')('2006050', "Wall Street Folly highlights a notable item about Goldman Sachs chief executive Henry Paulson's recent trip to Saudi Arabia to discuss joint investment opportunities with Saudi Prince Alwaleed bin Talal. The story underscores Wall Street's growing interest in the region - and the region's growing interest in Wall Street. Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley both [...]")('2006050', 'The ugliest door in America is - well, was - in Clymer, N.Y., near Lake Erie. The door company Therma-Tru is replacing this ugly blue-and-red door with a more appealing entryway valued at $3,000 to $5,000. The company implies that an attractive door has more than aesthetic value: Replacing an old entry door with a [...]')('2006050', 'Royal Caribbean has installed Wi-Fi wireless Internet not just in its public areas, but also in every single stateroom.')('2006050', "The Chicago Mercantile Exchange, where pork belly futures and complex financial derivatives change hands, has joined the list of marketplaces interested in hooking up with Euronext, Europe's second-largest stock exchange, according to Bloomberg News. Representatives from the Chicago exchange and Euronext declined to comment on Bloomberg's report that the two exchanges discussed a merger or [...]")('2006050', "Will Carless, the go-to journalist on San Diego real estate, just published a report on foreclosures in that city at Voice of San Diego. Though there's no doubt that default and foreclosure rates have been climbing in San Diego, there's considerable debate going on in the real estate world about what those rate increases mean [...]")('2006050', 'I just did an article for The Times with Vikas Bajaj on the latest phase of the real estate slowdown. A lot of price-chopping going on and the first signs of year-over-year price declines. At the same time, it is worth looking at the research by PMI and Economy.com for risk analysis of the major [...]')('2006050', "Another form of real estate, Internet domain names, may once again be entering bubble territory. The Inman news service reports that www.housing.com is on sale for $800,000. You could buy a small house in San Francisco for that. What's on housing.com? I suppose you could click and look for yourself. To save you the effort, [...]")('2006050', "The Harper's magazine cover on real estate doom that I mentioned a few weeks ago is online now. (The cover is, not the story.) – DAMON DARLIN")('2006050', "Following up on Kohlberg Kravis Roberts' $5 billion stock offering last week on the Euronext, TheStreet.com asks whether hedge funds will follow the cue of their private equity colleagues and decide that they, too, should sell shares to the public. Some have already done so in Europe. But would they ever list their shares in [...]")('2006050', 'Cory Booker walked up to the modest brown townhouse on the corner of Bergen and 18th Streets just before 9 this morning to pay a visit to an old supporter. Rosalie Powell, 64, was bedridden, after breaking both her legs, but she was still cheerful and enthusiastic about Mr. Booker\'s chances. "I\'ve loved this man [...]')('2006050', 'What is $12 billion between two telecommunications giants? Vodafone shares rose nearly 4 percent on Tuesday, despite a report that the phone company is still far away from agreeing with Verizon Communications on a valuation for their joint venture. The report in The Telegraph, which gave no sources, indicated that Verizon had put a price [...]')('2006050', 'Packeteer, a manufacturer of hardware for computer networks, said it had agreed to acquire privately held Tacit Networks for $78 million in cash and assumption of some Tacit stock options. Tacit, based in South Plainfield, N.J., provides computer communications services for businesses. Packeteer is based in Cupertino, Calif. Go to Article from Reuters »Go to [...]')('2006050', 'Could Ben Bernanke hold the future of private equity in his hands? Reuters reports that some buyout professionals are saying that buyout funds face growing risks from changing sentiment about the future of interest rates. The warnings come as Wall Street has been struggling to get inside the mind of Mr. Bernanke, who, as the [...]')('2006050', 'Readers respond to Paul Krugman\'s May 8 column, "Who\'s Crazy Now?" Lisa Hastings, Philadelphia: Thanks so much for revealing the real conspiracy theories. Like everyone who objected to this war before it started, I was greeted with the conspiracy theory charge, regardless of the rationality of my argument. Even my husband accused me of buying [...]')('2006050', 'Merrill Lynch has joined the growing list of banks beefing up operations in the Middle East, with the appointment of Jeffrey Culpepper from Deutsche Bank as head of global markets and investment banking in the Middle East and North Africa, Merrill said on Tuesday. Merrill Lynch and other major investment banks are expanding in the [...]')('2006050', 'The Arctic Glacier Income Fund plans to acquire California Ice, a distributor of packaged ice, for about $190 million. Arctic Glacier, which is based in Winnipeg, said the acquisition would be made through a subsidiary, Arctic Glacier Inc. Go to Press Release from Arctic Glacier »')('2006050', "Even as investors and analysts debated the wisdom of Wachovia's proposed $26 billion acquisition of Golden West Financial, Forbes.com is taking a look at other potential takeover candidates in the mortgage-lending field. Although critics of the Wachovia deal argue that the mortgage industry is stalling, Forbes.com suggests that the big banks will probably descend on [...]")('2006050', "The investment bank Macquarie dropped a plan to bid for the Patrick Corporation, the biggest ports operator in Austrlia, clearing the way for the logistics firm Toll Holdings to take over Patrick 6.2 billion Australian dollars ($4.8 billion). Toll took Patrick's chairman and managing director to court on Monday to stop them from helping Macquarie [...]")('2006050', 'With a blogospheric "hat tip" to Jon Stewart, Gregory Djerejian of Belgravia Dispatch notes the key difference between President Bush\'s August 11, 2004, statement when he nominated Porter Goss to lead the C.I.A. ("He is the right man to lead this important agency at this critical moment in our nation\'s history") and the president\'s May [...]')('2006050', 'BP Plc plans to sell all its Dutch gas fields and its Dutch gas infrastructure business in a deal that industry sources said could raise up to $500 million. Go to Article from Reuters »')('2006050', 'Merck & Company said on Tuesday it had agreed to acquire GlycoFi, a privately-held biotechnology company, for about $400 million. Go to Article from Reuters » Go to Press Release From Merck »')('2006050', 'Cornel West (Denise Applewhite/Princeton University) Four years ago, Cornel West - the Princeton professor, theologian, activist and author who played a version of himself in "The Matrix Reloaded" - campaigned for Cory Booker, predicting that the young candidate would scamper up the political ladder after a victory over Mayor Sharpe James. This time around, with [...]')('2006050', 'We\'ve decided to end our series of questions with something a bit unorthodox, but revealing - a request for a compliment. Name one thing that you most respect about your opponent. Perhaps not surprisingly, both Cory Booker and Ronald L. Rice found a way to curdle praise into criticism. Ronald L. Rice "Mr. Booker has [...]')('2006050', 'Fannie Mae, still investigating $11 billion in accounting problems, said on Tuesday it had identified new errors in two areas, but that it still expects to meet capital requirements set by regulators. Fannie Mae said it found problems in its accounting for consolidation of certain securitization transactions and accounting for the mortgage-backed securities it held [...]')('2006050', 'The consumer products maker Sara Lee Corporation said Tuesday it is selling its British-based Courtaulds apparel business as the company streamlines its operations. Terms of the deal, which was made with a group led by the global garment producer PD Enterprise, were not disclosed. Sara Lee, which is based in Chicago, also reported quarterly earnings [...]')('2006050', 'Lazard, a financial advisory firm that went public last May, said on Tuesday its adjusted first-quarter earnings rose 68 percent, helped by higher merger and acquisition fees. The company which is based in New York, said it earned $52.5 million, or 51 cents a share, up from $31.3 million, or 31 cents a share, a [...]')('2006050', "The Swiss-based bank UBS said on Tuesday it would take over a Brazilian investment bank, Banco Pactual, for $2.5 billion. Pactual, a non-listed, private partnership, will give UBS a strong position in Brazil's investment banking sector and make it a significant provider of asset management and wealth management services there. Go to Article from Reuters [...]")('2006050', "Kraft Foods, along with a British partner, Premier Foods, and a Dutch private equity group, are set to bid up to 2.3 billion pounds ($4.3 billion) for United Biscuits as early as this week, Reuters reported. Kraft already owns a quarter of privately-held United Biscuits, the maker of McVitie's biscuits and Jaffa Cakes as well [...]")('2006050', 'Acosta Sales and Marketing, a Jacksonville, Fla.-based food brokerage business backed by Berkshire Partners, is being shopped by Goldman Sachs and could fetch as much as $1.65 billion, The Daily Deal reported. Goldman Sachs is pitching the company to some large buyout firms following the successful sale of a similar business, Advantage Sales and Marketing [...]')('2006050', "Warner Brothers has named Polly Cohen to head Warner Independent Pictures, the studio's specialty art-house division, the company announced Monday. Mark Gill, who founded the division in mid-2003, resigned last week amid continuing tension with Jeff Robinov, Warner's president of production. Go to Article from The New York Times »")('2006050', "On the heels of its legal victory over the Beatles' Apple Corporation, Apple Computer said its top lawyer has left the company, in the third high-level departure from the Mac maker in recent months. The company on Monday confirmed the departure of general counsel Nancy Heinen, who was its highest-ranking female executive, but did not [...]")('2006050', "The Mexican broadcaster TV Azteca said on Monday that it was in talks with U.S. regulators over fraud charges involving the company. Last year, the Securities and Exchange Commission charged Ricardo Salinas, owner of the company, and two other executives of taking part in a scheme to conceal Mr. Salinas's role in a debt deal [...]")('2006050', "New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer has added more allegations to his $250 million lawsuit against H&R Block, which he accused in March of marketing money-losing IRAs to its customers. The state attorney general said Monday that managers of the nation's largest tax preparation company actively penalized tax preparers who refused to market money-losing I.R.A.s [...]")('2006050', "A Toyota executive accused of sexual harassment by his former assistant has left his position and will not take a new assignment until the situation is resolved, Toyota said Monday night. The executive, Hideaki Otaka, president and chief of Toyota Motor North America, which oversees the company's manufacturing and financial operations, had planned to leave [...]")('2006050', "A federal court yesterday ordered Henry C. Yuen, former chief executive of Gemstar-TV Guide International, to pay $22 million for his role in a scheme to defraud investors by inflating the company's revenue, regulators said. Go to Article from The New York Times »")('2006050', 'Venture-backed Alibris - which helps people buy hard-to-find books online - has agreed to be acquired by Oak Hill Capital Partners, which will help the company the branch out overseas and into the used movies and music markets. Go to Article from VentureWire Professional » Go to Article from LBO Wire »')('2006050', 'The Halifax Group said it has held the final close of its second fund, Halifax Capital Partners II, having raised $305 million. The Washington, D.C.-based private equity firm invests between $15 million and $25 million of equity in private companies with enterprise values of less than $100 million. The firm will leverage a buyout with [...]')('2006050', "The Westfield Group of Australia, the world's top shopping mall owner by market value, agreed to sell eight malls in the United States to Centro Properties Group and a private equity grouping, raising $550 million. Go to Article from Reuters »")('2006050', 'Zilker Labs, a chip design company based in Austin, Texas, raised $8 million in a third round of venture capital. New investor HIG Ventures participated, along with previous investors Sevin Rosen Funds and North Bridge Venture Partners. John Kim, managing director of Miami-based HIG Ventures, has been named a "board observer" at Zilker. Go to [...]')('2006050', 'Split Rock Partners splurged on data-mining software company xTech, supplying all $8 million of the start-up\'s Series A round. The move was unusual, said Split Rock Partners Managing Director Michael Gorman, who will join Managing Partner Jim Simons on xTech\'s board. "We like to work regularly with others but we looked at this opportunity and [...]')('2006050', "Robotic aircraft manufacturer Insitu Group has already reached profitability on the strength of several government contracts. Now, the company hopes to aim for the commercial marketplace with $23 million in fresh capital from venture investors. Battery Ventures of Wellesley, Mass., led Insitu's new third round. Also contributing were Second Avenue Partners of Seattle and Pteranodon [...]")('2006050', 'El Pollo Loco Holdings filed on Monday for an initial public offering of up to $135 million. The Irvine, Calif.-based company has a number of restaurants in the Bay Area which specialize in flame-grilled chicken. It was acquired in November 2005 by an affiliate controlled by New York private asset management firm Trimaran Capital Partners. [...]')('2006050', "Australian Finance Minister Nick Minchin said Monday that senior ministers had endorsed a planned sale of the government's 51.8 percent stake in Telstra, the biggest Australian telephone company. Minchin told a meeting of senior ministers that in light of the fact that Telstra's discussions with the competition regulator over a planned fiber optic network were [...]")('2006050', 'Investment banking firm Avondale Partners has opened an equity research office in Atlanta, its third such addition this year. The office will be managed by senior analyst Patrick McKeever, who joins Avondale from SunTrust Robinson Humphrey in Atlanta. McKeever is focused on the retail sector. Go to Article from Nashville Business Journal »')('2006050', "Credit Suisse has poached the head of UBS's private wealth management team in the United States to lead its private banking operations for the Americas. Anthony DeChellis, who will join Credit Suisse in two weeks, will be based in New York and report directly to Walter Berchtold, chief executive of the firm's private bank. Go [...]")('2006050', 'Gregory Smith has been named senior vice president and chief financial officer of Marshall & Ilsley, the financial company said Monday. Mr. Smith has worked in investment banking since 1990, most recently as a managing director, specializing in Midwest financial institutions for Credit Suisse in Chicago. Go to Article from The Milwaukee Business Journal »')('2006050', 'Lehman Brothers has expanded its global finance team in Asia, bringing in three new hires in newly-created roles. Hiroshi Wakutsu joins the firm in its Tokyo offices, while Terence Lim and Juhi Prasad come to Lehman in Hong Kong. The move is described by the investment bank as strengthening its Japanese franchise and broadening its [...]')('2006050', 'Thomas Weisel swung to a better-than-expected profit in the first quarter as revenue from investment banking more than doubled. The securities company earned $21.3 million, or 96 cents a share, compared with a loss of $6.2 million a year ago (the company went public on Feb. 7, 2006). Adjusted for items, Thomas Weisel earned $6.6 [...]')('2006050', "Months after British regulators accused one of Europe's best-known hedge fund mangers of insider trading, financial powerhouses are pursuing him for another reason: they're trying to hire him. Dozens of banks and hedge funds have been trying to recruit the manager, Philippe Jabre, since he left GLG Partners, one of Europe's biggest hedge funds, with [...]")('2006050', "The once-combative Leona Helmsley, quietly working behind the scenes, has consolidated her power in what could be a step toward settling one of New York's major real estate family feuds. The move could lead to Ms. Helmsley's longtime partners, the Malkin family, booting partner but rival real estate baron Irving Schneider out of operations at [...]")('2006050', 'Philippe Starck, the international design superstar who once fashioned a baby bottle resembling a perfume dispenser for Target, has struck gold by selling condominiums in Manhattan and Miami Beach. His "Downtown" project in the former headquarters of J.P. Morgan Chase on Wall Street, featuring a bowling alley, 24-seat screening room, and rooftop reflecting pool, sold [...]')('2006050', "First the phone company went after TV, and now it's after online games. Verizon Communications is investing in new applications that will help its customers fill their broadband pipes. On Monday, the company announced it has taken a minority stake in Super Computer International, a company that hosts online games for multiplayer video-game developers and [...]")('2006050', "The designer Betsey Johnson has never been one to conform to the latest trends, but even this wild child of American fashion seemingly can't resist the lure of Wall Street. Johnson and longtime business partner Chantal Bacon have recently held discussions with investment bankers about selling part or all of the company they founded nearly [...]")('2006050', 'Both sides abruptly rested their cases on Monday in the fraud trial of two former Enron chief executives, setting the stage for closing arguments next week in a trial that could define an era of American business history. But after 53 days of trial, 51 witnesses and nearly four weeks of testimony from the two [...]')('2006050', "As the international art market sizzles with corporate auctions and record-breaking sales, Venus Capital Management, the U.S. hedge fund, has acquired a stake in India's leading art house. This makes it the first large foreign investor to buy into Indian contemporary art's rising status. The Boston-based fund has agreed to invest $2.5 million for a [...]")('2006050', 'Publicly-traded Crown Castle International has agreed to acquire wireless tower operator Mountain Union Telecom from its equity sponsors Toronto Dominion Capital and Sansome Capital for $309 million. Go to Article from VentureWire Professional » Go to Article from The Houston Chronicle »')('2006050', "The niche naturist tour operator Peng Travel is set to win greater exposure after agreeing a sale to Travelzest, the new specialist travel firm. Travelzest, founded last year, is buying Peng, Britain's biggest naturist holiday company, for 1.8 million pounds ($3.3 million). The deal will turn Peter Englert, who set up Peng in 1971, into [...]")('2006050', "Atticus Capital, a hedge fund that doesn't shy away from boardroom drama, is now the New York Stock Exchange's second-largest shareholder. Atticus, with $12 billion under management, was busy last week buying nearly 2.5 million Big Board shares on the open market. Several traders pointed to the rumor of Atticus' position for the Big Board's [...]")('2006050', 'OMV, Austria\'s state-run oil company, said it may buy Verbund, the national utility worth 12.4 billion euros ($15.7 billion) on the stock exchange, as European governments build energy companies capable of competing in open markets. "Following the idea of a merger of equals, the price would include a minor premium on the average share price [...]')('2006050', 'Mittal Steel said on Tuesday that it was willing to increase its bid for Arcelor, the second-largest steelmaker in the world, and that it has made preliminary contact with Arcelor\'s chairman. Still, Mittal acknowledged that the talks were not particularly fruitful, and that it did not see a "willingness" on Arcelor\'s behalf to accept Mittal\'s [...]')('2006050', 'A wave of corporate mergers keeps generating fat fees for investment bankers. Ironically, the brokerage sector has been only a modest player on the merger front. But that state of affairs may begin to change in the coming months, as midsized brokerages start to draw attention from larger investment firms, similar-sized brokers and foreign banks. [...]')('2006050', 'UBS, Europe\'s largest bank by assets, agreed to buy Brazilian investment bank Banco Pactual for about $2.6 billion to win more stock and bond underwriting fees in the biggest economy in Latin America. UBS will pay $1 billion now and as much as $1.6 billion in five years "subject to certain performance conditions," the Zurich-based [...]')('2006050', 'Teck Cominco\'s surprise C$17.8 billion ($16 billion) bid for Inco Monday has set the stage for a global bidding war for the nickel producer, driven by sky-high metal prices and the need of major producers to lock down future metal supplies. "By bidding for Inco, they have put Inco into play," Larry Avant, managing partner [...]')('2006050', "Thermo Electron's, acquisition of Fisher Scientific International for $10.6 billion, looks like a good deal all around to Breakingviews. Given that Fisher, a supplier of medical laboratory equipment, is nearly 50 percent bigger than its buyer-rival, and Thermo's management gets to take over, the 7 percent premium on offer seems cheap. Despite the fact that [...]")('2006050', "A value gap of $12 billion has opened up between Vodafone and Verizon Communications over the pair's U.S. joint venture, Verizon Wireless, America's number two cellphone network, according to The Telegraph. The two companies have made initial contact about a sale of Vodafone's 45 percent stake to Verizon. The U.S. firm has placed an indicative [...]")('2006050', 'Investors questioned Monday whether Shell Canada is paying too much with its $2.4-billion offer for upstart oil sands producer BlackRock Ventures – the most aggressive move yet for assets in the booming crude region of northern Alberta. Financial analysts said the company is paying a record amount for oil sands reserves, a valuation that is [...]')('2006050', 'Prosecutors traditionally used the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act, or RICO, in cases against organized crime. But a receiver overseeing a collapsed Philadelphia hedge fund is using the statute to go after a unit of the Man Group of Britain, the largest publicly traded hedge fund in the world. The receiver, who represents Philadelphia [...]')('2006050', 'The private equity backers of Warner Music Group have gotten a lot of bling for their buck. The buyout consortium, which includes Edgar Bronfman Jr., Thomas H. Lee Partners, Bain Capital and Providence Equity Partners, long ago recouped their entire investment in the music company, which they bought from Time Warner in March 2004 in [...]')('2006050', 'In this lesson students will conduct a scientific experiment that reveals what types of particles are in the air at their school. Students will then report on these results and write letters to Steven Johnson, the Administrator for the Environmental Protection Agency.')('2006050', 'Q & A column discusses whether breath odor can be masked by eating parsley; drawing (M)')('2006050', 'Dr Stephen M Saravay, Academy of Psychosomatic Medicine president, letter on May 2 article about mind-body connection in medicine holds that research into psychosomatic medicine is important in order to improve patient treatment; drawing')('2006050', 'Diagram of instrument used to detect gravitational waves corrected; drawing (S)')('2006050', 'Arts, Briefly; Whoopi Goldberg Is Taking Her Wit to the Radio*')('2006050', 'Photo of New Jersey Devils loss to Carolina Hurricanes in Game 2 of second-round playoffs')('2006050', 'Paul Boudreaux letter on cost of World Trade Center memorial (May 5 article); says too many people feel that nation must respond to unparalleled disaster with rebuilding effort of unparalleled complexity and expense')('2006050', "Robert D Chagnon letter says Porter J Goss's record as CIA director (May 6 article) is reminder of consequences of placing loyalty as a qualification for key positions well above other considerations")('2006050', 'Sarah Strohmeyer letter comments on allegations that Kaavya Viswanathan borrowed from another novel for her book How Opal Got Kissed, Got Wild and Got a Life (May 2 news article)')('2006050', 'Daniel Propson letter on May 5 article suggests that if every American gave $1 to World Trade Center memorial foundation, $1 billion cost of memorial would be more manageable')('2006050', 'University of California, Berkeley, researchers develop artificial eye size of pinhead; design is based on eye of insect and has thousands of compound lenses; drawings; photo; graphs (M)')('2006050', 'Peter Braus letter holds cost of memorial to tragic events of 9/11 is spiraling out of control as surely as other rebuilding efforts at ground zero have over last four and half years (May 5 article)')('2006050', 'Peter Alkalay letter asserts that report that Taliban threat is growing in southern Afghanistan (May 3 article) points up overwhelming failure of American policy in region of world that Bush administration simply does not understand')('2006050', "Wasil Burki letter on May 5 article says Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, jihadist leader 'flummoxed' by how to discharge machine gun, still has most powerful army in world scratching its head")('2006050', 'Jane E Brody Personal Health column discusses patients who are non-compliant with doctors orders; suggests betters communication between doctors and patients; drawing (M)')('2006050', "Pat Murphy letter argues that if members of Congress were too 'tongue-tied' to raise sensible objections to Porter J Goss's lack of skills to direct Central Intelligence Agency, they are surely no match for dealing with his successor, the urbane and bureaucratic-savvy Gen Michael V Hayden (May 6 article)")('2006050', 'American Stroke Assn does not endorse three-step test used to diagnose stroke because it fails to recognize wide variety of symptoms that can appear when someone is having stroke; drawing (M)')('2006050', 'Ben Ratliff reviews performance by bands Lightning Bolt and Nautical Almanac at The Hook (M)')('2006050', 'One officer is killed and two others wounded after gunman opens fire on police station in Fairfax County, Va; gunman is shot and killed (S)')('2006050', 'Sylvia Rackow letter says that if US can send billions of dollars to Iraq every other day, it should not skimp on cost of 9/11 memorial (May 5 article)')('2006050', 'Photo of veterans in Central Park after cycling from ground zero as part of event for Soldier Ride, nonprofit group seeking to raise support for wounded soldiers')('2006050', 'Greg Levin letter on challenges facing next CIA director, including serious gaps in United States knowledge of Iran (May 7 article); contends United States government needs to put higher premium on language ability in hiring analysts')('2006050', "Peter Dear letter holds it is heartening to see members of Pres Bush's own party criticize his choice of Gen Michael Hayden to lead Central Intelligence Agency on ground that military officer should not oversee civilian intelligence agency (May 8 article)")('2006050', 'Jean C Berman letter seconds May 4 editorial about verdict in trial of Zacarias Moussaoui and inability to Guantanamo Bay detainees to obtain trial')('2006050', 'Columbia University names Paul Steiger, managing editor of Wall Street Journal and vice president at Dow Jones & Co, to succeed Henry Louis Gates Jr as head of Pulitzer Prize Board (S)')('2006050', "Tom Miller letter holds latest White House overhaul of CIA, where agency's job wil be primarily stealing secrets and no longer independent intelligence analysis (May 7 article), is consistent with White House's disastrous policy of trying to create its own reality through lies, clever propaganda and photo-ops, rather than basing its decisions on knowledge of facts")('2006050', 'Senate again rebuffs Republican effort to limit jury awards in medical malpractice cases, taking issue off agenda for this year; Republicans, in back-to-back votes, fall far short of 60 senators necessary to proceed on two malpractice measures (M)')('2006050', "Shell Canada bids 2.4 billion Canadian dollars ($2.2 billion) for BlackRock Ventures, oil producer with operations in Western Canada's oil sands; graph (S)")('2006050', "Geraldyn Eckber letter scores Pres Bush's statement that Porter J Goss, departing CIA director, 'led ably' in war on terror (May 6 article)")('2006050', 'Phyllis Bogen letter on Jane E Brody May 2 Personal Health column suggests that organ donation information and eligibility become part of medical dialogue with patients')('2006050', "ABC wins ratings for Sunday night with shows America's Funniest Home Videos, Extreme Makeover: Home Edition and Desperate Housewives (S)")('2006050', 'Steven Feinman letter says Bush administration is in no position to ridicule Abu Musab al-Zarqawi on his ineptness with machine gun, given fact that it has been unable inability to bring terrorist to justice (May 5 article)')('2006050', 'Photo of skateboarders on closed portion of Saw Mill River Parkway in Pleasantville, NY, as project to raise part of road gets under way')('2006050', 'Lynne Greer Jolitz letter on May 2 article about scientific journals says that process of determining which articles are published is rife with favoritism and mismanagement')('2006050', 'Guthrie Theater in Minneapolis, Minn, goes dark exactly 43 years to day after it opened; closing was planned after adjacent Walker Art Center announced it was going to make room for expansion by demolishing building; Guthrie has begun moving into new $125 million complex with three stages and will open new season in July (S)')('2006050', 'Steven T Corneliussen letter on May 2 article about engineer Henry Petroski hails his importance in field')('2006050', 'Dr Jeffrey M Drazen, New England Journal of Medicine editor in chief, letter on May 2 article about medical journals rebuts criticism of current standards and procedures for publication in journal')('2006050', 'Rolling Stones guitarist Keith Richards undergoes surgery to remove blood clot on his brain; photo (S)')('2006051', "This will be my final post in this forum, and I wanted to take just a few more lines to express what it's been like from where I'm sitting. I have been fully immersed in this war, this way of life, for some time now. I already kept a blog about my experiences, which had [...]")('2006051', '.')('2006051', "[Correction appended] Whenever I'm in the company of other journalists and the conversation turns to our respective beats, mine - food - usually draws a silent snicker. It's deemed a less-than-serious subject, and I suppose compared to covering war or national security, it can be viewed that way. Even when someone is ostensibly complimenting a [...]")('2006051', "Richard Leone (Laura Pendrick/The New York Times) Richard Leone is one of those people who sort of knows everything about government. He headed the transition team for former Gov. Brendan T. Byrne in 1973 and was state treasurer. He has deep roots in New Jersey's Democratic firmament but is respected in both parties. He currently [...]")('2006051', 'Bounding into a police station on the sixth scheduled stop in his victory lap around the city today, Mayor-elect Cory Booker grabbed hands and accepted warm congratulations. But he didn\'t linger too long, mindful that he was taking up the time of public servants still working for Mayor Sharpe James. "So that\'s it," he told [...]')('2006051', 'Brick Towers (Marko Georgiev for The New York Times) Cory Booker said today that he intended to stay in the decrepit apartment building he has lived in since 1998 "for the foreseeable future," adding that as mayor, he would try to rehablitate the property to its former glory as one of Newark\'s most luxurious addresses. [...]')('2006051', 'The mood was somber and calm at City Hall, where the Sharpe James era is about to end and Cory Booker is set to take over as mayor on July 1. While many city employees said quietly that they are thrilled with the election results, those who felt differently were scarce. "A lot called in [...]')('2006051', 'Concerns about conflicts between private equity investing and transaction advisory work do not seem to be weighing too heavily on Lehman Brothers. The investment bank plans to more than double the size of its next private equity fund to about $3 billion, Reuters reported Wednesday, citing undisclosed sources. Lehman did not comment on the report. [...]')('2006051', "When it agreed to buy Golden West Financial for $25.5 billion in cash and stock, Wachovia offered the target's shareholders a 15 percent premium to the stock's recent closing price. But TheStreet.com points out that Wachovia also dangled another benefit to shareholders of its intended: the ability to avoid taxes on the stock they receive [...]")('2006051', 'Making the humor rounds on the Internet.... ...Sen. Lamar Alexander has introduced a bill that the national anthem, and all other statements of national unity, must be spoken or sung only in English, not Spanish. He emphasized that the English language is the basis of our national unity, as reflected in our national motto: E [...]')('2006051', "Did you know that May is Electrical Safety Month? I didn't either. Underwriters Laboratories is publicizing the dangers of electric wiring in older homes. The group says a third of the country's housing stock has wiring that is 50 years old or older. The Residential Electrical System Aging Research Project finds that faulty wiring can [...]")('2006051', "Kiplinger's, the personal finance magazine, has come out with its list of the best cities to live in. It calls them smart cities. I always wonder about these lists - everyone does them - because what do these magazines expect a reader to do, pick up and move there? Here is the Kiplinger's list: Nashville, [...]")('2006051', "French Super Aguri driver Franck Montagny. (AFP/ Damien Meyer). Today the Super Aguri team announced that the FIA has withdrawn Yuji Ide's super licence. That means no more Formula One racing for Ide this year. Although the team also said that they would try to help him find other opportunities and a path back to [...]")('2006051', "Cory Booker could hardly have hoped for a better result in yesterday's election, but support didn't come cheap. With 99 percent of districts reporting, Mr. Booker had received a little more than 32,000 votes. He spent roughly $5 million on his campaign. That may seem paltry next to, say, the $78 million that multi-billionaire New [...]")('2006051', 'When a company is acquired, its top management often get sizable sendoff packages. At newspaper chain Knight Ridder, which is about to be bought by McClatchy, several executives are set to collect several million dollars more than previously expected, Footnoted.org said after scanning an amended regulatory filing from McClatchy. In March, McClatchy agreed to buy [...]')('2006051', "One activist shareholder is distracting enough, but Nabi Pharmaceuticals is now facing three of them. TheStreet.com reports that a third hedge fund has joined the firing line aimed at Nabi, demanding that the drug researcher offer itself up for sale by threatening a postponement of the company's annual shareholder meeting Friday. Harvest Management has pooled [...]")('2006051', 'In this lesson, students learn what members of the Iranian exile community in California, known as "Tehrangeles," have to say about the prospect of United States military action in Iran. They then interview immigrants from their own communities about current events making news in their countries of origin.')('2006051', "Goldman Sachs chief Henry Paulson may be the chairman of the The Nature Conservancy - a role that became an issue at the firm's latest annual meeting - but he is hardly the only investment banker with a heavy green streak. Bloomberg and The Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday that Theodore Roosevelt IV, a [...]")('2006051', 'These photos of sidewalk art will blow your mind.')('2006051', 'Readers respond to Thomas Friedman\'s May 10 column, "The Post-Post-Cold War" Gerald DeOreo, Mountain View, Hawaii: An excellent, and, I believe, accurate, assessment of where our nation stands today. I now wonder what might happen if the formerly middle class of this nation suddenly finds itself out of the middle class and struggling to make [...]')('2006051', 'The Nasdaq Stock Market pressed on with its piecemeal purchases of the London Stock Exchange on Wednesday, announcing that it had increased its stake in the British bourse to 22.7 percent. The American exchange said in a statement Wednesday that it had bought 10.3 million shares for 1,248 pence each, or 128.5 million pounds ($239.4 [...]')('2006051', "Home Depot's latest purchase in its buying spree looks like a page taken from the Wal-Mart playbook. The home-improvement giant announced Tuesday that it will buy home improvement lender EnerBank for an undisclosed sum. The industrial loan corporation, which has $76 million in assets, provides unsecured financing for home improvement projects such as window replacements [...]")('2006051', 'Thomas Peterffy, the chairman of Interactive Brokers, is moving quickly on plans to build a $45 million estate in Greenwich, Conn., according to Trader Daily, which cites "inside sources." Plans call for a compound that would include four mansions and a horse farm on an 80-acre plot. Mr. Peterffy is probably hoping his project has [...]')('2006051', 'Athletic clothing maker Under Armour filed Wednesday for a secondary offering that would allow Rosewood Capital, its main venture backer, to sell all of its shares in the company, according to the prospectus. Rosewood and other stockholders would sell 6.8 million shares, worth about $255 million at current prices. The announcement of the secondary comes [...]')('2006051', 'InnerWorkings, which provides print procurement services to corporations, filed with United States securities regulators Wednesday to raise up to $100 million in an initial public offering of common stock. Morgan Stanley, Jefferies Broadview, Piper Jaffray and William Blair will underwrite the offering, according to a preliminary prospectus with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Go to [...]')('2006051', 'If you\'re a Democrat, 15 percent of your political donations go to media consultants, writes Salon Washington bureau chief Walter Shapiro. The John Kerry presidential campaign, Shapiro says, was little "more than an income-transfer program from contributors to consultants." Former Democratic National Committee chairman Terry McAuliffe says the high fees paid to Bob Shrum can [...]')('2006051', 'Cory Booker celebrating his election victory (Marko Georgiev/For The New York Times) After 20 years of Sharpe James, Newark cast its vote yesterday for dramatic change - for Cory Booker and his campaign promises of more police on the streets, better schools, more jobs for residents and a culture of professionalism in city government. This [...]')('2006051', "Ronald L. Rice conceding defeat (George Oliva/AP) Ronald L. Rice's chief criticsm of Cory Booker consisted of an attack on his opponent's wealthy, conservative campaign contributors who live outside the city. Near the end of the campaign, he suggested that Mr. Booker could never understand Newark because he was out of touch with his African-American [...]")('2006051', 'The Great Atlantic & Pacific Tea Company, the supermarket chain known as A.&P., suggested Tuesday that it might be looking for a merger partner as it posted a loss of $39.1 million for its fourth quarter. A.&P. Chairman Christian Haub said in a statement that "improved performance and financial resources also present the opportunity to [...]')('2006051', "NYSE Group and Nasdaq Stock Market, the two biggest U.S. stock exchanges, are losing market share - to each other. Both exchanges reported gains in trading their rival's listed companies, as well as the steepest monthly declines in trading their own stocks in more than a year. The reports this week underscore the pressure on [...]")('2006051', 'Vornado Realty Trust, one of the largest and savviest REITs, has been pulling out all the stops in an effort to amend covenants on three of its outstanding bond issues to enable it to take on more debt. Facing stiff resistance from a slim majority of bondholders, some of the top executives at Vornado adviser [...]')('2006051', "Teléfonos de México said Tuesday that it was planning to make a cash offer for the outstanding shares of Brazil's largest long-distance telephone carrier, Embratel Participacoes. Shares of the Brazilian company surged. Mauricio Fernandes, an analyst at Merrill Lynch, estimated in a research note that Telmex would have to spend $915 million to buy out [...]")('2006051', "The College of Wooster is a small liberal arts college in Ohio whose graduates have historically gravitated toward careers as Presbyterian ministers, music teachers or college professors, not traditionally high-paid professions. Yet its endowment is on a roll. Nearly 80 percent of the endowment's assets are invested in hedge funds – making Wooster among the [...]")('2006051', 'Five years after stripping investors of hundreds of thousands of stock options, the bank chaired by State Sen. Vincent J. Fumo announced yesterday that it would pay the investors $9.7 million to settle their lawsuit. The payment by PSB Bancorp, the parent company of small First Penn Bank, removes the bulk of litigation that has [...]')('2006051', "Chief executives' salaries have risen sharply. On top of that, new government data show, shareholders are paying more for executives' personal travel on corporate jets, long criticized as a symbol of excess. And shareholders are picking up the tab each time Time Warner's Richard Parsons boards a company jet to visit his house in Italy; [...]")('2006051', "A senior federal prosecutor said yesterday that a move by the accounting firm KPMG to cut off legal fees to employees caught up in a criminal investigation of the firm over tax shelters played no role in the government's decision not to indict the firm. The testimony by the prosecutor, Shirah Neiman, the chief counsel [...]")('2006051', 'Overstock.com, an online close-out retailer, said Tuesday the Securities and Exchange Commission has issued a subpoena for documents about its finances, communications and policies, including its complaint against Gradient Analytics. The Salt Lake City-based company said it intends to review the subpoena and respond in "due course." It said the subpoena requests a "broad range" [...]')('2006051', 'Credit Suisse will pay $90 million to Enron to settle claims that it helped the energy trader commit fraud, Enron said Tuesday. Houston-based Enron has now settled with at least six banks in its "MegaClaims" litigation. It accused the banks of helping prior management hide debt and inflate results, contributing to the company\'s December 2001 [...]')('2006051', "Equity funds have developed a taste for restaurant companies. Flush with cash, they helped themselves to a heaping portion last year. The number of restaurant deals announced by private equity funds in 2005 rivaled those by restaurant chains, two new reports show. That's a dramatic shift from previous years, and the trend is continuing. Go [...]")('2006051', 'Oil and gas distributor TransMontaigne said it is poised to terminate a merger agreement with SemGroup, a midstream energy services company backed by two private equity firms, after receiving a sweetened buyout offer from Morgan Stanley Capital Group. The development was the latest twist in the sale of the oil and gas distributor. If it [...]')('2006051', "Thomas H. Lee Partners plans to raise $9 billion for its sixth and biggest buyout fund, 20 percent more than an initial target set about a year ago, Bloomberg News reported. The new fund is the Boston-based firm's first since 62-year-old founder Thomas H. Lee left in March. Low borrowing costs and the most active [...]")('2006051', 'Cequint, a developer of caller identification technology, has scored $1.5 million in financing from Benaroya Capital and angel investors. It also has inked a deal with an undisclosed North American wireless carrier, which chief executive Rick Hennessey said has agreed to add the City I.D. service this summer. Available at the point of sale as [...]')('2006051', 'Officials have announced the initial closing of a new angel investment fund that will target high growth, women and minority-led companies located in Wisconsin and the Midwest. Phenomenelle Angels Fund I said Tuesday that the fund broke escrow with $2.3 million in committed capital, and has a target of closing $10 million in committed capital [...]')('2006051', 'Trilogy Equity Partners, a new investment firm that has quietly funded Seattle start-ups without publicly announcing itself, has revealed a third partner: former McCaw Cellular Communications executive and Western Wireless Vice Chairman Don Guthrie. Trilogy, based in Bellevue, Wash., has drawn attention thanks largely to the wireless industry notables that founded it, including former T-Mobile [...]')('2006051', 'Avidia won a ringing endorsement of its platform technology for development of a new class of drugs based on proteins called avimers, landing $43.8 million in a second round of financing while still not having a product in clinical trials. The new financing, led by Skyline Ventures of Palo Alto, Calif., makes Avidia one of [...]')('2006051', 'Leap Wireless, which said Tuesday its first-quarter profit had doubled, set plans for a $250 million forward sale of stock that the company said will allow it to raise funds to bid in a Federal Communications Commission auction of wireless spectrum licenses. Go to Article from TheStreet.com »')('2006051', 'British slot machine operator Leisure Link has opted for an accelerated public offering instead of a sale to another private equity fund. Leisure Link, which is being advised by the boutique investment bank Hawkpoint, was put up for sale by its private equity owner, Henderson Private Equity, several months ago. Go to Article from The [...]')('2006051', 'ACE Aviation Holdings wants to unlock value in Air Canada by spinning off the country\'s largest airline. Air Canada\'s strength isn\'t being reflected in ACE\'s stock price, according to ACE leader Robert Milton, so he hopes to "illuminate" the airline for investors, possibly by turning the wholly owned subsidiary into a separate, publicly traded company. [...]')('2006051', 'The Bank of China will tip the scales at nearly $10 billion and deliver a hefty payday to co-underwriter Goldman Sachs as the lender gets ready for its initial public offering in Hong Kong in the next couple of weeks. News reports out of Hong Kong on Tuesday put the purse of the I.P.O. at [...]')('2006051', 'EMC has acquired Kashya to provide data replication and protection to its virtualization software, paying $153 million in cash, or about seven times what venture capital investors injected in the start-up. San Jose-based Kashya raised about $22 million from TL Ventures, Jerusalem Global Ventures and Battery Ventures. Its most recent round was a $15 million [...]')('2006051', 'Yahoo and broadcaster Telemundo are expected to announce a deal to merge their Spanish language U.S. Web sites to court one of the fastest-growing media audiences, the Wall Street Journal reported. Go to Article from Reuters » Go to Article from The Wall Street Journal (Subscription Required) »')('2006051', 'Rolling Rock, the iconic Pennsylvania brewer, is close to being swallowed by giant Anheuser-Busch in a deal that would bring the beer back under U.S. control, The New York Post reported. Rolling Rock, the green-bottled beer now owned by Belgian beverage conglomerate InBev, has been on the block since early March when investment bank Houlihan [...]')('2006051', 'A shareholder vote on the proposed $1.1 billion takeover of military truck maker Stewart & Stevenson Services by Armor Holdings was delayed for a week on Tuesday. Houston-based Stewart & Stevenson said in a prepared statement that the vote was put off to allow shareholders, who were meeting in a special session, more time to [...]')('2006051', 'Arguably, the most popular phrase on Wall Street these days is: "Let\'s make a deal." The hottest bull market in recent months is not the usual buying and selling of shares of a company\'s stock; it is companies buying other companies. The mergers-and-acquisitions business is so hot, in fact, that companies are shaking hands on [...]')('2006051', 'Merck, the big drug manufacturer based here, is spending nearly $500 million to buy two smaller research companies, the company announced Tuesday. The acquisitions of GlycoFi, based in Lebanon, N.H., and Abmaxis, based in Santa Clara, Calif., are both expected to close by the end of June. Go to Article from The New York Times [...]')('2006051', "Kodak's business is looking increasingly risky, says Breakingviews. The photo group has put its health business on the block in what looks like a desperate attempt to pay down debt. Strip out acquisitions, and all of Kodak's units saw shrinking sales and margins in the past quarter - even supposed digital growth engines. Go to [...]")('2006051', 'A highly entertaining, multi-front flame war has broken out in liberal blogland, prompted by a Los Angeles Times column by Jonathan Chait, a senior editor at The New Republic, titled "Don\'t let the left defeat Lieberman." Chait explains that he was having difficulty deciding whom to hate more: Joe Lieberman, "a self-righteous suck-up who lends [...]')('2006051', 'Austria became the latest European country to try to build energy suppliers capable of competing across the Continent after markets open next year to full competition. OMV, Austria\'s state-controlled oil company whose main business is refining and exploring for oil, said late Monday that it would pay a "minor premium" for Verbund, the national utility [...]')('2006051', "Standard Life, one of Vodafone's largest shareholders, has voiced its support for the mobile operator's decision to reject Verizon Communications' $38 billion approach for its 45 percent stake in Verizon Wireless. The life insurer has previously led calls for Vodafone chief executive Arun Sarin to sell the stake -which has surged in value in the [...]")('2006051', 'Citigroup abandoned its attempt to sidestep ownership rules in China to salvage a $3 billion takeover of Guangdong Development Bank, according to news reports. China bars overseas companies from buying more than 19.9 percent of a bank. Citigroup wanted 40 percent of Guangdong Development as part of an investment group seeking an 85 percent stake. [...]')('2006051', "Mittal Steel may be finished with the friendly approach. Mittal, the world's largest steel company, said Tuesday that it planned to take its $27 billion bid for its rival Arcelor directly to shareholders as soon as next week, after an offer to sweeten the deal received no response from Arcelor's management. Mittal said Tuesday it [...]")('2006051', "Spirit Finance said Wednesday is buying most of ShopKo Stores' real estate from Sun Capital Partners for $815.3 million. The transaction, whose proceeds will be used to retire Shopko's $700 million in real estate debt, is expected to close in the second quarter, ShopKo said. Go to Article from Reuters » Go to Press Release [...]")('2006051', "Like many of his clients, Bertram Fields has become tabloid fodder: Magazines, TV and newspapers point out nearly every week that the Hollywood litigator is a key target in the ongoing probe of notorious private eye Anthony Pellicano. But it's been nearly four years since an Federal Bureau of Investigation raid of Pellicano's office found [...]")('2006051', "Warren Buffett ignited an M&A guessing game when he told Berkshire Hathaway shareholders that he is close to making a $15 billion acquisition. Now everyone is (including DealBook) is drawing up shortlists. While some of the suitable targets fit, like Heinz, Campbell's, Hershey and Harley, it is the stretch ideas - Ford and General Motors [...]")('2006051', 'Saudi Arabia said Tuesday that it hoped to build a Middle East financial district in the capital city, Riyadh, and to sell a majority stake in its stock exchange, the Tadawul, to investors. The changes follow a recent drop in the value of the companies traded on the Tadawul. Oil money helped to pump up [...]')('2006051', 'Microsoft is the world\'s dominant force in computing, but the software giant is also facing some significant threats to its reign. One of those is the Internet. The New York Times writes on Wednesday that Microsoft and Google, the powerhouse of Internet search tools, appear to be "on a collision course, as the realms of [...]')('2006051', "Letter from Theresa Amato, campaign manager for Ralph Nader, rebuts those who blame Nader for George W Bush's ascent to presidency")('2006051', 'Teenagers Kelvin Kelly and Hassan Ferguson are killed in drive-by shooting in Newark, NJ (S)')('2006051', 'Sen Judd Gregg letter on May 9 editorial defends Republican tax policies')('2006051', 'Group of parents and community advocates urge New York City Schools Chancellor Joel I Klein to add Muslim holidays of Id al-Fitr and Id al-Adha to school calendar (S)')('2006051', 'New York City Comptroller William C Thompson Jr releases audit of Buildings Department that finds lapses in its handling of money it collects from permit and licensing fees; department accepts recommendations (S)')('2006051', 'Fourteen-year-old girl dies in fall from window of her sixth-floor apartment in West New York, NJ; cause of fall is under investigation (S)')('2006051', 'Essex Street Market on Lower East Side of Manhattan has several new specialty cheese markets; photo (S)')('2006051', "Zino Vogiatzis letter on movie executives' reluctance to try releasing films in theaters and on DVD at same time")('2006051', 'Fruit purees in packets from Belgium called Easy 4 Busy (or E4B) are available for a variety of uses; photo (S)')('2006051', "Aliza Green's new book is Field Guide to Herbs and Spices; photo (S)")('2006051', 'Marlene Newesri letter says US should not call for democracy and then punish Palestinians for electing Hamas')('2006051', 'Fire destroys two Bronx houses, leaving 20 people homeless; cause has not been determined but is considered suspicious (S)')('2006051', 'Photo of Yachts in Volvo Ocean Race reaching New York Harbor,')('2006051', 'Correction; May 3 article about efforts by animal rights groups to ban production and sale of foie gras omitted name of contributing reporter Juliet Glass')('2006051', 'Christopher P Johnson letter supports Gen Michael Hayden as CIA chief')('2006051', 'Profile of Iacopo Falai, chef and owner of Falai on Lower East Side, who favors using smoking techniques to enhance flavors; recipe; photo (M)')('2006051', 'Arts, Briefly; Blaine')('2006051', 'Correction; April 12 article about Tavalon Tea Bar omitted name of supplier')('2006051', 'Gen Michael V Hayden visits Capitol Hill to talk with lawmakers about his nomination to head CIA; photo (S)')('2006051', 'Jose Julio Ventura, accused of twice impregnating daughter Lucila Ventura and ordering her to throw both babies down third-floor airshaft, killing one, rejects plea deal that would have given him 25-year prison sentence (S)')('2006051', "Rockstar Games announces that new installment of popular game series Grand Theft Auto is in development for Microsoft's Xbox 360 and Sony's Playstation 3; announcement is blow to Sony because previous versions of Grand Theft Auto have had their debuts exclusively on Playstation 2, which has helped sell Sony Machines; photo (S)")('2006051', 'Photo of New York City police officer and Orthodox Jewish family')('2006051', 'Arts, Briefly; Buy a Theater Ticket, Get a')('2006051', 'Group of Bronx rabbis protest that final panel in daylong assembly at Fieldston School on Israeli-Palestinian conflict is unbalanced because it does not include an Israeli; Rabbi Avi Weiss withdraws from participating on panel and organizes protest; photo (M)')('2006051', 'Joseph Baumgarten let4')('2006051', 'BJ Rosenfeld letter on releasing movies simultaneously in theaters and on DVD observes that viewing at home is more pleasurable')('2006051', 'Mark Bittman The Minimalist column features recipe for roast chicken with fennel (M)')('2006051', 'John Conrad letter opposes confirmation of Gen Michael Hayden as CIA director')('2006051', 'Shoshana Bulow letter says that Palestinians, who put Hamas in power and do not protest its espousal of terror, have no one to blame but themselves for cutoff of international aid')('2006051', 'Carolina Hurricanes and forward Eric Staal prepare to face New Jersey Devils in Game 3 of second-round playoff series (M)')('2006051', "Robert Solomon letter wonders that West can believe that depriving Palestinian civilians of life's necessities will reduce terrorism rather than spawning yet another generation of it")('2006051', 'Correction; March 29 recipe for hazelnut baklava omitted oven temperature at which it should be baked; corrected recipe noted')('2006051', 'New York City restaurant Country joins host of other eateries serving soft, fluffy Parkerhouse dinner rolls; recipe (M)')('2006051', "Henry Pelham Burn letter on Gen Michael Hayden's nomination says potential intelligence chief who tells Air Force audience that Osama bin Laden is 'some idiot in a cave' gives pause for thought")('2006051', 'Developer Jeff Bennett buys building and adjacent parcels in Harlem from Robert Troino Jr that he plans to convert to luxury condominium-hotel; Black & White Gallery leases ground-floor space at Chelsea Terminal Warehouse and will open art gallery; 32,000-square-foot complex in Westport, Conn, may be retrofitted for one or more tenants; photos (S)')('2006051', "Barry Marcus letter on Pres Bush's presumption of guilt in remark that Guantanamo detainees will get day in court unlike 'people that they killed'")('2006051', 'Nabil Dajani letter finds it mind-boggling that European Union and US could allow suffering in Gaza, with its serious potential for even greater catastrophe')('2006051', 'Ray Kestenbaum letter on aid that West should allow to get to Palestinians')('2006051', "Two things that I dislike intensely are group activities and tote bags. The 12th annual Attention Deficit Disorder Association conference abounds in both, so it's not surprising that, as it revs up on a Thursday morning in May, I am feeling a bit out of synch. The conference is a gathering of people who have [...]")('2006051', 'Thanks for all the great posts from readers - you\'ve given me a lot to chew on, and there are many questions and comments I plan to address in future posts. But for today, I want to look briefly at the "elitism" issue raised by several of you. As you will see it also ties [...]')('2006051', 'Hot, sunny, weather, hot press conference – for Fernando Alonso, at least. Of the 16 questions asked by journalists in the main Thursday press conference, Alonso received 10 directly, and another one as part of the group. (I.E., who did the drivers expect to win the World Cup, and who are their favorite players – [...]')('2006051', 'I\'m often asked how to choose wines for a crowd. "Do I look like Martha Stewart?\'\' I\'m tempted to respond. But I stifle the impulse because, after all, it\'s a good question and I would never lash out as a way of deflecting attention from an area I feel insecure about. Right? Right. The real [...]')('2006051', 'Conflicts between homeowners and wildlife will only continue as more residential developments encroach on the natural habitats of animals. There were two such conflicts over the last few days in two urban areas in, of all places, New Jersey. Last Saturday, environmental protection officials fatally shot a 225-pound bear near downtown Trenton, and yesterday Irvington [...]')('2006051', "A postal worker was arrested Thursday for allegedly participating in what prosecutors say was a broad scheme to profit from trading on a wide range of insider information. Jason Smith, 29, of Jersey City, N.J., becomes the latest addition to the insider-trading scandal's cast of characters, which includes a seamstress in Croatia and an exotic [...]")('2006051', "Sifting through Lucent Technologies' merger-related regulatory filings, we came across a revealing nugget. It is part of a backgrounder for Lucent's shareholders, who are slated to receive American depositary shares of Paris-based Alcatel as part of the two companies' $13.6 billion combination, which - despite evidence to the contrary - has been repeatedly promoted as [...]")('2006051', "Cory Booker's victory on Tuesday received wide coverage nationwide, with articles on the election appearing as far away as California. What was once a local story about a mayoral campaign in a poor, second-tier city is fast becoming a national tale of a Democratic star who faces a complicated challenge. Mr. Booker is used to [...]")('2006051', "The latest megadeal rumor making the rounds is that Vodafone may spend as much as $50 billion to buy French media and telecommunications conglomerate Vivendi. The rationale: United Kingdom-based Vodafone could keep Vivendi's controlling stake in mobile phone operator SFR and sell the rest on to someone else. Vivendi's shares have traded higher in recent [...]")('2006051', "The same shareholder that took aim at Goldman Sachs over its links to environmental causes has set its sights on J.P. Morgan Chase. Ahead of the banking giant's annual meeting on Tuesday, the Free Enterprise Action Fund is trying to round up shareholder support for a proposal that would force J.P. Morgan to lay out [...]")('2006051', "At various points during this year's campaign, we've relied on Walter Fields, the former head of the N.A.A.C.P. in New Jersey, for insight. As a political consultant who has worked for both Republican and Democratic candidates, we've come to expect an approach that tends to mirror Cory Booker's - an outlook less loyal to partisanship [...]")('2006051', 'Clearwire, a provider of long-distance wireless broadband service led by cellular pioneer Craig McCaw, on Thursday filed to raise as much as $400 million in an initial public offering. Since its 2003 founding, Clearwire has shown only losses. But wireless companies and Internet service providers are starting to line up behind the technology, and Intel [...]')('2006051', 'Health insurer UnitedHealth said Thursday that it is facing an "informal inquiry" from the Securities and Exchange Commision into how it granted stock options to its top executives. It also said it may have to restate how it accounted for those options over the past three years, reducing profits by as much as $286 million. [...]')('2006051', 'There\'s a blogburst of chattering over USA Today\'s front-page story about the National Security Agency\'s database of the domestic phone records of "tens of millions of Americans." If the N.S.A. warrantless wiretapping program is a "terrorist surveillance" program, what will this program be redubbed, wonders Laura Rozen, a senior correspondent for The American Prospect, at [...]')('2006051', 'As we proceed deeper into the era of Windows programs running at full speed on the Mac, the discussion continues to swirl around how you\'re supposed to "right-click" on a Mac.')('2006051', "Even with record bonuses from their firms this year - or, more accurately, because of them - times are tough for Wall Street's worker bees. It seems that the Hamptons have almost no high-end summer rental homes left. The Hamptons, on New York's Long Island, are the summer destination of choice for many financial professionals. [...]")('2006051', 'Readers respond to Bob Herbert\'s May 11 column, "Where\'s the Beef?" Robert A. Patria, Titusville, Fla.: Your column is one of the most insightful, and, I believe, accurate, discussions about what\'s wrong with the Democrats that I have read. Not only was Kerry a bad candidate, but so was Gore. Finally, American voters have realized [...]')('2006051', 'Readers respond to David Brooks\'s May 11 column, "Don\'t Worry, Be Happy" Fred Britt, Portland, Ore.: Interesting article. I am 70 years old and have never been so negative about our political system. All of our representatives seem to be blind captives of their party partisanship and their corporate contributors, with the result that Congress [...]')('2006051', 'Three giants from the private equity and hedge fund industries will give a combined $45 million to Columbia Business School, their alma mater. The biggest donation– $25 million - is coming from Arthur Samberg, chairman and chief executive of hedge fund Pequot Capital Management, Columbia said Thursday in a press release. Buyout legend Henry Kravis [...]')('2006051', "U.S. Bancorp is a ripe takeover target, says one analyst. U.S. Bancorp might buy itself a bank, says another. Either way, the company - which has a market capitalization of more than $56 billion - seems to be on a few analysts' short-lists after Wachovia agreed to buy California's Golden West Financial in a $25 [...]")('2006051', 'If the Iranian nuclear crisis is the Cuban missile crisis in slow-motion, then wouldn\'t it be a good idea for President Bush to imitate President Kennedy? Ivo Daalder, a senior fellow at the Brookings Institution who served on President Clinton\'s national security staff, writes at TPMCafe that Bush should deal with the "curious letter from [...]')('2006051', 'Smurfit-Stone Container said Thursday it agreed to sell its consumer packaging segment to private equity group Texas Pacific Group for about $1.04 billion in cash. Smurfit-Stone, which is in the middle of a turnaround plan, said it plans to use most of the proceeds from the sale to reduce debt. J.P. Morgan Chase and law [...]')('2006051', 'Cory Booker (Norman Y. Lono/For the New York Times) Cory Booker took a victory lap through Newark yesterday and delivered morsels of news about how he intends to govern. He said he would focus first on crime. He said his management style was inclusive but demanding. He said he would not name his transition team [...]')('2006051', 'In its latest move to defend itself against a hostile takeover, Arcelor, the world\'s second-largest steel maker, has decided to take legal action in the United States against its unsolicited bidder Mittal Steel, alleging patent infringement. "We have decided yesterday afternoon to take Mittal to court over patent infringement," Arcelor spokesman Jean Lasar said on [...]')('2006051', "Gilbert White's Selborne Journal: Tuesday, 11 May 1784: 29 4/10, 6/10 1/2; 64; SW, NW; 23. Showers, showers, sun, bright gleam, cool. Sowed sweet Alyssum in basons on the borders. Fine showers. Wheat improves very much: the women weed it. The leaves of some of the wall-trees begin to blotch already. Peaches & nectarines set. [...]")('2006051', 'Merrill Lynch, preparing for its biggest expansion since the 1990\'s, plans to buy a mortgage lender, triple its corporate investments and increase trading bets to boost shareholder returns that trail those of rivals. New York-based Merrill\'s top managers spent the past six months determining how to spend "excess capital," Chief Administrative Officer Ahmass Fakahany said [...]')('2006051', "Legg Mason said fiscal fourth-quarter earnings rose less than analysts estimated as expenses almost tripled after the purchase of Citigroup's money-management unit. Net income in the quarter that ended March 31 increased 28 percent to $150.1 million, or $1.03 a share, below analysts' estimates of as much as $1.25. Legg Mason said expenses almost tripled, [...]")('2006051', "Just when the epic Aztar saga seemed all but done, Columbia Sussex raised its bid for Las Vegas Tropicana casino operator Wednesday to $53 per share in cash. The bid exceeds the $51 a share cash-and-stock offer from Pinnacle Entertainment that Aztar had agreed to last week. Columbia Sussex's bid now values Aztar at $1.9 [...]")('2006051', "Shares in Kohlberg Kravis Roberts's listed fund have fallen to $24.50 from $25 per unit since it listed May 4. But the drop is deceptive, according to Breakingviews. If you deduct the huge fees, the shares have gone to a premium. That said, KKR probably won't mind the issue looking tame. Having raised stacks of [...]")('2006051', 'Securities and Exchange Commission Chairman Christopher Cox said Wednesday that the controversial Sarbanes-Oxley law requiring strict corporate disclosure is a good idea, but has not always worked effectively in practice. Top securities and accounting regulators said at a conference Wednesday they are open to suggestions about how to change the controversial corporate governance law that [...]')('2006051', "Samsung Electronics, Hynix Semiconductor and Infineon Technologies have agreed to pay $160 million to resolve claims that they conspired to drive up the price of computer memory chips. Samsung, the world's largest maker of computer memory chips, agreed to pay $67 million; Hynix, the No. 2 chip maker, $73 million; and No. 4 Infineon, $20 [...]")('2006051', "Judge J. Michael Luttig, a leading conservative theorist on the federal bench who had been a regular on President Bush's short list for the Supreme Court, said Wednesday that he was resigning. Judge Luttig, whose resignation is effective immediately, said he would be senior vice president and general counsel of the Boeing Company, based in [...]")('2006051', 'A federal judge Wednesday questioned the constitutionality of a government policy that defense lawyers say pressures companies like accounting firm KPMG to stop paying legal fees for those who do not cooperate with prosecutors. U.S. District Judge Lewis A. Kaplan said he might consider forcing the accounting company to pay legal fees for those accused [...]')('2006051', "Lucent Technologies said Wednesday it faces a putative class-action lawsuit in New Jersey tied to its planned acquisition by Alcatel. Lucent said in its quarterly report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission that the suit claims the proposed merger is the product of breaches of duty by Lucent's board members because they allegedly failed [...]")('2006051', 'Hartford Financial Services Group, the biggest U.S. seller of variable annuities, will pay $20 million to settle allegations the company paid kickbacks to brokers who pushed its products on pension plan managers. Go to Article from Bloomberg News » Go to Article from The New York Times » Go to Article from Reuters via CNN [...]')('2006051', 'ABN Amro Capital, the private equity arm of ABN Amro Bank, announced an agreement Wednesday to acquire a majority holding in Paris-based telecom and information system networks business NextiraOne Europe Holdings from Los Angeles buyout shop Platinum Equity for an undisclosed price. Go to Article from The Daily Deal »')('2006051', "Hedge fund Barington Companies Equity Partners has taken a cut of Lone Star Steakhouse & Saloon in a step toward beefing up the restaurant chain's value. Barington disclosed in a regulatory filing on Monday that it represents a group of shareholders owning 1.6 million shares, or 7.5 percent, of Lone Star stock, with the stake [...]")('2006051', 'Mark Barrenechea, the executive vice president and chief technology officer of CA, on Wednesday said he will leave to join private-equity firm Garnett & Helfrich Capital as a director. Menlo Park, Calif.-based Garnett & Helfrich raised an initial fund of $350 million, which it used to purchase and spin out existing businesses from larger corporations. [...]')('2006051', "The Ritz-Carlton Laguna Niguel, the posh seaside resort that launched the luxury building boom along Orange County's coastline 20 years ago, is being sold in one of California's priciest hotel acquisitions. Strategic Hotels & Resorts, a Chicago real estate investment trust, said Wednesday that it was buying the 393-room hotel for $330 million. Go to [...]")('2006051', 'The soap opera over the buyout of Dutch media giant VNU, owner of Nielsen TV ratings and Billboard magazine, appears close to being over after a Merrill Lynch analyst called for shareholders to support the sweetened $9.6 billion takeover bid from a group of private-equity giants. Merrill analyst Toby Reeks said that while the 29.50 [...]')('2006051', "Boston Properties, the real estate investment trust controlled by Daily News Publisher Mort Zuckerman, has agreed to buy out its partners in Citigroup Center in a deal that values the tower at $1.115 billion, The New York Post reported. Zuckerman's REIT will shell out about $700 a square foot, or nearly $400 million, for the [...]")('2006051', "Knowlent, an analog testbench software and I.P. company, this week closed its second round of funding with an undisclosed amount, bringing total capital to $3.6 million. Knowlent, which is based in Santa Clara, said it will use the money to accelerate its product development and tap into China's talent pool for its research and development [...]")('2006051', 'It looking like a good time to be into Tunable Lasers, as components firm Covega is wrapping up a $10 million round of funding amid talk that the market is surging. Like laser vendor Apogee Photonics, Covega was created from the merger of two small players: Codeon and Quantum Photonics, back in 2003. The latest [...]')('2006051', 'New York buyout firm Blackstone Group will soon rack up another round of profits on its investment Celanese. On Wednesday, the Dallas-based chemicals company announced another secondary share sale by Blackstone and BA Capital Investors Sidecar Fund, an affiliate of Bank of America, which will sell 35 million shares of Series A common stock for [...]')('2006051', 'News Corporation is considering an initial public offering of Sky Italia, the group\'s Italian satellite television business, for early next year, Rupert Murdoch, chairman and chief executive officer of the media conglomerate, said on Wednesday. Although Mr. Murdoch said he was still "a long way from making a decision", he said that the Sky Italia [...]')('2006051', "The syndicated loans market is on watch as the largest leveraged buyout facility out of India gains momentum. U.S. private equity giant Kohlberg Kravis Roberts's $900 million acquisition of Flextronics Software Systems has provided banks a rare chance to get in on a $360 million seven year financing that may prove to be a benchmark [...]")('2006051', 'When Bank of China kicks off the roadshow for its highly anticipated initial public offering Thursday, it will write another chapter in a turnaround story which has included massive bad loan write-offs, a $22.5 billion cash injection from the government and battles against management corruption at the highest level. The result is a slimmer and [...]')('2006051', 'Infineon, the German semiconductor group, wants to sell shares in its memory-chip unit on the New York Stock Exchange, marking the biggest offer by a European company in years. The debut could net 1 billion euros ($1.3 billion) by late September, The Financial Times said, making it five times larger than a Swedish listing - [...]')('2006051', 'Reverse mergers are gaining in popularity for companies hoping to tap the equities markets, according to a specialist newsletter. The use of special-purpose acquisition companies, or SPACs, also is popular, it said. In the first quarter, there were 46 reverse mergers, compared with 43 in first-quarter 2005, according to data from The Reverse Merger Report. [...]')('2006051', 'The day after the Securities and Exchange Commission hit Internet retailer Overstock.com with a subpoena, the company said a highly touted sale of its stock had fallen apart. Overstock, which had trumpeted two surprise stock placements of 1.7 million shares over the past week, disclosed in its 10-Q filing that the buyer of 700,000 shares [...]')('2006051', "Credit Suisse Group, the world's third-biggest money manager, is adding more than 900 people in Singapore to support asset management and investment banking, according to press reports. The expansion in Singapore, where the bank employs about 2,200 people, follows a similar decision last month by New York-based Merrill Lynch. Some of the jobs will be [...]")('2006051', 'Verizon Communications is evaluating a sale of about 5 million local phone lines in northern New England and the Midwest, part of a strategy to focus the telecom giant on higher-growth markets such as wireless and broadband. Go to Article from BusinessWeek » Go to Article from the San Jose Mercury News »')('2006051', 'The Interpublic Group of Companies will decide in the next few weeks whether to combine two of its largest agencies, the direct-marketing specialist Draft and the general agency Foote Cone & Belding. Go to Article from The New York Times »')('2006051', 'Time Warner Cable said Wednesday that it, three other cable companies and Sprint Nextel may bid in next month\'s auction of wireless spectrum by the Federal Communications Commission. According to MarketWatch, the move could add another dimension to Time Warner\'s "triple play" of services. (That is shop talk for video, telephone and Internet services.) But [...]')('2006051', "Sun Microsystems' massive Newark campus will go on sale in June, forcing about 2,300 workers to relocate to offices in Santa Clara and Menlo Park. The Santa Clara company expects to close the 1.4 million-square-foot complex, one of its three major campuses in the Bay Area, in six to 12 months. Judging by recent real [...]")('2006051', 'In another step towards rationalizing its Asian businesses, National Australia Bank has sold its insurance assets in Hong Kong and Indonesia to AXA Asia-Pacific. The A$575 million sale of MLC Hong Kong and MLC Indonesia cleared regulatory hurdles on Wednesday, bringing to a close a deal that was signed in February. Go to Article from [...]')('2006051', 'Wachovia\'s purchase of Golden West Financial this week places more pressure on Wells Fargo to take its stagecoach east through a big bank merger, according to analyst Dick Bove with Punk, Ziegel. "Wells Fargo can no longer sit still," Mr. Bove wrote in a May 9 research report in which he declares, "Pick up your [...]')('2006051', "In buying up a large stake in the London Stock Exchange, Nasdaq head Robert Greifeld has won the fight against the New York Stock Exchange, but the Nasdaq may not have, writes MarketWatch's David Weidner The obvious benefit of Nasdaq's buy is that it has built a major roadblock against any bid the Big Board [...]")('2006051', 'The building products maker Owens Corning will pay more than $5 billion to asbestos claimants and as much as $2.27 billion to holders of bank debt as part of a plan to exit federal bankruptcy protection, a company lawyer told a bankruptcy court Wednesday. Go to Article from The New York Times » Go to [...]')('2006051', "Home Depot's announcement late Tuesday that it plans to acquire a Utah industrial loan company is sure to invigorate efforts on Capitol Hill to eliminate this controversial category of lending institution. Depending on state law, industrial loan companies, or I.L.C.'s, can offer nearly all the services traditional banks can, but their owners face much less [...]")('2006051', 'The judge in the Enron trial dealt a serious blow on Wednesday to the two former chief executives accused of defrauding investors by agreeing to allow jurors to find both men guilty for consciously avoiding knowing about wrongdoing at the company. Judge Simeon T. Lake III said in court that a draft version of the [...]')('2006051', "In hopes of putting a long and troubling episode behind it, Morgan Stanley has agreed to pay a $15 million civil fine to settle federal regulators' charges that it repeatedly failed to provide tens of thousands of e-mails. This failure to produce the requested documents delayed some of the Securities and Exchange Commission's major investigations [...]")('2006051', 'In this lesson, students learn about the "World of Warcraft," a successful online video game with over six million paying subscribers worldwide. They then develop storylines, settings, characters, and technical features to create their own fantasy video games that would appeal to the public.')('2006051', "Laurie Dobson letter, prompted by May 9 article on Democratic Party's need to define itself, says Democrats are tired of centrist politics and want to return to policies concerning common good")('2006051', 'Porter J Gross returns to House of Representatives to receive achievement award after he was abruptly forced out as director of Central Intelligence Agency; ceremony gives former House colleagues opportunity to praise his record and express bipartisan opinion that Goss was treated shabbily after he delayed his retirement to move from Congress to CIA; photo (M)')('2006051', 'New midtown Manhattan restaurant called Quality Meats is designed by AvroKo to evole 19th-century butcher shops; photos (Currents column) (S)')('2006051', "Federal Judge J Michael Luttig, leading conservative theorist on Pres Bush's short list for Supreme Court, resigns to become senior vice president and general counsel of Boeing; Luttig was aide and law clerk to former Chief Justice Warren E Burger and maintains close personal ties to some justices (M)")('2006051', 'Euro RSCG 4D digital unit of Euro RSCG Worldwide files lawsuit against former chief executive Charles Tarzian; accuses him of misappropriating confidential information about clients and employees in order to develop competing agency (M)')('2006051', "Hila Colman letter, prompted by May 9 article on Democratic Party's need for self-definition, says party needs leader who is not afraid to be called liberal")('2006051', 'Howard Stern announces that he will not return to terrestrial radio five months into his five-year, $500 million contract with Sirius Satellite Radio; photo (S)')('2006051', "Vladimir Kagan, whose 1952 Serpentine sofa recently sold at Christie's for more than $190,000, designs new version, called Hahn; photo (Currents column) (S)")('2006051', "New album by rock band Tool tops Billboard charts, selling 564,000 copies; Pearl Jam's self-titled new record is No 2 (S)")('2006051', 'Fox wins ratings for Tuesday night with reality show American Idol, which draws 28.13 million viewers; season finale of Gilmore Girls, which will be moving to new CW network in September, draws 4.93 million viewers; photo (S)')('2006051', "Alan Stevens letter, prompted by May 9 article on Democratic Party's need to define itself, says party should consider restoration of national integrity as guiding principle")('2006051', "Robert P Forbes letter, prompted by May 9 article on Democratic Party's search for unifying vision, urges party to take instruction from Constitution")('2006051', "James Ponsoldt letter says letter from Pres Mahmoud Ahmadinejad of Iran to Pres Bush provides insight into Bush's troubled reputation and shows need for direct dialogue between US political leaders and leaders in Iran and other countries (May 10 article)")('2006051', 'Cyril D Robinson letter, prompted by May 9 article on Democratic analysts call for party to define clear alternative to conservatism, says no one knows what Democratic Party stands for anymore')('2006051', 'George Vecsey Sports of The Times column discusses New York Yankees pitcher Mike Mussina, who became first pitcher in American League to win six games this season; photos (M)1')('2006051', "Joanne Rosen letter, prompted by May 9 article on Democratic Party's need for defining vision, says if Democrats want to separate themselves from Republicans they need to stop rubber-stamping failed policies")('2006051', "Ron Cohen letter, prompted by May 9 article on Democratic Party's need to define itself, says party's Achilles' heel is foreign policy")('2006051', 'Lyn Corno letter, prompted by David Brooks May 7 Op-Ed calling for educators to promote good academic work habits among students, says what should be stressed is power that good work habits confer on students')('2006051', 'Dave Anderson Sports of The Times column discusses New Jersey Devils, which are down 3-0 in Eastern Conference semifinal series against Carolina Hurricanes; photo (M)')('2006051', 'Carolina Hurricanes defeat New Jersey Devils, 3-2, to lead Eastern Conference semifinals, 3-0; photo (M)0')('2006051', 'Photo of Carolina Hurricanes win over New Jersey Devils, to lead Eastern Conference semifinals, 3-0m')('2006051', "Paul Hirsch letter, prompted by May 9 article on Democratic Party's need for self-definition, says Democrats should emphasize their belief in justice; drawing")('2006051', 'New York Yankees owner George Steinbrenner says he did not mean to criticize third baseman Alex Rodriguez; photo (S)0')('2006051', "San Francisco Giants outfielder Barry Bonds has 713 home runs and is still pursuing Babe Ruth's record; photo (M)1")('2006051', "Photo of fireboat John J Harvey leading Freedom of the Seas, world's biggest cruise ship, into New York Harbor")('2006051', 'James Adler letter says it is appalling that Sec of State Condoleezza Rice would abruptly dismiss letter from Pres Mahmoud Ahmadinejad of Iran to Pres Bush after 27 years of no relations (May 9 article)')('2006051', "DJ Envy, whose real name is Raashaun Casey, of radio station Hot 97 (WQHT-FM) contacts police after rival DJ Star of Power 105 (WWPR-FM) threatens to attack his children in midst of on-air feud; Councilman John C Liu of Queens, joined by nine colleagues, calls for Federal Communications Commission and Manhattan district attorney to investigate; Rob Williams, general manager of Power 105 calls comments 'wholly unacceptable' and says that station has pulled DJ Star, whose real name is Troi Torain, from air pending investigation (S)")('2006051', 'Photo of mourners at Queens, NY, funeral for Sgt Jose Gomez, who was killed by roadside bomb in Iraq')('2006051', 'Brian Steblen letter offers suggestions for redefining Democratic Party (May 9 article)')('2006051', 'William C Rhoden Sports of The Times column discusses New Jersey Nets and player Vince Carter, who will face Miami Heat in Game 3 of Eastern Conference semifinals (M)1')('2006051', "Lawrence Halperin letter, prompted by May 10 article on letter that Pres Mahmoud Ahmadinejad of Iran wrote to Pres Bush, says democracy will survive despite Ahmadinejad's prediction of its failure")('2006051', 'Photos of new containers for packing bicycles')('2006051', "Henrybuilt showroom in New York's SoHo features custom kitchen cabinets; photos (Currents column) (S)")('2006051', 'Decorative arts gallery in new Anthropologie store in Manhattan noted; photo (Currents column) (S)')('2006051', 'Photo of Cheryl Hearnsberger at her Westminster, Tex, home, which was destroyed by tornado')('2006051', 'Letter from Sen Joseph R Biden Jr and Leslie H Gelb, president emeritus of Council on Foreign Relations, says Anthony Cordesman (May 9 Op-Ed) misunderstands their plan for dividing Iraq; cites reasons for partitioning country')('2006051', 'National Building Museum in Washington exhibits environmentally sound designs in housing; photos (Currents column) (S)')('2006051', "Interpublic Group of Cos is expected to make decision on whether to combine Draft and Foote Cone & Belding, its two largest agencies; Interpublic reports net loss of $170.2 million in first quarter, compared with loss of $146.4 million in period year earlier; revenue was $1.33 billion; Garry Lace resigns as chairman of London office of Interpublic's Lowe Worldwide unit; Interpublic chairman and chief executive Michael I Roth comments (M)")('2006051', "Personal Shopper column on white quilts and colorful pillows for summer, inspired by Museum of American Folk Art's exhibit of whitework; photos (S)")('2006051', "Photos of Brooklyn's first Fashion Weekend at Tobacco Warehouse in Dumbo section, featuring clothes by 19 primarily local designers")('2006051', "Scott Beall letter applauds David Brooks May 7 Op-Ed calling for educators to emphasize 'moral and psychological traits that are at heart of actual success'")('2006051', "Brooklyn parks commissioner Julius Spiegel orders closure of graduate-student art exhibit, declaring that subject matter was not suitable for families and violated agreement between Department of Parks and Recreation and Brooklyn College for use of space; students and their lawyer Norman Siegel plan to file federal lawsuit claiming that students' free speech rights have been violated; photo (S)")('2006051', 'Let\'s take another look at "the elitism question" - the idea, trumpeted by the industrial food companies and their defenders - that because organic and other alternative foods cost more, they\'re an upper middle class luxury or, worse, affectation. It is true that organic food historically has cost significantly more than conventional food, but now [...]')('2006051', "The highfalutin' sign outside our basement office on Mulberry Street where Newark06 was hatched, maintained and cherished (Damien Cave/The New York Times) Newark06 started with the lofty goal of trying to understand and explain the carnival funhouse of Newark politics. We expected ugliness and debate. We expected a campaign that would resonate nationally with issues [...]")('2006051', "Dealbook spent some time playing - ahem, conducting research - on Google's new Web tool, Google Trends. The service reports how often a given term has been searched on Google, as well as where in the world the searches originated. We tried a few common financial terms on Friday afternoon and were left scratching our [...]")('2006051', "Friday's guilty pleas by two former trading specialists may be the first of many in the government's wide-ranging investigation of front-running on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange. Two former employees of Van der Moolen Specialists admitted to trading ahead of their customers, thus getting better prices for themselves and their firms. They [...]")('2006051', "It has been a big week for John Malone's Liberty Media. The media holding company split its stock in two, replacing it with two tracking stocks and moving them from the New York Stock Exchange to the Nasdaq. And on Friday, Time Warner announced that it bought Liberty's 50 percent stake in their joint venture [...]")('2006051', 'What on earth is blaufränkisch? Now, I admit this question may not be foremost on your mind, but the pleasure of the answer makes the question worth asking. Blaufränkisch is a red grape planted primarily in Austria and Germany, which is interesting only because of the excellent wine it can make. But to discover the [...]')('2006051', "Microsoft is getting all kinds of advice these days on what it should do with its giant piles of cash. Bloomberg News reports that many investors think the company should use all or part of its $34.8 billion to buy back some of its own shares. Some argue that the world's largest software maker should [...]")('2006051', 'Ferrari Formula One driver Michael Schumacher. (AP/Bernat Armangue). A question came in Wednesday in response to my virtual paddock post, with someone wanting me to ask Michael Schumacher what his usual feelings are right before a race and whether it is difficult to get over the nerves, or whether he experiences them at all. So [...]')('2006051', 'Literature has long shaped desire, including the lust for travel. Curl up in a chair, in St. Paul or Encinitas or New Rochelle, open a volume of Robert Louis Stevenson, Gabriel García Márquez or Isak Dinesen and discover new worlds, full of treasure seekers, smoky Paris cafes and vast sand-swept spaces dotted with scrubby brush [...]')('2006051', 'In my quest to bring you some of the most amusing tales of tech-support hell, I offer excerpts from a letter to the chief executive of Hewlett Packard.')('2006051', 'At least one insider is not happy with the NYSE Group\'s recent secondary offering, which allowed seat holders of the New York Stock Exchange and others to unload more than $1.5 billion in NYSE stock. Quoting from a "disgruntled letter" written to NYSE management by Thomas Caldwell of Caldwell Asset Management, TheStreet.com reports that Mr. [...]')('2006051', 'Readers respond to Thomas Friedman\'s May 12 column, "Shoe Leather and Tears" J.T. Murphy, Tokyo: Outstanding tribute to your mentors. The personal details were fascinating and enlightening. They have done well by you. Denise Kusel, Santa Fe, N.M.: A beautifully executed piece. Thank you, from an old journalist who still has a sense of history. [...]')('2006051', "With ABC News trumpeting an overnight poll showing that Americans, by almost a 2-to-1 margin, don't mind having their phone records turned over to the federal government, it appears that public opinion and the opinionland consensus may diverge on the latest development in the National Security Agency domestic-spying scandal. The second-day story for many observers [...]")('2006051', 'Bruce Sherman of Private Capital Management suggested the sale of Knight Ridder about a year before the newspaper company was finally sold McClatchy. That is of several revelations in a proxy statement McClatchy filed on Thursday. Editor & Publisher examined the statement, which also reveals that 34 potential buyers circled around Knight Ridder, but that [...]')('2006051', 'As techies debate just exactly what Web 2.0 is supposed to mean - or whether it means anything at all beyond marketing hype - its significance is quite clear to financial types. As The Economist describes, Web 2.0 can be seen in the renewed flow of venture capital dollars to entrepreneurs, in the flow of [...]')('2006051', 'David Corn does some "very rough" per-capita math to explain why the news media spends more time reporting on violence in Baghdad than on public works projects: "Imagine if a 1000 [sic] people a month were being killed in New York City. What would you say about someone who said, \'But look at the water [...]')('2006051', 'Julian Bond at NAACP convention in 2005 (Darren Hauck/AP) As a student at Morehouse College in 1960, Julian Bond led sit-ins and founded the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee (SNCC), the leading anti-segregation group of its time. He worked closely with Martin Luther King Jr., went on to spend two decades in the Georgia legislature as [...]')('2006051', "Gilbert White's Selborne Journal: Wednesday, 12 May 1784: 29 9/10; 54; NW, W. Sun, & brisk wind, small showers, sun, cold air. The hanger seems to be quite in leaf. Sowed an other row of large white kidney-beans. There seem to be two, if not three nightingales singing in my outlet. *** 7:30 am. 52 [...]")('2006051', 'Being a commodity trader is the hottest job in town. After years in the doghouse, these experts in the arcane arts of contango and backwardation are suddenly worth millions. As a Financial Times article flagged by Wall Street Folly points out, Citigroup plans to double its commodities team, and other firms like J.P. Morgan Chase, [...]')('2006051', 'Venture capitalists have traditionally ignored the videogame business - until now. With the Electronic Entertainment Expo, or E3, getting under way in Los Angeles this week, videogame developers and enthusiasts won\'t be the only ones attending. Venture capitalists also will be rubbing shoulders among them. Developers, especially those of so-called "casual games" that attract a [...]')('2006051', 'Financial workers in the City of London are "holding most of the aces" in the recruitment market as banks desperately search to fill vacancies created by the surge in corporate activity, a new report claims. Recruitment firm Morgan McKinley said pay packages are becoming more attractive and staff are moving jobs more frequently to meet [...]')('2006051', "The Ontario Securities Commission has accused a former senior employee of Imax of illegal insider trading, alleging he bought Imax shares using a brokerage account in his mother's name. The OSC said Khaldoun Kader, former director of finance and treasury at Imax, bought 110,000 shares in October, 2004, just before the company released better-than-expected third-quarter [...]")('2006051', "The departure of Nancy Heinen, Apple Computer's general counsel, seems to be the latest top secret at a company that really likes its secrets. Almost a week after news site AppleInsider first revealed the company's nine-year GC had left the company, it remains unclear whether one of Silicon Valley's highest-ranking female attorneys was forced to [...]")('2006051', 'Size matters in hedge funds. But bigger is not always better. New fund managers tend to knock the cover off the ball during their first two years, accounting for much of the outperformance that has made hedge funds famous, a new study has found. From Jan. 1, 2004, through Dec. 31, 2005, 167 "emerging managers" [...]')('2006051', "Shareholders of Google, the world's most popular Web search provider, on Thursday rejected a dissident investor proposal to end a two-tier ownership structure that vests power in its founders. A majority of the shareholders participating in the company's annual shareholder meeting voted against a proposal by a union pension fund that would have diluted control [...]")('2006051', "Willis Stein & Partners is selling book, DVD and music distributor Baker & Taylor to fellow buyout shop Castle Harlan, for $455 million, an enterprise value of about 80 percent more than what it bought the company for three years ago. Castle Harlan will be the company's third private equity owner since 2003, the year [...]")('2006051', "A South Korean court on Friday rejected a request to issue an arrest warrant for Paul Yoo, the head of Lone Star in Korea, throwing into doubt an attempt by the country's prosecutors to step up investigations into the private equity group's activities. Lone Star's local offices were raided in March on suspicion of alleged [...]")('2006051', 'CVRx raised $30.1 million in its recently completed third round of private equity financing, the company said Thursday. The Maple Grove, Minn.-based medical device maker said it will use the funds to continue clinical trials for the Rheos Baroreflex Hypertension Therapy System, an implantable device used to treat high blood pressure. The company will also [...]')('2006051', 'Resisting pressure from business, French lawmakers have moved the country a step closer to a copyright law that would have wide-ranging effects on those selling or listening to digital music. The Senate passed the bill on Wednesday after amending it to address concerns from companies like Apple that had called it "state-sponsored piracy." While lawmakers [...]')('2006051', 'Trilogy Equity Partners, a low-profile investment firm with high-profile founders, has shed a bit of light on itself while announcing another deal previously done under wraps. Bellevue, Wash.-based Trilogy announced that it was an undisclosed participant in a $6 million Series C raised last November by mobile network backhaul company Telecom Transport Management, or TTM. [...]')('2006051', 'The Carlyle Group is expected to expand its global reach within the next several months, said co-founder David Rubenstein during a speech at the 8th Annual Global Private Equity Conference in Washington. Without divulging specific details, Rubenstein indicated that the firm would be setting up offices or launching funds devoted to investments in African, Middle [...]')('2006051', 'Bill Coleman, the founder and first chief executive officer of publicly traded software company BEA Systems, believes that the future of computing will be delivered on-demand. His new company, Cassatt, has just raised $15 million in an inside round of funding to further develop software that can manage the hardware and software necessary to make [...]')('2006051', "India's Reliance Petroleum kicked off its initial public offering with some flair, at one point fetching a 70 percent premium on its opening price of 60 rupees ($1.36) a share. The stock reached a high of 101 rupees before settling back to 85 rupees. More than 375 million shares changed hands during the course of [...]")('2006051', 'With stock markets up, financial sponsors are taking the opportunity to lock in gains. Thursday brought news that Cypress Group and Oak Hill Capital Partners affiliate Keystone Group stand to recoup their original money in Williams Scotsman International, which makes modular buildings, after about nine years. Williams Scotsman, a Baltimore-based modular building provider, said late [...]')('2006051', "A Massachusetts stockbroker filed a lawsuit yesterday in U.S. District Court alleging that Citigroup Smith Barney failed to pay him overtime in violation of state and federal wage laws. Joseph P. Blood, 45, of Milton, Mass., said he routinely worked 70 to 80 hours per week from 1997, when he was hired by the company's [...]")('2006051', 'Deutsche Bank said on Thursday that it hired four technology investment bankers from rival Lehman Brothers Holdings as the German financial-services giant continues to expand its presence in and around Silicon Valley. Chris Colpitts and Mark Keene will be managing directors, while Jon Krahulik will become a director and Joaquin Rodriguez Torres a vice president. [...]')('2006051', "Citigroup as Ozzy Osborne? Bloomberg News' Mark Gilbert conjures up some offbeat pairings in his latest column, which talks about which rock bands evoke the personalities of the world's top investment banks. For example, Mr. Gilbert likens Deutsche Bank to Fleetwood Mac: Immensely profitable? Check. Years of infighting and not communicating with one another? Check. [...]")('2006051', "Few business executives are as determined to forge a single European market as Alessandro Profumo, the ambitious Italian banker who last year took over Germany's second-largest bank, HVB. Yet as he reflects on the cross-border foray of his bank, UniCredit Group, Mr. Profumo admits to being tripped up by age-old cultural differences. The cultural divide [...]")('2006051', 'A CBS lawyer told a judge an agreement is near to settle a lawsuit against its popular former radio host Howard Stern over his move to Sirius Satellite Radio, a CBS official said Thursday. CBS Radio sued Stern, his company One Twelve, his agent, Don Buchwald, and Sirius in February, seeking unspecified compensatory and punitive [...]')('2006051', "The Universal Music Group, the world's biggest music company, has agreed to pay $12 million to settle accusations that executives paid radio programmers to play songs, according to a settlement announced yesterday. It is the largest settlement yet in an investigation by the New York attorney general that has shaken the music business. The office [...]")('2006051', 'The white knight who came to the aid of embattled Internet firm Overstock.com last week was Toronto-based Fairfax Financial Holdings, which disclosed in an SEC filing that it bought 1 million shares from the teetering dot-com. Last week, after vehement affirmations that its cash position was "fine," Overstock issued 1 million shares in an unannounced [...]')('2006051', "Petro-Canada is making a hostile $113 million bid for a tiny company called Canada Southern Petroleum, which barely has any current oil and gas production - but does have land in the Canadian Arctic. Petrocan had been in talks with Canada Southern for more than a month but the two sides couldn't agree on a [...]")('2006051', "New York City's richest man – Carl Icahn – lost $66 million in a wrong-way bet on a plasterboard company while rival Warren Buffett, the nation's richest investor, held pat on his gamble in the firm to score a $711 million windfall. Mr. Icahn had gambled that shares of USG, the largest U.S. plasterboard maker, [...]")('2006051', "Consumer electronics retailer Best Buy said on Friday it would acquire a majority stake in a Chinese appliance retailer for $180 million. Best Buy said the purchase of Jiangsu Five Star Appliance, China's fourth-largest appliance and consumer electronics retailer, would give it a foothold in the country through the Chinese firm's 136 outlets. Go to [...]")('2006051', "SeaMobile, a Seattle company that provides cellular and wireless service on cruise and cargo ships, acquired a Florida-based competitor, Maritime Telecommunications Network. The $168 million all-cash deal, announced today, will boost SeaMobile's position in the growing market to keep travelers and industry connected using the same devices they carry on shore. Go to Article from [...]")('2006051', 'Video rental chain Movie Gallery on Thursday said it would be receptive to some type of deal with Blockbuster. "Everybody has speculated; it certainly makes a lot of sense if you were to put the two companies together," said Thomas Johnson, senior vice president of finance and development, when an analyst asked during an earnings [...]')('2006051', "Grupo Televisa plans to join with Venezuelan billionaire Gustavo Cisneros and four buyout firms to bid for Univision Communications, the largest U.S. Spanish-language television network, according to news reports. Mexico's Televisa, the world's largest Spanish-language broadcaster, hasn't decided how much to offer for Univision, whose market value is $10.9 billion. Televisa is in talks with [...]")('2006051', "Mittal Steel, the world's largest steel maker which is trying to buy its closest rival Arcelor, said on Friday it had received U.S. clearance for its bid. Meanwhile, Arcelor, the world's second biggest steel maker, announced on Friday it was going ahead with a share buyback worth roughly 5 billion euros ($6.4 billion) and reported [...]")('2006051', 'Sprint Nextel has received U.S. antitrust clearance to acquire its wireless affiliate UbiquiTel for about $1 billion, U.S. officials said on Thursday. U.S. antitrust authorities have closed their review of the deal without taking any action to block it, the Federal Trade Commission said in a notice. Go to Article from Reuters via Yahoo News [...]')('2006051', 'The Hard Rock Hotel & Casino in Las Vegas, along with an adjacent 23-acre chunk of land and other assets from owner Peter Morton, will be sold to Morgans Hotel Group for total of $770 million in cash, Morgans said late Thursday. Morgans said it would buy the off-Strip hotel, built in 1995, that has [...]')('2006051', "It doesn't take much to stir speculation that Verizon Communications will purchase Vodafone Group's 45 percent stake in the companies' wireless venture. The news that Verizon is in talks with suitors for its local phone operations in lightly populated markets throughout the Northeast and Midwest reinforces the view that the New York phone giant is [...]")('2006051', 'Onex, a Toronto investment firm that is among the six known bidders for The Inquirer and Philadelphia Daily News, has floated plans for deep cuts in the newsrooms at both papers, according to Teamsters union leaders. Teamsters officials say Onex has sought Teamsters assurance that drivers, pressmen and mailers, in exchange for preserving their own [...]')('2006051', "Final bidding for Pfizer's consumer products business is expected to be dominated by European drug and consumer products companies, with Colgate-Palmolive seen cooling on the $13-$14 billion auction, Reuters reported. Final offers for Pfizer's consumer business, whose products include Listerine mouthwash, Visine eye drops, and Rolaids antacid, are due by the end of May. Pfizer, [...]")('2006051', "Back in the 1980's, insider trading seemed, well, simpler. Thursday's arrest in the latest insider trading scandal - which prosecutors call the largest in decades - added another bizarre (but, we must concede, novel) link to a web of alleged tipoffs and trades that David Pajcin and Eugene Plotkin are charged with operating. So far [...]")('2006051', 'Terry Semel, the chief executive of Web powerhouse Yahoo, on Thursday gave his side of the story following a report earlier this month that Microsoft has considered taking a stake in his company. The May 3 article in The Wall Street Journal created quite a buzz among technology watchers, if only because of the sheer [...]')('2006051', 'In this lesson, students will examine indigenous peoples and how they have, or have not, assimilated into modern society.')('2006051', 'Rolling Stones guitarist Keith Richards is released from hospital in Auckland, New Zealand, after surgery to relieve pressure on his brain; photo (S)û')('2006051', 'Niels Aaboe letter on re-election of Pres Bush despite numerous policy failures, and trouble he is in now because of high gas prices')('2006051', 'Grace Glueck reviews exhibition of paintings by Jerome Witkin at ACA Galleries (M)')('2006051', 'Gail Minthorn letter says Americans who say they voted for George W Bush because he is Republican point up need for informed electorate willing to pick competent candidates')('2006051', "Letter from Edward Mortimer of UN secretary general's office rebuts May 11 editorial on Darfur, saying that planning for peacekeeping force is going forward, though hampered by lack of cooperation from Sudanese government")('2006051', "List of DVD's mentioned in Critics' Choice picks of best ballet DVD's")('2006051', 'Devi Glick letter says spike in gas prices is opportunity for exploration in efficiency and alternatives')('2006051', 'Ken Johnson reviews paintings by Jyothi Basu at Thomas Erben (M)')('2006051', "Former New York Yankees catcher John Flaherty discusses pitcher Randy Johnson's struggles this season (S)")('2006051', 'Excerpts from Frank Bruni reviews of restaurants Buddakan in Chelsea, August in Greenwich Village and Jean Georges in Trump International Tower; photo (M)2')('2006051', 'MAYORGA TESTS POSITIVE FOR BANNED SUBSTA')('2006051', 'Photo of Elizabeth Phipps and John Purcell, new graduates of New York University, at commencement ceremony')('2006051', 'Dr Henry David Abraham letter on Rush Limbaugh notes that wealth does not confer immunity to addiction')('2006051', 'Michael Kimmelman reviews works by Olafur Eliasson at Tanya Bronakdar Gallery; photo (M)')('2006051', "Tenor Jerry Hadley is arrested on charge of drunken-driving on Manhattan's Upper West Side; Hadley is found sitting in car with key in ignition; claims he had no intention of driving, but only wanted to listen to radio; photo (S)")('2006051', 'Photos of Philadelphia Phillies outfielder Aaron Rowand, who broke his nose running into fence during win against New York Mets6')('2006051', "Gia Kourlas offers picks for best ballet DVD's; photo (M)U")('2006051', 'Ron Meyer, president of Universal Studios, producer Jerry Bruckheimer and Brad Grey, chairman of Paramount Pictures, offer testimonials to talent and bankability of actor Tom Cruise after USA Today/Gallup Poll of 1,013 adults finds 51 percent had unfavorable opinion of star due to his recent behavior; photo (S)')('2006051', 'Photo of squatter known as Ra in front of vacant Brooklyn warehouse complex that burned to ground week earlier (S)')('2006051', "Live commercial is scheduled to be performed on May 23 before performance of Stomp; commercial is 'mini-play' sponsored by Visit London and is one of many ads to appear before theatrical performances in New York, Pittsburgh, London, Dublin and Hamburg (S)")('2006051', 'Fox wins ratings for Wednesda')('2006051', "Claudia La Rocco Critics' Choice picks for best ballet DVD's; photo (M)")('2006051', 'Roberta Smith reviews videos by Harry Dodge and Stanya Kahn at Elizabeth Dee (M)')('2006051', 'Letter from Carla Nordstrom, New York City public school teacher, defends parents who want children to carry cell phones to school')('2006051', "John Rockwell Critics' Choice picks for best ballet DVD's; photo (M)")('2006051', "John Rockwell introduces Critics' Choice picks for best ballet DVD's; photos (M)")('2006051', 'Ricardo Mayorga tests positive for banned diuretic after loss to Oscar De La Hoya (M)s')('2006051', 'Robert W Ray, former federal prosecutor who took over position of independent counsel in federal Whitewater investigation in 1999, is arrested in Manhattan and charged with stalking in fourth degree after repeatedly contacting former companion against her wishes (M)')('2006051', "Jennifer Dunning Critics' Choice picks for best ballet DVD's (M)")('2006051', "Atul M Karnik letter finds it not surprising that Pres Bush's poll numbers are low at time when common folks cannot make ends meet")('2006051', 'Mark A Kellner letter in tribute to late A M Rosenthal of The New York Times')('2006051', 'David Kagle letter on poll showing poor approval ratings for Pres Bush; says his failures this term were predictable, given incompetence and arrogance of first term, and wonders at millions who apparently voted for him hoping for better')('2006051', 'Back of the Envelope column lists prominent foreign deals this year in Brazil, Russia, India and China (M)')('2006051', 'Christina Bych letter says haunting staircase remaining from World Trade Center is fitting memorial')('2006051', 'Ken Johnson reviews unauthorized exhibition of photocopied works by David Hammons at Triple Candie (M)')('2006051', "Ron Magnuson letter on poll showing public does not believe gas price increases are beyond control of president; says Bush administration does have Vice Pres Cheney's secret plan, results of which may now bee seen at pumps")('2006051', 'Holland Cotter reviews exhibition of works by Kambui Olujimi at Gallery 138 (M)')('2006051', 'Barbara A Cleary letter asks how it is that 96 percent of incumbents are re-elected to Congress even though only 23 percent of those polled approve of how Congress does its job; points out that Congress bears responsibility along with Pres Bush for mess country is in')('2006051', 'Letter from former Sen Bob Dole, special counsel with Alston & Bird, explains that Montenegro, which he represents in Washington, will hold referendum on independence from Serbia and has neither responsibility nor power to bring Gen Ratko Mladic to justice for atrocities in Bosnia')('2006051', 'Federal health authorities find seventh death linked to medical abortion, although woman who died did not take drug RU-486; announcement is made at FDA meeting of scientists from leading health agencies; six women have died after taking RU-486 since 2000, but officials are now looking into other factors (S)')('2006051', "Letter from Al Gore's former press secretary Arlie Schardt finds it fitting that George W Bush's presidency has imploded, given that he captured White House by smearing two opponents and concocting phantom non-issues to frighten naive voters")('2006051', "Suzanne Victor letter on Republican hopes of turning around Pres Bush's low poll ratings; says what voters need to remember on Election Day are lives lost in Iraq war that was sold with lies and deceit, and fact that nation is less safe than before")('2006051', 'Holland Cotter reviews exhibition of works by graduates of Whitney Independent Study Program at Chelsea Art Museum (M)')('2006051', 'Rosie McCobb is a grandniece of Paul McCobb, the midcentury modern designer. He died in 1969, the year she was born. She\'s glad to have these spindle-patterned dishes from his "Contempri" line. Most came from flea markets and antiques shows. A green teacup is en route via eBay. "From what I understand, he was a [...]')('2006051', "Sure, Fernando Alonso scored pole position today in his home country, his Renault teammate, Giancarlo Fisichella was second fastest and Michael Schumacher third fastest. But another moment in the day – after the qualifying session – came close to rivaling Alonso's pole for excitement, and certainly beat it in terms of significance. In the GP2 [...]")('2006051', "John Trask letter says he strongly suspects that National Security Agency's collection of millions of telephone records (May 12 article) is just tip of iceberg when it comes to full extent of Bush administration's domestic surveillance program; drawing")('2006051', "Zimbabwe's annual inflation rate climbs to record 1,042.9 percent in April (S)")('2006051', 'Photo of KeySpan workers repairing natural gas leak near apartment complex in Roslyn Heights, NY')('2006051', "Linda K Bowles letter on May 12 editorial says it is ironic that Pres Bush seeks to violate Americans' privacy at same time US is spending billions of dollars fighting wars for democracy in Afghanistan and Iraq; drawing")('2006051', 'Correction of May 11 article about proposals aimed at increasing charitable giving while tightening tax laws governing charities and foundations')('2006051', "Correction of May 9 article about tax legislation regarding provisions affecting Roth IRA's")('2006051', "Correction of May 8 Critics' Choice column about new CD's")('2006051', "Correction of May 9 Personal Health column about patients who do no follow doctors' orders")('2006051', "Jerry T Johnson deplores Bush administration's domestic spying program (May 12 article); drawing")('2006051', 'Mexican man and woman are arrested in Nuevo Laredo on charges of trying to sell 4-week-old baby over Internet (S)')('2006051', "Lewis Regenstein letter replies to Thomas Powers's May 10 Op-Ed article criticizing Gen Michael V Hayden's nomination to head CIA because he oversaw National Security Agency's secret eavesdropping program; drawing")('2006051', 'Correction of May 10 article about letter from Pres Mahmoud Ahmadinejad of Iran to Pres Bush')('2006051', 'Los Angeles Dodgers player Jeff Kent says book Game of Shadows, which discusses allegations that Barry Bonds used steroids, was page turner (S)')('2006051', 'Photo of cast members of play Of Thee I Sing')('2006051', "Photo of boat carrying ballots under police guard in Fiji's weeklong election")('2006051', 'Government drops corruption charges against former Pres Suharto, citing his worsening health (S)')('2006051', "Erik T Johnson Op-Art drawings illustrating how baseball could honor America's mothers on Mother's Day")('2006051', "Letter from Charles G Wolf of Lower Manhattan Development Corporation's family advisory council says Mayor Michael R Bloomberg should not blame World Trade Center Memorial Foundation for rising cost of ground zero memorial; says fault lies with Lower Manhattan Development Corp")('2006051', 'Kremlin is sponsoring international orchestra festival in Moscow; will include performances by Israel Philharmonic, led by Zubin Mehta, and Filarmonica Arturo Toscanini, led by Lorin Maazel; photo (S)')('2006051', "Mike Orkin letter rejects Bush administration's defense of its compilation of database of records of billions of phone calls made by Americans to one another; drawing")('2006051', "Bill Ko letter scores National Security Agency's eavesdropping program (May 12 article); drawing")('2006051', "Photo of worshipers in Baghdad's Sadr City being sprayed with traditional rosewater and shielding themselves from scorching sun with umbrellas")('2006051', 'Ten former secretaries of state meet privately with Pres Bush at White House, engaging with him in robust give and take on foreign policy; photo of Bush, Vice Pres Dick Cheney, Sec of State Condoleeza Rice and former Secs Colin L Powell and Madeleine K Albright (M)')('2006051', 'Correction of May 12 Insider column says firm that did study of new hedge fund managers was Mayer & Hoffman Capital Advisers')('2006051', 'Correction of May 5 editorial on presidential signing statements, which misstated number of American presidents')('2006051', "Gail C Weisgrau letter scores National Security Agency's collection of millions of telephone records (May 12 article); drawing")('2006051', 'May 2 editorial should have stated that impact of weak dollar on oil prices is indirect, since international price of oil is set in US dollars; notes that weak dollar makes oil relatively cheaper in other countries, fact that could drive up international demand and raise price over all')('2006051', "Letter from Siobhan Reynolds of Pain Relief Network seconds John Tierney's May 6 column criticizing government's campaign against people it accuses of abusing pain medication")('2006051', "Chase Webb letter rejects Pres Bush's assertion in May 12 article that disclosure of National Security Agency's collection of telephone records hurts US ability to defeat terrorism; drawing")('2006051', 'Margaret Smyth letter says National Security Agency will need luck deciphering her phone records (May 12 article); drawing')('2006051', 'John Patrick Shanley play Doubt, a Parable will close on July 2 after playing 25 previews and 525 regular performances on Broadway; photo (S)')('2006051', "Fred Schachat letter says National Security Agency's collection of millions of telephone records (May 12 article) is invasion of privacy; drawing")('2006051', 'Correction of map with May 9 article about Iranian exiles in Los Angeles area')('2006051', 'Phoenix Suns defeat Los Angeles Clippers, 94-91, to lead Western Conference semifinals, 2-1 (S)')('2006051', 'Correction of May 9 article about motherhood in animal kingdom')('2006051', 'Correction of May 6 editorial on Congressional ethics, which failed to credit reporting of Mary Ann Akers of newspaper Roll Call')('2006051', "Letter from Simone Monasebian and Lucie Hrbkova of United Natoins Office on Drugs and Crime says trafficking in human beings (Nicholas D Kristof's May 9 Op-Ed column) is world's fastest growing international organized crime; urges all countries to ratify international protocol to address problem")('2006051', "Karen Krane letter says National Security Agency's collection of telephone records (May 12 article) is pathetic when you consider Bush administration's failures on more serious counterterrorism fronts; drawing")('2006051', 'Photo of Justin Gatlin setting world record of 9.76 in 100 meters at meet in Doha, Qatar')('2006051', 'CBS wins ratings for Thursday night with shows Survivor, CSI and Without a Trace (S)/')('2006051', 'St Louis Art Museum says it will keep 3,200-year-old mummy mask unless Egypt can produce firm evidence that it was stolen; Zahi Hawass, secretary general for Supreme Council of Antiquities in Egypt, asserted earlier in month that mask had probably been stolen from Egyptian site before it was acquired by museum in 1998; photo (S)')('2006051', 'Spanish Renault driver Fernando Alonso (C) celebrates with the Renault team after winning the Formula one Spanish Grand Prix. (AFP/Damien Meyer). About an hour after the Spanish Grand Prix ended on Sunday, with most of the 131,200 spectators filing slowly out of the sun-drenched circuit outside Barcelona, Fernando Alonso, having finished speaking to the press, [...]')('2006051', "Gilbert White's Selborne Journal: Friday, 14 May 1784: 29 9/10; 55; SW. Dark, misty rain, sweet afternoon. Swallows build. They take up straws in their bills, & with them a mouthful of dirt. Fern-owl churs. The bark of felled oaks runs remarkably well; so that the barkers earn great wages. Vines shoot, & shew rudiments [...]")('2006051', 'Helen W Mallon letter on May 7 article about video game The Sims')('2006051', "Teacher Janice A Donoghue letter on May 7 article on school districts' hiring of lobbyists to gain state aid")('2006051', "Maggie Barron letter comments on Deborah Solomon's April 30 interview with Carlos Fuentes")('2006051', "Amy Raffensperger letter on Randall Stross's May 7 column on proposed technology that could disable remote control during TV commercials")('2006051', "Michael Gorman letter comments on Kurt Andersen April 30 review of Gay Talese book A Writer's Life")('2006051', 'Letters: At Its Best?')('2006051', "Photos of some recent benefit parties in New York, including events for Museum of African Art, American Museum of Natural History, China Institute, Actors' Fund and New York City Ballet")('2006051', "Evan J Bonnett letter replies to David Brooks's May 11 column urging Americans to resist temptation to pessimism")('2006051', 'Photo of funeral in Little Ferry, NJ, for Sgt Matthew J Fenton of Marine Reserves, who died of wounds suffered during combat operations in Iraq')('2006051', 'Pulse column on knot designs in clothing and accessories; photos (S)')('2006051', 'Photos of model Kirsty Hume in summer fashions; photo (M)')('2006051', "Letters: 'Lost Men'**")('2006051', 'Phillip Certain letter replies to May 11 columns of David Brooks and Bob Herbert; says US needs new party, one that stands up for democratic processes')('2006051', 'John Rabe letter comments on Sara Wheeler April 30 review of Kelly Tyler Lewis book The Lost Men')('2006051', "Gerald Bilinski letter on Mary Beth Pfeiffer's May 7 Op-Ed article on mentally ill prison inmates")('2006051', 'Sara Bennett and Joseph Holmes letter on May 7 article about Brooklyn Free School')('2006051', "Cesar Guerra letter comments on Deborah Solomon's April 30 interview with Carlos Fuentes")('2006051', 'Brooklyn Free School director Alan P Berger letter disputes May 7 article about school')('2006051', "Op-Ed article by Sharon Roth offers reasons why New York's Good Samaritan law should be modified to include distribution or use of epinephrine shots for those suffering allergic reaction to foods in restaurants and other public places (M)")('2006051', "David Annis letter on Ben Stein's May 7 column o taxing the rich")('2006051', 'Kempinski Hotels and Resorts president-chief executive Reto Wittwer The Boss column on his early schooling, attraction to hotel business and his business and personal philosophy; photo (M)')('2006051', 'Nebil Suleyman letter comments on April 30 profile of Amr Khaled, Muslim televangelist')('2006051', 'Diagram of US intelligence community as reconfigured according to recommendations of 9/11 commission; photos (M)')('2006051', 'Claudia Vargas letter comments on April 30 profile of Amr Khaled, Muslim televangelist')('2006051', "Laurence Kardish letter about Apr 30 article says absence of diversity in recent films is due not to New York streets but to Hollywood's tendency to homogenize (S)")('2006051', "Associate professor of art at Ohio State Michael Mercil letter about May 7 article says Ohio State's art school provides basic training in some manual skills, but asserts all levels of study demand 'conceptual problem solving'")('2006051', "Peter McFadden letter replies to Holden Thorp's May 12 Op-Ed on inability of intelligent design to yield practical applications of sort that evolution has produced")('2006051', 'City Commission in Margate, NJ, has stopped making utility and insurance payments for town icon, Lucy the Elephant; Save Lucy Committee director Richard Helfant and former city commissioner Sigmund Rimm, who led movement to stop financing, comment on what they say are vendettas against one another; photo (M)')('2006051', 'Donna Higgerson Abood letter comments on April 23 article on private clubs of Baghdad')('2006051', 'Jennifer Wroblewski letter on May 7 article Money Changes Everything says that as visual artist her self-worth is not in dollars')('2006051', "David Shorr letter comments on Holden Thorp's May 12 Op-Ed on inability of intelligent design to yield practical applications of sort that evolution has produced")('2006051', 'Correction of December 1 picture caption with article about Brooklyn Free School (S)')('2006051', 'Generations United executive director Donna Butts letter on April 30 editorial on foster care reform debate in New Jersey')('2006051', "Raymond D Gastil letter replies to Peter Beinart's April 30 article arguing that liberals should espouse moral complexity in foreign affairs")('2006051', "Gilad Edelman letter replies to David Brooks's May 11 column on why Americans should reject temptation to pessimism; drawing")('2006051', "Letter from assistant professor of art history at Kingsborough Community College Caterina Y Pierre on May 7 article says sculptors' need for assistants was discussed as early as 1864 magazine article")('2006051', "Scene at American Society of Magazine Editors' National Magazine Awards described as Newsweek editor Mark Whitaker presents top award to arch-rival, Time magazine managing editor Jim Kelly; photo (S)")('2006051', "Ocean County College Prof Elizabeth C Mitchell letter on April 9 article on attacks on school's student newspaper by administration and board of trusees")('2006051', "James V Bradley letter replies to Holden Thorp's May 12 Op-Ed on deficiencies of intelligent design when compared with evolution")('2006051', "Karen Heffernan letter comments on Mark Edmundson's April 30 article on dangerous appeal of strong leaders and Peter Beinart's article on obligations and contradictions of power")('2006051', 'David Del Poio letter about May 7 article says Paul McCartney has made many recent musical contributions (S)')('2006051', "Frank Greenhalgh letter replies to David Brooks's May 11 column on why Americans should reject temptation to pessimism; drawing")('2006051', 'Nassau Health Care Corp board dismisses president and chief executive Daniel Kane, citing lack of uniform support on part of Nassau County stakeholders (S)')('2006051', 'Connecticut state police, seeking to improve safety and efficiency, install push bumpers on front of patrol cars to allow troopers to move disabled vehicles off road by pushing them from behind (S)')('2006051', 'Jersey Footlights column; photographic images by Daniel Dorn of Monmouth County and New York City from turn of 20th century to present are on view at Monmouth Museum in Lincroft, NJ; photo (M)')('2006051', 'Footlights column; Pritam & Eams will open its 25th anniversary exhibition in East Hampton, NY, featuring work by furniture makers long associated with gallery (S)')('2006051', 'Ivan Berger letter on affluence recalls college days when he dined out with wealthier friends and could only afford to order Jello-O, peculiarity that none of them ever questioned')('2006051', 'Benjamin Genocchio reviews three new art shows at Aldrich Contemporary Art Museum; photos (M)')('2006051', 'Photo of sprinter Marion Jones, who won 100-meter race after 11-month hiatus')('2006051', "Laura Copland letter on Jack Kadden's May 7 Commuter's Journal column on new Metro-North railroad cars")('2006051', "Editorial supports several parts of reform agenda called Reform NY, including changes in New York State's campaign finance, redistricting, ethics and budget laws and revisions in legislative rules")('2006051', "Barbara J Miller letter replies to David Brooks's May 11 column on why Americans should reject temptation to pessimism; drawing")('2006051', "Correction of Up Front note in last week's Book Review; Judy Klemesrud interviewed Philip Roth's mother in 1969 after publication of Portnoy's Complaint")('2006051', 'David Traxel')('2006051', 'Footlights column; Indian-American stand-up comic Vijai Nathan will perform at Laugh Lounge in Manhattan; photo (M)')('2006051', 'Robert M Ball and Nancy J Altman letter on May 8 editorial says Social Security needs new sources of income, not more cuts in benefits')('2006051', 'Stephen Kahn Bonnett letter on May 7 article about Brooklyn Free School')('2006051', 'Connecticut Transportation Department announces changes to Ella Grasso Boulevard in New Haven to improve safety, after seven people are killed in traffic accidents on road from January through April (S)')('2006051', 'Former New Jersey Democratic State Committee exec dir Rick Thigpen and others comment on possibility that voters in heavily Latino North and East wards of Newark may control what happens to State Senate seat occupied by former Newark mayor Sharpe James (S)')('2006051', 'Betsy Seifter letter comments on April 30 article on why some children who are sexually abused escape crippling effects that many others suffer')('2006051', 'Le Chateau Renaissance, 40-acre estate in Indianapolis once owned by Conseco chief executive Stephen Hilbert and his wife Tomisue, is to be closed to public after two weeks; Conseco is asking $20 million for estate, which it reposessed from Hilberts (S)')('2006051', "Dan Immergluck letter on Ben Stein's May 7 column on taxing the rich")('2006051', 'New York Mets defeat Milwaukee Brewers, 9-8; photo (M)')('2006051', 'Editorial supports several parts of reform agenda called Reform NY, including changes in campaign finance, redistricting, ethics and budget laws and revisions in legislative rules')('2006051', 'BOOING')('2006051', 'Wayne Johnson letter comments on April 30 article on why some children who are sexually abused escape crippling effects that many others suffer')('2006051', 'New York Mets pitcher Jose Lima is 0-2 with 9.31 ERA so far this season (M)0')('2006051', 'On the Street photos of New York women in trench coats')('2006051', 'Op-Ed article by Blythe Hamer describes how her skills as mother have made her a better manager in business world (M)')('2006051', 'Al Doyle letter on May 7 article about Brooklyn Free School')('2006051', "Rev Sebastian L Muccilli letter comments on Holden Thorp's May 12 Op-Ed on conflict between intelligent and evolution")('2006051', 'Peter Muennig letter on May 11 article says hepatitis B is more serious problem in China than in other countries in its region because China spends virtually no money on cost-effective interventions')('2006051', 'Lita Smith-Mines letter on dining out with friends who do not share her vegan diet; notes that splitting bill equally as they do reduces their costs while greatly inflating hers')('2006051', "Ed Federman letter replies to David Brooks's May 11 column urging Americans to resist temptation to pessimism")('2006051', "Op-Ed article by Sharon Roth offers reasons why New York's Good Samaritan law should be modified to include distribution or use of epinephrine shots for those suffering allergic reaction to foods in restaurants and other public places (M)")('2006051', 'Robley Wilson letter criticizes Book Review section as wholeÿ')('2006051', 'Metro-North Railroad , pleased with ridership, decides to keep two new early morning weekday trains on New Haven Line on schedule (S)')('2006051', 'New Castle, NY, planning board member Thomas Curley letter on May 7 article about Tappan Zee Bridge')('2006051', 'Mark Kleinknecht letter contends that San Franc')('2006051', 'Chart compares mileage of motorcycles by Honda, Kawasaki, Suzuki and Yamaha; photos')('2006051', "Norman Rabinowicz letter on Ben Stein's May 7 column on taxing the rich")('2006051', "Jack Kadden offers his observances in his final Commuter's Journal column; drawing (M)")('2006051', "Robert S Wallerstein letter comments on William H Gass's May 7 Op-Ed article on Sigmund Freud, disputing assertion that psychoanalysis does not cure anyone")('2006051', "Oyster Bay, NY, gives approval to Verizon Communications to begin offering cable television service to most of town's 100,000 households once State Public Service Commission approves franchise agreement (S)")('2006051', 'Jason Zinoman annotated listing of summer theater festivals across US; photos (L)')('2006051', 'Yaffa Sch')('2006051', 'Blake Holden letter on May 7 article about Brooklyn Free School')('2006051', 'Former New Jersey treasurer Richard Leone says he sees similarities between initial challenges faced by Newark Mayor-Elect Cory Booker and ones he faced as head of transition team for Gov Jon Corzine (S)')('2006051', "Prakash Navare letter replies to David Brooks's May 11 column urging Americans to resist temptation to pessimism")('2006051', 'Correction of May 7 list of upcoming summer films')('2006051', "Bono, addressing Economic Club of Grand Rapids, calls philanthropists David Van Andel, son of Amway co-founder Jay Van Andel, and Ralph Hauenstein, former chairman of Werner Lehara Corp, 'cool' (S)")('2006051', 'Retired investor Lewis Cullman, during panel discussion at 92nd Street Y, comments on similarity in his investment and philanthropic strategies (S)')('2006051', 'Stony Brook University medical center signs affiliation deal with Eastern Long Island Hospital in Greenport (S)')('2006051', 'Former Passaic township Mayor Richard Van Deusen letter on May 7 editorial says New Jersey municipal governments and school districts must be cut, through consolidation, in order to cut property taxes')('2006051', 'Hillary Brizell-DeLise letter says it is doubtful if any Qaeda members being held at Guantanamo Bay have useful information to give up after so many years, however it may be extracted from them (May 10 article)')('2006051', "Jane Lindau letter questions Repr Sue Kelly's pro-choice stance considering her voting record")('2006051', "Part 4 of Jaime Hernandez's comic strip La Maggie La Loca")('2006051', 'Hasbro has decided to depict Star Wars creator George Lucas as limited edition Storm Trooper; photo (S)')('2006051', 'Barbara Barlow letter cod')('2006051', "At the risk of sounding more equivocal than any self-respecting blogger is expected to sound, I'm going to turn my attention from the benefits of Wal-Mart's decision to enter the organic food market to its costs. You'll have to decide for yourself whether the advantage of making organic food accessible to more Americans is outweighed [...]")('2006051', "When The Times's initial article about the annual dinner of the White House Correspondents' Association failed to mention the appearance of Stephen Colbert from Comedy Central, more than 200 readers wrote in to complain.")('2006051', '(Photo by Ashley Gilbertson for the New York Times) A man sells gas on Karada Street in Baghdad. As a student in a university far from where I live, I spend a lot of my daily time traveling between the house and the university. During that time, I travel through different areas of Baghdad. Starting [...]')('2006051', 'Actor Owen Wilson poses as he arrives for the premiere of the Disney/Pixar animated film "Cars" at Lowe\'s Motor Speedway in Concord, North Carolina. (AP/Terry Renna). Among visitors to the paddock yesterday were Owen Wilson, who has acted in films like Starsky and Hutch, The Wedding Crashers and The Royal Tenenbaums, and John Lasseter, the [...]')('2006051', "When The Times's initial article about the annual dinner of the White House Correspondents' Association failed to mention the appearance of Stephen Colbert from Comedy Central, more than 200 readers wrote in to complain.")('2006051', 'he voting period for the 2007 Zagat Survey for New York restaurants ended yesterday. Just two weeks before that, I received an e-mail that underscored some of the peculiarities of the process -- and of the results.')('2006051', 'Less than three months after resigning from New York private equity powerhouse Apollo Management, Michael Gross is looking for a company (or several) to acquire. A regulatory filing late Friday shows that Mr. Gross, who co-founded Apollo along with Leon Black in 1990, is chairman of Marathon Acquisition Corporation, a newly formed company created for [...]')('2006051', 'Mortgage businesses are high on the list of companies that Morgan Stanley is considering buying, Morgan Stanley Chief Executive John Mack said Monday at a conference in New York. The investment bank and financial services firm is "pursuing a number of bolt-on acquisitions and small acquisitions," Mr. Mack said, according to MarketWatch. Morgan Stanley is [...]')('2006051', "There have been several accounts of General Motors' struggle to sell a controlling stake in its financing arm, a high-stakes transaction whose terms were announced in early April. In its latest issue, The Deal offers a fresh angle on the long and often tense negotiations. In revisiting the sale to a group led by Cerberus [...]")('2006051', 'Readers respond to Frank Rich\'s May 14 column, "Will the Real Traitors Please Stand Up." Cos Raimondi, Indianapolis: Thank you very much for your wonderful articles. This latest one hits a bull\'s-eye, as so many of your essays do. Thanks again, and keep it up. You\'re helping me gain confidence once again in the U.S. [...]')('2006051', "It has been a year since Rupert Murdoch closed on his $44 million triplex apartment on New York's Fifth Avenue, a transaction that set a record - since broken - for the highest price paid for a single Manhattan residence. That was two months before his company, News Corporation, agreed to pay $580 million for [...]")('2006051', 'Readers respond to Paul Krugman\'s May 15 column, "D for Debacle" Debra Wagner, Johnson City, N.Y.: I agree that Medicare Part D is a mess. I am fortunate to have a prescription plan provided by my employer; I am on permanent disability, thus on Medicare. I did look into Medicare D, realized that no plan [...]')('2006051', 'How could I fail to acknowledge the passing of one of the greats of residential real estate, George Lutz? Doesn\'t ring a bell? How about "The Amityville Horror?" His obituary reminds us: Mr. Lutz, a former land surveyor, moved his new bride and three children into a three-story home on Long Island in 1975, about [...]')('2006051', 'I have read a lot of predictions that the high price of gasoline will cause suburban growth to slow as more commuters figure they need to cut the cost of their daily commute. Some urbanologists have even suggested suburbia will contract. Set aside the idea that Americans may know that gasoline prices are actually not [...]')('2006051', "Even if I didn't tell you that the Boycott Housing Web site was the product of a San Franciscan, somehow I know you would have figured it out. This site proposes that the way to bring down housing prices is to boycott housing. Don't buy any, which the site notes will happen anyway as prices [...]")('2006051', 'In this lesson, students act as C.I.A. analysts to produce intelligence reports on specific countries and to learn about "strategic intelligence." For homework, they write letters making predictions about how their assigned countries will have changed by 2008.')('2006051', '"Those loudmouthed hedge funds" are behind the "runaway fad" of stock buybacks, according to Forbes magazine. The article says that many hedge funds are pressuring companies to repurchase their shares on the "belief that the repurchases will prop up demand for a stock, giving it a quick boost that the funds can cash in on." [...]')('2006051', 'Sell-side research has become more honest in the wake of scandal and Sarbanes-Oxley, according to Citigroup\'s chief financial officer, a former analyst whom Fortune magazine calls "Mrs. Clean." Sallie Krawcheck formerly worked for Sanford C. Bernstein, which does no underwriting or investment banking. Whether Ms. Krawcheck\'s spotless reputation came from the happenstance of working there [...]')('2006051', "The feedback I've received about my blog's new format makes you ask yourself: What is a blog, really? And how much of it is in the formatting?")('2006051', 'Privately held Infor Global Solutions announced Monday it will buy enterprise software maker SSA Global Technologies, which is controlled by hedge fund Cerberus Capital Management, for $19.50 a share in cash, or $1.36 billion. The deal represents a premium of about 25 percent to the $15.59 closing price of SSA Global shares on Friday. SSA [...]')('2006051', 'Readers respond to Bob Herbert\'s May 15 column, "America the Fearful" Salim Akrabawi, Evansville, Ind.: I wish Mr. Herbert was wrong, but unfortunately he is so right. The Bush gang is attempting to turn this country into a third-rate dictatorship, all in the name of protecting us from the terrorists. Let us not forget that [...]')('2006051', "In an effort to assuage skeptical shareholders, Armor Holdings on Monday increased its offer for military truck maker Stewart & Stevenson to $36.50 a share, up from the $35 it first offered in February. Stewart's board of directors has approved the sweetened offer, but shareholders must approve it at a special meeting May 25. Should [...]")('2006051', 'Readers respond to David Brooks\'s May 14 column, "From Freedom to Authority" Norman Mann, San Diego: So you want less government? How about anarchy? I really did not understand the gist or scope of this editorial. You really never got to state, to my mind what you were trying to say. You used a lot [...]')('2006051', "Investment banking boutique Evercore did not draw much attention when it filed to sell shares to the public late Friday, but the move is notable for several reasons. For one thing, Evercore's decision to pursue an initial public offering highlights the spectacular gains that shares of other newly public investment banks have achieved. A look [...]")('2006051', "Qwest announced Monday it will acquire privately held network services provider OnFiber for $107 million in a move meant to shore up the telecom's out-of-region coverage. Until the deal's closing, expected sometime in the third quarter this year, Qwest has the option of subsituting up to $35 million of its shares for cash. OnFiber operates [...]")('2006051', 'Political observers knew that Al Gore was not running for president in 2004 when, in late 2002, he hosted "Saturday Night Live" and, in one sketch, drank champagne in a hot tub with (an actor playing) Joe Lieberman. Gore resurfaced on "SNL" this past weekend. Could this year\'s appearance be 2002 in reverse, a sign [...]')('2006051', "Two big-name investment firms - Lehman Brothers and Goldman Sachs - sit atop the Barron's 500 survey of corporate performance. The annual list ranks the largest United States and Canadian companies by a collection of factors including stock price, cash flow and sales growth. Both companies, of course, have benefited from hot capital markets around [...]")('2006051', 'McCain\'s stealthy "I\'m sorry" to Jerry Falwell: National Review\'s Byron York notices what many political analysts missed about John McCain\'s weekend commencement address at Falwell\'s Liberty University: McCain\'s apology for his comparison of Falwell to Louis Farrakhan during his 2000 presidential campaign. After talking about the need for civility in political rhetoric, McCain said, "I [...]')('2006051', 'FiberTower announced Monday that it would merge with wireless transport services operator First Avenue Networks in a $1.5 billion all-stock merger. First Avenue will issue 73.7 million shares to privately held FiberTower, which will own about 51 percent of the combined entity. The deal is expected to close by the third quarter this year. The [...]')('2006051', "Legal experts said AT&T, BellSouth and Verizon faced the prospect of lawsuits seeking billions of dollars in damages over cooperation in the government's program to build a vast database of calling records. A federal lawsuit was filed in Manhattan Friday seeking as much as $50 billion in civil damages against Verizon on behalf of its [...]")('2006051', "Citing Microsoft's lapses under part of a landmark antitrust settlement, the Justice Department and the software giant agreed to extend by two years the agency's oversight of some of the company's business practices. The company and the Justice Department asked a federal judge to continue overseeing one key provision of the 2001 settlement until at [...]")('2006051', "Brooks Automation, a maker of equipment and software used to make microchips, said Friday that the Securities and Exchange Commission had opened an informal inquiry into its stock option practices. It also said the Nasdaq Stock Market has threatened to delist the company's stock on May 23, because it failed to file its quarterly financial [...]")('2006051', "American Lawyer magazine has published its annual list of the nation's 100 largest law firms based on revenue. The upshot? The big keep getting richer. Two more firms broke past the billion-dollar mark, bringing the total to seven. They are: Skadden Arps Slate Meagher & Flom, Latham & Watkins, Baker & McKenzie, Jones Day, Sidley [...]")('2006051', "It's not looking too pretty for Enron founder Kenneth Lay and former CEO Jeffrey Skilling as the corporate trial of the century enters its final stretch. With closing arguments set to begin Monday, legal experts say it seems that the scales have tipped in favor of the prosecution as Lay and Skilling's lackluster performance on [...]")('2006051', 'Hollywood doesn\'t blink at paying top dollar for the right actor in a movie deal, but a federal proposal for media companies to reveal their stars\' salaries has studios crying "cut." CBS, Walt Disney and Viacom are among the media companies asking the Securities and Exchange Commission to drop a proposal that would require them [...]')('2006051', 'L. Dennis Kozlowski, who used millions of dollars of Tyco International money to buy artwork for his Manhattan mansion, will pay $21.2 million to resolve the tax- evasion case that led to fraud charges and his ultimate downfall. Justice Michael Obus of Manhattan Supreme Court Friday agreed to dismiss charges that Kozlowski evaded the sales [...]')('2006051', 'Two specialists who supervised trades on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange pleaded guilty Friday to securities fraud in what a prosecutor called a "groundbreaking" development in a new area of prosecution. Joseph Bongiorno, 51, of Brooklyn, and Patrick McGagh Jr., 40, of Little Silver, N.J., entered the pleas in U.S. District Court [...]')('2006051', 'Cosmetics manufacturer MD Beauty, which makes such makeup brands as Bare Escentuals, is paying out another dividend to its buyout backers JH Partners and Berkshire Partners. MD Beauty, which will be giving out a $300 million dividend to its buyout backers, has done several dividend recaps in the past, including two last year that returned [...]')('2006051', 'Petroleum storage and shipping company TransMontaigne said it will accept the revised buyout offer from SemGroup of Tulsa. Denver-based TransMontaigne said Friday it has entered into an amended definitive merger agreement with SemGroup, after backing out of the original agreement when a private equity consortium led by Morgan Stanley Capital Group upped its bid last [...]')('2006051', 'Private equity firms face less competition from hedge funds when they invest in emerging markets, rather than in the U.S. and Europe, said fund managers at the 8th Annual Global Private Equity Conference in Washington. Private equity and hedge fund managers attending the May 11-12 conference agreed that they find themselves competing for the same [...]')('2006051', "Forged land titles, the possibility of corruption, high taxes? No matter. India's real estate market is getting very, very warm. It still may be a fragmented industry with high transaction costs and an absence of transparency, but it is whetting the appetites of domestic and overseas investors. In India, changing government policies and a focus [...]")('2006051', 'Recently, the small boutique venture capital firm has seemed like an endangered species. Investment money has cascaded into venture capital firms, and the funds they manage have bloated. Some of the bigger V.C. funds have so much cash they can invest upward of $20 million a deal. But lately, a handful of venture capitalists is [...]')('2006051', 'A group of nearly two dozen investors led by a local banking veteran hopes to raise as much as $60 million to start a bank in Leesburg, Va. The proposal, spearheaded by Sidney Bostian, former C.E.O. of four banks in Virginia, and Fletcher Jewett, a real estate developer and telecommunications executive, has garnered $2 million [...]')('2006051', 'German software giant SAP is expected to announce soon a $100 million venture capital fund to promote its NetWeaver software, according to The San Jose Mercury News. SAP is creating the NetWeaver Fund to finance start-up companies that will create products that use NetWeaver software. NetWeaver is used to develop corporate Web applications. Go to [...]')('2006051', 'Mueller Water Products said it would sell 23.5 million shares of common stock, with each share expected to sell for $16 to $18 a share, in an initial public offering. Mueller, a wholly owned subsidiary of Walter Industries, estimated it would receive about $374 million from the offering after expenses, or about $430.4 million if [...]')('2006051', 'Representatives of three organizations say that Voyager Pharmaceutical\'s ousted chairman, Dr. Richard Bowen, was never on their boards of directors, as claimed in the company\'s initial public offering filing. Voyager\'s I.P.O. document, which was submitted in September and withdrawn in December, states that "Dr. Bowen has served as a member of the boards of directors [...]')('2006051', 'Investors have gorged on restaurant deals this year, but do they have room for Burger King? Burger King is set to raise as much as $425 million in an initial public offering early next week, and while analysts expect the offering to generate a lot of interest from big institutional investors, they say public retail [...]')('2006051', 'Foreign companies are increasingly forsaking the U.S. for friendlier overseas environs. Take for example plans by the state-owned Russian giant Rosneft Oil to list its shares on the London Stock Exchange. The New York Stock Exchange and NASDAQ pin much of the blame on the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the controversial 2002 corporate governance rules, for their [...]')('2006051', "Abdulrahman al-Tuwaijri's appointment as chief regulator of the Saudi bourse sent the depressed local stock market soaring on Saturday. But the Iowa University graduate will face a tough task in tackling factors which have led to a market crash that has wiped more than half, or $400 billion, off the Arab world's largest bourse's capitalization [...]")('2006051', 'Investment banks are poised to celebrate their best first half on record in Asia with buoyant capital markets and strong takeover activity driving up revenues. Financial firms have earned an estimated $1.7 billion in revenues from deals in Asia and, with seven weeks to the end of the period, are within striking distance of the [...]')('2006051', 'The growth in public interest in mergers and acquisitions in Japan has propelled telegenic financial experts like Nobuo Sayama, who owns his own investment advisory company, into the spotlight. His firm but friendly manner and ability to comment clearly on the most tangled corporate transactions became familiar to viewers who followed the bid by Rakuten, [...]')('2006051', 'Shares of Falconbridge may rise after Inco sweetened its takeover offer to C$19.6 billion ($17.7 billion), signaling a possible bidding contest for mining assets after copper, zinc and nickel prices rose to records. Inco Chief Executive Officer Scott Hand on May 13 increased a friendly offer for Falconbridge by 11 percent, making it the biggest [...]')('2006051', "The worldwide boom in leveraged buyouts isn't translating into record fees for some of the biggest banks and securities firms, including Citigroup and Merrill Lynch. Citigroup received about a third less in fees in the first quarter, even as the largest U.S. bank helped arrange about $25 billion more in L.B.O.s than a year earlier. [...]")('2006051', 'Joe Francis, founder of the "Girls Gone Wild" franchise, is looking to move beyond soft-core pornography and into publishing – and is eyeing British multimillionaire Felix Dennis\' magazine empire. The New York Post reported Sunday that Mr. Francis has had some preliminary discussions about acquiring Mr. Dennis\' U.S. publishing assets, which include the music magazine [...]')('2006051', "Herbert and Marion Sandler are among the few chief executives who wouldn't look out of place in a Norman Rockwell painting, even though they can now afford to live like Rockefellers after striking a deal to sell Golden West Financial to Wachovia for $24.2 billion. They have spent much of their 45-year marriage running an [...]")('2006051', 'Having completed the integration of Teleglobe International Holdings, Indian powerhouse Videsh Sanchar Nigam is back on the acquisition trail, this time to beef up its domestic broadband operations. VSNL announced on Monday it has bought Direct Internet and its Primus India subsidiary for 750 million rupees (US$16.7 million), and now the carrier has reportedly picked [...]')('2006051', "In a country where few things are more closely linked to national identity than drinking beer, Canada's last remaining domestically owned national brewer is up for sale. Late Friday, Sleeman Breweries, Canada's third-largest beer maker confirmed it is reviewing its strategic options, including a possible sale of the company. Go to Article from The Globe [...]")('2006051', 'Boeing has agreed to pay $615 million to end three years of Justice Department investigations into high-profile contracting scandals at the defense giant, according to The Wall Street Journal. The deal allows Boeing to avoid criminal charges or any admission of wrongdoing. Current and former federal investigators describe the tentative settlement as the largest financial [...]')('2006051', 'Federated Investors, a company known for money- market funds, said Friday it will pay up to $240 million to acquire MDT Advisers, which uses mathematical models to pick stocks. Cambridge, Mass .-based MDT Advisers, a unit of MDTA, manages about $7.1 billion . About $6.8 billion of that is in separately managed and institutional accounts. [...]')('2006051', "Brookdale Senior Living will acquire American Retirement for $1.2 billion, the companies said late Friday. The cash price, $33 a share, represents a 32 percent premium over American Retirement's closing share price Friday, $24.90. The combined company will operate 73 independent-living facilities, with over 13,750 units; 413 assisted living facilities, with more than 21,640 beds; [...]")('2006051', "HMV, the retail group that owns Waterstone's, is expected next week to make a fresh bid for rival book chain Ottakar's, after the proposed merger was officially cleared by the Competition Commission. However, it is expected that HMV will table a bid at substantially less than the 440 pence ($8.27) a share offer it submitted [...]")('2006051', 'Exelon on Friday joined the club of Chicago-area companies that have come under fire from hedge fund investors. Duquesne Capital Management, the hedge fund firm run by Stanley Druckenmiller, said Exelon should reconsider its $16.2 billion purchase of Public Service Enterprise Group because it will hurt shareholders. Go to Article from The Chicago Tribune »')('2006051', "ITC Holdings, a Michigan-based owner of high-voltage transmission lines, has agreed to buy Michigan Electric Transmission for $866 million, LBO Wire reported. Michigan Electric, headquartered in Ann Arbor, Mich., owns and operates 5,400 miles of transmission lines in southwestern Michigan adjacent to ITC's network in southeastern Michigan. The two companies already jointly operate the Michigan [...]")('2006051', "British food equipment maker Enodis said on Saturday it had rejected a 796 million pound ($1.5 billion) bid approach from U.S. rival Middleby. Enodis, which makes fryers, grills and refrigerators for fast-food restaurants such as McDonald's and Burger King, said the proposed offer of 195 pence a share in cash was too low. Go to [...]")('2006051', "EMI, the world's third-largest music company, may raise its offer for smaller rival Warner Music to $30 per share this week after the U.S. firm rejected its $28.50 offer earlier this month, The Observer reported Sunday. But it may not be enough for Warner, which could still hold out for a higher bid of about [...]")('2006051', "AstraZeneca, the U.K.'s second-largest drugmaker, agreed to buy the rest of Cambridge Antibody Technology Group for 567 million pounds ($1.07 billion) to gain control of the first U.K. biotechnology company to develop a $1 billion drug. Investors in the Cambridge, England-based company will get 1,320 pence for each of their shares, AstraZeneca said Monday. That's [...]")('2006051', 'After a whirl of press reports teaming Grupo Televisa up with several private equity firms for a Univision bid, the Mexican media company confirmed on Friday that it planned to bid for the Spanish-language broadcaster along with five private investment firms, including one owned by the chairman of Microsoft, Bill Gates. Univision, which is based [...]')('2006051', 'A British newspaper has reported that Verizon Communications is close to acquiring the rest of its wireless joint venture from Vodafone for about $48 billion. Sources told DealBook on Monday there was little substance to the unsourced story, however. According to The Observer, Vodafone shareholders say an offer north of $45 billion should be accepted [...]')('2006051', 'Earlier this month, investing guru Warren Buffett took a public jab at private equity firms at the annual meeting of his company, Berkshire Hathaway. In his speech to shareholders, Mr. Buffett dismissed them as "deal flippers" and suggested that Berkshire would avoid acquiring businesses from buyout firms. As with many things on Wall Street, Mr. [...]')('2006051', "Last month's financial bailout of Michael Jackson may have averted a bankruptcy filing by the legendary pop star, but it hardly put an end to the questions surrounding his predicament. The most obvious of these: Where did all the money from his wildly successful career go? The New York Times on Sunday offered an in-depth [...]")('2006051', "Photos of baseball players using pink bats on Mother's Day to raise money for breast cancer")('2006051', "New York Knicks are reportedly in talks to end Larry Brown's tenure as coach, either by buying out his contract or by paying him $40 million he is owed; photo (M)")('2006051', "Ben Ratliff reviews performance by Guns n' Roses at Hammerstein Ballroom (M)")('2006051', "Kelefa Sanneh reviews new CD by Cam'ron; photo (M)")('2006051', 'Letter from Nelson Smith of National Alliance for Public Charter Schools responds to May 10 editorial on reining in such schools')('2006051', 'Detroit Pistons prepare to face Cleveland Cavaliers in Game 4 of second-round playoffs (S)')('2006051', "Photo of New Jersey Nets' loss to Miami Heat in Game 4 of second-round playoffs")('2006051', 'David Kamp letter lauds Phyllis Pellman Good for publishing spiral-bound cookbooks with homespun recipes but says they can also encompass organic foods')('2006051', 'Jon Pareles reviews new CD by The Raconteurs; photo (M)')('2006051', 'Wendy M Geringer letter on sea change facing political landscape warns Democrats they cannot afford to make same mistakes again')('2006051', "Bonnie Schultz letter says Phyllis Pellman Good's success as cookbook publisher is probably founded on curent American culture of suspicion toward all things foreign or new")('2006051', 'Ben Ratliff reviews new CD by Espers (M)')('2006051', 'Ricardo Chaviro letter on assimilating immigrants notes that Americans of non-Northern European ancestry, such as Italians, Greeks and Arabs, continue to be identified ethnically')('2006051', "Jeanne Wilkinson letter says problem for Democrats is not finding a message but American public's inability to face up to truth")('2006051', 'Letter from high school student Jonathan Panter objects to proposals to deny students right to buy soft drinks in school')('2006051', 'Nate Chinen reviews new CD by pianist Frank Kimbrough (M)')('2006051', 'Letter from John E Chubb of Edison Schools says impartial research does not indicate that charter schools are either failing academically or merely equaling achievement of traditional public schools')('2006051', 'Letter from NYC & Company president Christyne L Nicholas supports regulating pedicabs')('2006051', "Photo of Carolina Hurricanes' win over New Jersey Devils to win second-round playoffs")('2006051', 'Cindy Harden letter says Democrats must get over their fear and begin fighting back as liberals')('2006051', "Deborah Meierletter says May 10 editorial's skepticism about charter schools would sit more comfortably if it were paired with skepticism for other 'magical solutions' now in vogue, such as testing or pay by results")('2006051', 'NBC wins ratings for Friday night with shows Deal or No Deal, Las Vegas and Conviction; photo (S)f')('2006051', 'Mission Impossible 3 holds No 1 spot at box office for second consecutive weekend with $24.5 million in ticket sales, bringing its gross to $84.6 million; Poseidon is No 2; photo (S)')('2006051', 'Mike Van Winkle letter says charter schools are easier to reform than public schools precisely because they are contracted out to private organizations')('2006051', "Letter from McDonald's executive Bill Lamar says April 19 article took superficial view of company, which has reported 'astounding' 37 months of positive comparable sales in US")('2006051', 'Meg Kibbee letter recalls some awkward moments when she majored in French at University of Illinois while her father was department chairman, but also pleasure at hearing her father read out her name at graduation')('2006051', "Tom Hanks says film version of Dan Brown novel The Da Vinci Code, in which he plays lead role, is merely 'good story' and is not meant to be taken too seriously; comment is in response to protests film has attracted even before its world premiere; photo (S)/")('2006051', "Hofstra University defeats Providence College, 14-8, in first round of Division I men's lacrosse tournament (M)")('2006051', 'Every week, as I make my way eastward, I will be sharing travel tips, discussing the limits of ultra-discount airlines, exploring the concept of Slow Travel.')('2006051', 'In the old days, before Fed Ex and the Internet changed everything, it was crucial to have friends who traveled regularly around the country so they could pick up local specialties that would satisfy distant cravings.')('2006051', "The boom in real estate fed most state coffers. What will the slowdown do? Christopher Thornberg of the UCLA Anderson Report makes a prediction about California: In 2005 brokerage commission fees nationally tallied in at something close to $100 billion. California's share of this is probably at least 15%, or $15 billion or more. If [...]")('2006051', 'Janie Peel, a commercial real-estate broker in Appling County, Georgia, is fond of outhouses, the Associated Press tells us. She has three in her backyard. This illuminating site, which seems to belong to a dehydrated-food supplier in Idaho, gives perspective on outhouses from folks of yesteryear. Bonus: a discussion of chamber pots. Another enlightening site, [...]')('2006051', 'Is playing loud music an "act of assault?" Anyone who has ever had a noisy neighbor might well say yes. As did a Japanese court. It was widely reported in Asia last month that a 59-year-old woman in Heguri, Japan, was sentenced to a year in jail for tormenting her 65-year-old neighbor with loud music, [...]')('2006051', "So you looked at the NAR's statistics. Now look at this critique at Marginal Utility, an economics blog. Nationwide, the year-over-year increase in the median house price was 10.3 percent, indeed in the double digits. But take a look at the data (PDF). The appreciation is highly concentrated in the early part of last year; [...]")('2006051', "The National Association of Realtors has sales numbers for the first three months of the year and they show, to no one's surprise, that overall the number of sales is down about 2.1 percent. But not everywhere. It's declined in less than half the states. The biggest increase was in New Mexico, where existing-home sales [...]")('2006051', 'I found some of these Iraqi horoscopes buried in an Iraqi Web forum, compiled by an anonymous Iraqi writer. I took the liberty to translate them, edit a bit and add some of my own. A friend suggested calling them Iraqi "horrorscopes." Aries: Random shooting by the Iraqi National Guard kills one of your friends. [...]')('2006051', "Credit analysts at Standard & Poor's are getting skittish over Nasdaq Stock Market's debt-financed foray into London. Nasdaq has borrowed heavily in recent weeks to buy shares of the London Stock Exchange, which previouly rejected its $4.2 billion takeover offer. That debt, on top of the debt it incurred to buy electronic trading company Instinet [...]")('2006051', 'The sale of Univision may be providing a prime example of the conflicts inherent in private equity investing and investment banking. Reuters reported on Tuesday that Goldman Sachs had to drop out of the running for Univision, a Spanish-language broadcaster that put itself up for sale in February, because of conflicts with rival bidders. Goldman [...]')('2006051', 'As hedge funds like Jana Partners fire off scathing letters to boards of directors - see item below - a prominent law firm is offering some advice for companies on handling shareholder activists (which seem to be especially active these days). In a letter to clients, Andrew Brownstein and Trevor Norwitz of Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen [...]')('2006051', "Hedge funds are constantly writing unflattering letters to managers of the companies they invest in. But seldom do they mention marsupials. So we took special notice of Tuesday's colorful letter from hedge fund Jana Partners to the board of Houston Exploration, in which Jana continued to urge the oil and gas producer to buy back [...]")('2006051', "They say you can't compete with free. By that theory, Skype's latest business decision is bad news for Vonage, the telephone-over-Internet provider that is gearing up to stage an initial public offering, says hedge fund manager Andy Kessler. In a posting Tuesday on the GigaOM blog, Mr. Kessler takes note of Monday's announcement by Skype, [...]")('2006051', 'Faced with the recent defection of many of its top venture capital professionals, Invesco is offering raises, bonuses and stock to try to hold on to those who remain, according to Private Equity Week. Invesco did not comment for the article, which said some of the packages were worth more than $100,000. Six senior executives [...]')('2006051', "Um, that didn't work. If the collapse in President Bush's poll numbers is due to a drop in support by conservatives (which is pretty much unarguable) and if the conservative blogosphere is representative of Bush's conservative base as a whole (a much more debatable proposition), then Bush's Monday night speech on immigration may have the [...]")('2006051', 'Hamilton "Tony" James, the president of private equity giant Blackstone Group, said Tuesday that he expects to see more examples of buyout firms launching publicly traded funds, a move that Kohlberg Kravis Roberts recently made - in a big way - in Europe. Mr. James seemed to be speaking from personal experience: Earlier that same [...]')('2006051', "Sumner Redstone thinks broadcasting giant CBS is a growth stock. And he plans to be around to see it grow. Mr. Redstone's Viacom recently split off the network because Viacom had gotten too big, he told Marketplace, the business-oriented public-radio show, in an interview aired on Monday. So big that major successes at major divisions [...]")('2006051', "Ever have a song stuck in your head, but can't remember what it's called? A Web site guesses the song as you tap the Space bar in the rhythm of the melody.")('2006051', 'With four of its five hospitals in the Philadelphia market running negative operating margins, Tenet may decide to pull up stakes and sell its assets there, TheStreet.com reported on Tuesday. That is, if it can. Since Tenet entered the market with its $345 million purchase of the bankrupt Allegheny chain of hospitals in 1998, the [...]')('2006051', "Microsoft seems to be stepping up its acquisition activity, though its succession of bite-size deals has been easy to overlook. Blogger Paul Kedrosky lists 22 recent purchases, mostly of small companies. He points to an entry in a blog by Don Dodge, a Microsoft employee, who notes that a third of Microsoft's latest acquisitions were [...]")('2006051', "Construction company Caterpillar said Tuesday that it will acquire railroad car manufacturer Progress Rail in a deal valued at about $1 billion. Progress Rail's majority shareholder is One Equity Partners, a private equity arm of J.P. Morgan Chase. The deal consists of $800 million in cash and Caterpillar stock and the assumption of $200 million [...]")('2006051', '"It is a blue nation," writes Chris Bowers at MyDD.com, and he makes a map to prove it. Using state-by-state polling data from SurveyUSA, Bowers creates what he calls "solid estimates of the current red-blue geography" and maps them by state (Bush is below 50 percent approval in 47 of the 50 states) and by [...]')('2006051', "In response to Sunday's column about Asian-American academic success, a number of Indians and Pakistanis complained that I focused on East Asians and didn't talk about how smart they are. Sorry. It's certainly true that Indians are now ruining grade curves as well as East Asians, but that seems less surprising to me. The Indians [...]")('2006051', "It's been very busy lately, so my apologies for the lack of posts lately. But in particular, I wanted to say something about A.M. Rosenthal, the former Times executive editor. Abe died last week, and the funeral - an incredibly moving one - was Sunday. Abe hired me, back in 1984, and gave me my [...]")('2006051', "Bahrain investment group Investcorp on Monday said it will sell about 1 billion euros ($1.3 billion) of private equity holdings in two deals that testify to the strength of the secondary buyout market in continental Europe. In separate deals, Investcorp agreed to sell specialty chemicals producer Stahl Holdings to French private equity investor Wendel Investissement's [...]")('2006051', 'Taser International, the maker of stun guns, said yesterday that the Securities and Exchange Commission would not take any action against the company after completing an investigation into safety claims, accounting practices and issues related to trading of its stock. Go to Article from The New York Times »')('2006051', "Sweden's billionaire Wallenberg family raised its bid for the rest of Gambro, the world's largest seller of dialysis products, by 3.6 percent to 39.2 billion kronor ($5.4 billion) as its first try failed to win the backing of investors. Indap, a vehicle set up to make the offer for Investor, the family's holding company, and [...]")('2006051', "Korea will indict the chairman of Hyundai Motor on Tuesday in a cash-for-favors scandal, the Supreme Prosecutors' Office said. Chung Mong-Koo, 68, the chairman of the country's top automaker, was arrested in late April after a month-long investigation on allegations Hyundai Motor and its affiliates had created slush funds to offer cash for political favors [...]")('2006051', "Cynthia A. Glassman, who was appointed to the Securities and Exchange Commission in 2002, announced yesterday that she will step down sometime after her term expires in June. S.E.C. officials said they expect President Bush to name Glassman's replacement soon, possibly within days. Among the names being circulated is Kathy Casey, majority staff director for [...]")('2006051', 'CA, a large maker of software for mainframe computers, said yesterday that the chief financial officer, Robert W. Davis, would step down, becoming the third top executive to resign in a month. The controller, Robert G. Cirabisi, 42, will serve as interim chief financial officer until a successor is found, CA said yesterday. Mr. Davis [...]')('2006051', "BellSouth said yesterday that it had not shared customer calling records with the National Security Agency, denying a report last week that it was among three major telephone companies to have done so. BellSouth, the country's third-largest local phone company, said that after an internal review it had found no evidence that it had even [...]")('2006051', "Of the four name partners at America's most famous plaintiff firm, Lawrence Milberg seems to be in the most enviable position these days. And he's dead. For the other three whose names are on the shingle at Milberg Weiss Bershad & Schulman, things are looking increasingly sticky: Lawyers for the firm are trying to negotiate [...]")('2006051', 'The long-running patent dispute between eBay and MercExchange entered a new and, quite likely, still not final phase on Monday when the Supreme Court sent the case back to the lower federal courts. The justices told the lower courts to reconsider whether eBay – having been found by a jury to have infringed two MercExchange [...]')('2006051', 'Siguler Guff, a New York-based firm that has raised a number of funds of funds touting specialized investment strategies, has reeled in around $800 million so far for its second distressed debt fund of funds and is already marketing a new fund of funds, according to LBO Wire. The firm expects to wrap up fund-raising [...]')('2006051', 'Federal prosecutors and lawyers for the former investment banker Frank P. Quattrone are in talks that may avoid the need for a third trial of him on charges of obstruction of justice and witness tampering, according to a summary of a letter on the Federal District Court electronic filing system. A summary of a letter [...]')('2006051', "Kookmin Bank, South Korea's largest, is this week set to sign a contract to buy KEB from Lone Star, the U.S. private equity fund, on Friday following the end of an extended period for due diligence. But the sale process has been beset by accusations, investigations and diversions that are protracting, and perhaps threatening, the [...]")('2006051', 'Three-year-old Photobucket has bootstrapped its way to profitability by attracting more than 16 million users to its online photo hosting and publishing services. The company – which was named as one of the fastest growing Web sites last year by industry tracker Nielsen/Netratings – now plans to kick-start its growth with $10.5 million in fresh [...]')('2006051', 'The grim "Poseidon" opening of just $22.1 million claimed any number of victims, including director Wolfgang Petersen, the disaster film genre and distributor Warner Bros. But the film\'s single greatest casualty may be an obscure Wisconsin investment fund on the hook for half of "Poseidon\'s" $160-million budget and tens of millions more in marketing costs. [...]')('2006051', 'Nanosphere raised a $57 million fourth round to commercialize a nucleic-acid and protein-detection technology with potential to expand the use of biomarkers in disease diagnosis and treatment. New investor Bain Capital led the round, providing capital from its venture arm, Bain Capital Ventures, and its public-equities affiliate, Brookside Capital. New investor Allen & Co. and [...]')('2006051', 'Town Sports International Holdings, which operates 145 fitness clubs throughout the United States and Switzerland, set on Monday its planned initial public offering at 10 million shares at an estimated price of $16 to $18 per share. Go to Article from The Washington Post »')('2006051', "Shares of CACI International jumped 10 percent in trading in New York on Monday before pulling back as an article in the United Kingdom newspaper The Business reported that BAE Systems was interested in acquiring the military contractor. CACI is valued at about $2 billion on the Big Board. BAE, Britain's largest defense company, is [...]")('2006051', "Crystal River Capital on Monday reduced the offering size its pending initial public offering to $287.5 million from $460 million. The real estate investment company originally filed its I.P.O. on Dec. 12 to sell up to $460 million in common stock. The New York-based company didn't disclose the number of shares it plans to offer [...]")('2006051', "Rayong Refinery yesterday launched the roadshow for an initial public offering of up to $846 million. It hopes the equity offer will feed off the same strong investor interest in refineries evidenced by the sharp jump in the share price of India's Reliance Petroleum, which listed last week. The bookrunners could be in for a [...]")('2006051', "The Wall Street envy index is poised to rise, thanks to Evercore's planned I.P.O., Breakingviews predicted. The boutique M&A advisor opened its kimono for the first time as it filed for a public stock offering, revealing a fast-growing company enjoying the peak of its business cycle. As a result, its partners may see $30 million [...]")('2006051', 'The New York Stock Exchange and Bear Stearns traded harsh words on Monday after one of Bear\'s analysts labeled the Big Board\'s cost structure "bloated and inefficient" and pointed to high salaries as a main culprit. In a research report, Bear Stearns analyst Daniel Goldberg criticized the N.Y.S.E.\'s cost structure and said the $303,190 paid [...]')('2006051', 'How many boutique investment banks can the West Coast support? That was one of the key questions the founders of Pacific Growth Equities asked themselves in 1991 when they started the small firm. The answer, so it appears, was at least one more. Pacific Growth is on track to have one of its biggest years [...]')('2006051', "Macquarie Bank, Australia's biggest securities firm, said second-half profit fell for the first time in four years after its funds trailed stock benchmarks, cutting fee income. Net income dropped 22 percent to A$434 million ($331 million), or A$1.79 a share, in the six months to March 31 from A$556 million, or A$2.42, a year earlier, [...]")('2006051', 'Ametek on Monday bought PennEngineering Motion Technologies for about $64 million in cash. Penn makes highly engineered motors for use in the data storage, medical, electronic equipment, factory automation and aviation markets. It has annual sales of around $55 million. Go to Article from TheStreet.com »')('2006051', "And the bids keep on rising. Columbia Sussex raised its offer for a third time on Monday for Aztar, by $1 to $54 a share in cash, which the owner of Las Vegas' 34-acre Tropicana resort declared superior to a $51 cash-and-stock bid from Pinnacle Entertainment. The bid of $1.94 billion is higher than Columbia's [...]")('2006051', "Lukoil, Russia's biggest oil producer, agreed yesterday to buy Marathon Oil's exploration and production business in Western Siberia for $787 million. Marathon doubled oil output to more than 30,000 barrels a day since acquiring the assets about three years ago, the company, based in Houston, said yesterday in a statement. Go to Article from The [...]")('2006051', 'The New York Stock Exchange has asked the Securities and Exchange Commission for permission to scrap an exemption clause to its takeover rules. The exemption allows companies to bypass shareholder approval when selling a stake of more than 20 percent if the percentage barrier is only breached with the use treasury shares. Breakingviews sees the [...]')('2006051', 'Five would-be owners of The Philadelphia Inquirer and the Philadelphia Daily News have until 5 p.m. today to deliver signed bids for the newspapers. A sixth potential buyer, MediaNews Group, of Denver, is standing by a bid it submitted last month, according to The Inquirer. The seller, McClatchy, says it will announce the new owner [...]')('2006051', 'Grupo Televisa, the Mexican media group, is to face stiffer competition in its bid to acquire Univision, the biggest Spanish-language broadcaster in the U.S., after a rival group of potential buyers on Monday strengthened its consortium. Texas Pacific Group and Thomas H.Lee Partners, two private equity groups that had been considering a separate bid for [...]')('2006051', 'The chief executives of the New York Stock Exchange and Euronext have met face-to-face for the first time in a bid to hammer out a possible merger of the two exchanges, The Telegraph reported Tuesday. The meeting, which the British newspaper said took place late last week, was the first to be held between the [...]')('2006051', 'Federal officials reached a $10 million settlement yesterday with Lincare Holdings, the maker of home oxygen and other respiratory equipment, over accusations that Lincare paid kickbacks to doctors. Go to Article from The New York Times » Go to Article from ThStreet.com »')('2006051', 'Everyone seems to be talking about hedge funds these days. They were, quite literally, the "Talk of the Town" in this week\'s issue of The New Yorker magazine, in which James Surowiecki commented on how hedge funds have become the "favorite scapegoat for bad financial news." And on Tuesday afternoon, a subcommittee of the Senate [...]')('2006051', 'It is the season of Form 13F, that quarterly filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission that offers a look at where some of the biggest institutional money managers are putting their money (or cashing out). Berkshire Hathaway, the holding company run by legendary investor Warren Buffett, revealed on Monday that as of March 31, [...]')('2006051', "In this lesson, students will learn about and create models of the earth's layers, and then synthesize their learning by writing short stories about journeys to the center of the earth.")('2006051', 'Dr Shreyasee Amin of Mayo Clinic leads study on impact of estrogen on risk of hip fracture; research, which is published in American Journal of Medicine, finds that men with lowest levels of estrogen are three times as likely to sustain hip fractures as men with normal estrogen levels; men with low testosterone and estrogen were six times as likely to fracture hip (M)')('2006051', 'Elizabeth Grossman letter holds country is not prepared for more nuclear power plants and waste they generate (May 13 editorial)')('2006051', 'Argentine-born pianist and conductor Daniel Barenboim will begin five year collaboration with Teatro Alla Scala in Milan in 2007; deal does not foresee official contract between Barenboim and La Scala; photo (S)')('2006051', 'Bruce Dov Krulwich letter on aid to Palestinians says supporting terrorists will not lead to moderation of terror (May 11 Geoff D Porter Op-Ed article)')('2006051', 'Dr Jerry Frankel letter on May 9 Essay about personal medical records and information suggests that if all Americans were eligible for same medical care that people would not need to hide information from insurers')('2006051', "Photo of New York City's West Side Highway in 1982, where Hudson River Park now stands")('2006051', 'Letter from H James Quigley Jr of Center for Sustainable Energy, City University of New York, scores May 13 editorial calling for fresh look at nuclear power; contends sustainable solar and wind technologies are far cheaper and more secure; drawing')('2006051', 'Henry I Miller letter says critical advantage of nuclear power is its ability to power electric and hybrid automobiles with zero-carbon emissions (May 13 editorial)')('2006051', 'Q & A column discusses if titanium implants can interfere with results of or ability to undergo magnetic resonance imaging; drawing (M)')('2006051', 'Dr Pat Cason letter on tendency of doctors to become addicted to drugs says that anesthesiologists may be at heightened risk of addiction because of unintended exposure during surgery')('2006051', 'Michael Lakota letter says that May 13 editorial failed to mention that, in theory, spent fuel can be recycled into new fuel')('2006051', "Adwait Talathi letter says White House should learn from nation's history that secret surveillance of citizens without transparent processes and judicial oversight carries grave risk of political abuse (May 14 article)")('2006051', 'TIME TO INVEST IN NUCLEAR POWER?**Joseph Henry Vogel letter says new-found passion of Republicans for nuclear energy is really about privatization of benefits and socialization of costs (May 13 editorial)')('2006051', 'Rapper DMX is arrested at Heathrow Airport after refusing to fasten his seat belt and becoming abusive on American Airlines flight from New York; photo (S)')('2006051', "Letter from Nebraska Wesleyan University interim president Joe Gow comments on May 14 Nicholas D Kristof Op-Ed column about Asian-American children's tendency to excel in school")('2006051', 'Letter from nuclear physicist Gioietta Kuo says nuclear energy is the only possible replacement for fossil fuel, at least from cost standpoint (May 13 editorial)')('2006051', "Fakhruddin Ahmed letter agrees that filial respect, emphasis on education and hard work are keys to Asian-American children's success in school (May 14 Nicholas D Kristof Op-Ed column)")('2006051', 'Donald Scott letter, prompted by May 14 Nicholas Kristof Op-Ed column about why Asian-American students excel in school, offers suggestions to parents who want their children to succeed in school')('2006051', "NBC is third in ratings for Sunday night with series finale of The West Wing; ABC is No 1 with shows Desperate Housewives and Grey's Anatomy; photo (S)")('2006051', "Delta Air Lines is expanding further at Kennedy International Airport; will add 25 daily nonstop regional flights on its Delta Connection subsidiary between Kennedy and 14 domestic destinations, in two phases, in July and October; will have nearly doubled its domestic weekday flights at Kennedy, to 140 from 70 currently, by October; Smith Travel Research says US hotels reported 15.2 percent increase in average revenue per room during first week of May, compared with previous week; Moody's Investors analysis shows strong demand and rising rates are outpacing increase in room numbers this year in North America, Europe and Asia; Dallas Love Field, Memphis International and General Mitchell International, serving Milwaukee, have been certified by Transportation Security Administration as 'gateway airports'--meaning they meet tough security requirements for private jets to depart for Reagan Washington National Airport; WebFlyer.com poll shows more than 80 percent of those surveyed said frequent-flier rewards for most loyal customers have become worse since programs were introduced 25 years ago; Hudson News is spending $2.5 million to renovate its 7,500-square-foot newsstand at Kennedy International Airport Terminal 4; Air France announces $438 round-trip fare sale from various US cities to Paris, with connections available to 60 other cities in Europe and North Africa for extra $60; departures must be from Oct 15 through March 31, 2007; easyHotel plans to open chain of 35 no-frills center-city hotels in Middle East, North Africa, India and Pakistan in next five years (M)")('2006051', 'Dr Alan Feingold letter on May 9 Q & A column about parsley says that chlorophyll does not help bad breath')('2006051', 'Irwin Levine letter calls upon Democratic leadership to unite against tax cuts (May 12 article)')('2006051', 'John Scalise letter comments on inequities of tax cuts (May 12 article)')('2006051', 'Frank X White III letter says if America compromises values and democracy in form of permitting warrantless wiretapping, then there will be nothing worth defending (May 13 article)')('2006051', 'Prof Per F Peterson letter agrees that it is time for fresh look at nuclear power; calls for Congress to remove capacity cap on Yucca Mountain and make it repository for all spent fuel from existing plants and 100 or more new plants (May 13 editorial)')('2006051', "Diane P Burley letter on May 9 article about behavior of mothers in animal kingdom supports woman's right to choose how many children she wants to have; photo")('2006051', 'Selimah Nemoy letter on May 9 article about mothers in animal kingdom criticizes images that accompany story')('2006051', 'Dr Matthew Budoff of University of California, Los Angeles, leads study that finds people shown degree of plaque accumulation in own arteries are more likely to follow drug regimen suggested by doctor than those only told about blockage; research is published in journal Atherosclerosis; drawing (M)')('2006051', "Excerpts from Pres Bush's speech on immigration")('2006051', "Photo of Dallas Mavericks' win over San Antonio Spurs in Game 4 of second-round playoffs/")('2006051', "Ayad Rahim, far right, in a family portrait in Baghdad from 1970. As the newcomer to this blog, I'll first introduce myself. I was born in London to Iraqi parents. My father was doing his medical specialization, having graduated from Baghdad University, completed his military service and gotten married. A year after the birth of [...]")('2006051', 'Why did no one at Microsoft alert the bosses that they were headed for an iceberg in the Ultra Mobile PC? Turns out that the answer is about as old as humanity.')('2006051', "Greens sit in bins at the Union Square farmers' market New York.Monika Graff/Getty Images So which side of 14th Street should we shop on? The south side, where Whole Foods has planted the flag of industrial organic food, or across the street at the Union Square farmer's market? The last time I was in that [...]")('2006051', "When it comes to restaurants in New York (and, for that matter, the rest of this country), why do certain cuisines get primarily low-end treatment, while other cuisines draw the lion's share of attention at the high end?")('2006051', 'A series of acquisitions may be on the agenda for Office Depot, which said Wednesday it would buy privately held Allied Office Products for an undisclosed price. After the deal was announced, Citigroup research analyst Bill Sims said he believed it is likely to be "the first of many acquisitions to come over the next [...]')('2006051', 'Did Citigroup take a pass when Golden West Financial and its investment bankers came calling? Forbes.com reports that Citigroup was approached by the California-based mortgage lender before it agreed to be bought by Wachovia in a $26 billion deal. Though the article suggests that Citigroup could have bolstered its consumer presence by acquiring Golden West, [...]')('2006051', "CACI International could not stay quiet any longer. After two days of declining to comment, the defense contracting company reversed course on Wednesday and decided to address the rampant rumors of a possible takeover by Britain's BAE Systems. Not true, the company said in a press release: CACI is not and has not been in [...]")('2006051', "Law firm Pillsbury Winthrop Shaw Pittman on Wednesday announced a new managing partner for its New York operations. David Crichlow, a commercial litigator, will lead a four-member management committee overseeing the New York office, which has about 130 lawyers, the firm said. Mr. Crichlow's recent engagements include advising the official committee representing shareholders of Solutia [...]")('2006051', 'The stage has been set for a legal face-off between noted bankruptcy-lawyer-turned-investment-banker Harvey Miller and the creditors of Loral Space & Communications, a satellite company that recently reorganized under bankruptcy protection. TheDeal.com reports that a judge on Tuesday scheduled a June 7 hearing for opening arguments in the dispute, which has been called one of [...]')('2006051', 'It is hardly a secret that corporate mergers and alliances are back in fashion. But chief executives at smaller, privately held companies seem to be more excited about dealmaking in theory than in practice, a recent survey by PricewaterhouseCoopers suggests. The latest Trendsetter Barometer survey polled the opinions of chief executives at 339 privately held [...]')('2006051', 'Get out the cake and candles: Two important symbols of Wall Street are celebrating birthdays. The New York Stock Exchange, born from the signing of the Buttonwood Agreement in 1792, turned 214 years old on Wednesday - a milestone noted on CNBC Wednesday morning and picked up by Wall Street Folly. (CNBC anchor Mark Haines [...]')('2006051', "General Motors said on Wednesday it plans to restructure its corporate controller's office after a spate of accounting errors. The controller, Paul Schmidt, will retire later this year, and the chief accounting officer, Peter Bible, will resign effective June 1, G.M. said. Go to Article from Reuters » Go to Article from Associated Press » [...]")('2006051', 'Readers respond to Thomas Friedman\'s May 17 column, "Saying No to Bush\'s Yes Men" James Threadgill, Houston: In today\'s column, your last sentence reads, "What in the world was Bush thinking?" Where in the world did you get the idea he was capable of thinking? Geoff DiMeglio, San Francisco: While I wholeheartedly agree with your [...]')('2006051', "If you discover a security flaw in a company's computer system, and, good citizen that you are, you report it, you may wind up going to jail.")('2006051', 'In case you were wondering what former Citigroup chairman Sandy Weill and buyout veteran Thomas Lee were doing now that they are between jobs, the New York Social Diary Web site offers a partial answer - complete with party pics of not only Messrs. Weill and Lee, but also the still-employed Donald Trump, Martha Stewart, [...]')('2006051', 'The Mellon Financial Corporation, the financial services company that manages the Dreyfus group of mutual funds, said on Wednesday it would buy a Scottish equity investment company, Walter Scott & Partners, adding about $27 billion of assets under management. Go to Article from Reuters » Go to Article from Associated Press via Yahoo » Go [...]')('2006051', 'Two top Democrats in Maryland\'s legislature want the state\'s largest electric utility to produce information on the "golden parachutes and huge windfalls" they say are being offered to top executives as part of its proposed merger. Constellation Energy Group, the parent of Baltimore Gas and Electric, agreed in December to be acquired by FPL of [...]')('2006051', 'A casino operator, Sands Regent, said Wednesday it had agreed to be acquired by Herbst Gaming for about $148 million in cash, or $15 per share. Go to Article from Reuters » Go to Press Release from Herbst and Sands »')('2006051', 'The months-old debate over whether Al Gore or George Bush is the Newest Nixon had appeared to have finally ended, with an emerging, bipartisan consensus that Bush had won the face-off by turning his presidency into a fearsome amalgam of the worst elements of the Nixon and Carter administrations. But Gore surged in the Spartacus-like, [...]')('2006051', "VeriSign announced Wednesday that it would buy an e-commerce security provider, GeoTrust, for about $125 million in cash. VeriSign said the acquisition would give it access to 9,000 direct sellers in more than 140 countries. GeoTrust is based in Needham, Mass. The purchase of privately held GeoTrust is only the latest in VeriSign's buying spree. [...]")('2006051', "The owner of Wind, Italy's third-largest phone company, is planning an initial public offering that may net up to 2.5 billion euros ($3.2 billion), Bloomberg News reported Wednesday. Naguib Sawiris, the billionaire investor who controls the company, Wind, and is the chairman of Egypt's Orascom Telecom Holding, said in an interview that he plans to [...]")('2006051', 'Pitney Bowes said on Wednesday that it would sell its Capital Services external financing business to an affiliate of hedge fund Cerberus Capital Management for net proceeds of about $745 million. Pitney Bowes also said it reached a tentative settlement with the Internal Revenue Service on its outstanding tax audit issues. The company said it [...]')('2006051', 'Meme watch: At TPMCafe, Ruth Rosen notices the mainstreaming of the liberal meme, popular in blogland, that President Bush is turning the United States into a tyranny. She cites New York Times columnist Bob Herbert\'s Monday column as the latest evidence for this "frame change." Herbert writes, of various Bush administration practices, "This is a [...]')('2006051', 'Hedge funds\' recent fascination with Hollywood drew some skepticism in Wednesday\'s edition of the Washington Post, in which writer Steven Pearlstein suggests that hedge funds and private equity players are "about to create another bubble, this time in \'entertainment assets.\' " Mr. Pearlstein ticks off several examples in which hedge funds and other nontraditional financing [...]')('2006051', "Flush buyout giants yesterday turned their attention to Cendant's travel business, which includes popular Web sites Orbitz and CheapTickets.com, jumping into an auction that could end with a $4.5 billion deal, the New York Post reported. The firms that bid, including Bain Capital, Texas Pacific Group and Apollo Management, often snap up undervalued divisions of [...]")('2006051', "In their closing arguments on Tuesday, defense lawyers for former Enron chieftains Kenneth L. Lay and Jeffrey K. Skilling ripped into the government's case, accusing prosecutors of pushing at all costs to punish Enron's top two officers for the failure of a company that became synonymous with corporate malfeasance. Some of the wildest moments came [...]")('2006051', "President Alvaro Uribe said on Tuesday that the government would sell the country's largest state bank, Granbanco-Bancafé, with more than $3 billion in assets, in a public offering. Analysts have said the sale is one of the last opportunities for foreign banks to move into Colombia, the third-most-populous country in Latin America, where BBVA of [...]")('2006051', "The Securities and Exchange Commission charged the former chief executive of Infinium Labs with participating in a scheme to inflate the gaming system developer's stock price through junk faxes that made false claims about its prospects. Timothy Roberts, 36, was charged on Tuesday with hiring a stock promoter to send the faxes and reaping more [...]")('2006051', 'Nike said Tuesday it will likely take a charge in the fourth quarter after an arbitrator ruled that its Converse unit should pay $52.5 million in damages to a former Latin American licensee, Alon International. The athletic shoe maker did not disclose details of the ruling, citing confidentiality provisions in the arbitration rules. It added [...]')('2006051', 'Thomas J. Linsmeier, the chairman of the accounting department at Michigan State University, was named a member of the Financial Accounting Standards Board yesterday. He said he hoped to work on changing rules for lease accounting. Mr. Linsmeier, whose term will begin July 1, succeeds Katherine Schipper, who chose not to seek a second five-year [...]')('2006051', "The embezzlement charges levied yesterday against the chairman of the Hyundai Motor Company have drawn renewed attention to the economic power and political influence of South Korea's mighty industrial groups, or chaebol. Prosecutors cast the arrest as proof of their intention to crack down on the groups, which dominate South Korea's economy. But many also [...]")('2006051', 'New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer and Securities and Exchange Commission Chairman Christopher Cox met for the first time Tuesday to review securities-enforcement cases and strengthen cooperation between their offices. The two regulators wouldn\'t detail the cases they\'re working on but said they discussed some cases concerning mutual funds. "We have a number of cases [...]')('2006051', "Jim Kelly, who has been managing editor of Time magazine for more than five years and last week accepted Time's national magazine award for general excellence, is moving upstairs in the Time-Life hierarchy to the newly created position of managing editor for Time Inc., the company announced yesterday. His successor, who will become the 16th [...]")('2006051', 'Company shareholder meetings take place only once a year, and yet so many chief executive officers cannot seem to cope with being in a room with their investors for a few hours. So every year, companies resort to all sorts of tactics: running long videos, limiting questions, and simply making it harder to get there [...]')('2006051', 'Highland Capital Partners is expected to announce Wednesday that technology entrepreneur Peter Bell is joining the firm. Bell, the founder and former chairman of Storage Networks, a Waltham, Mass., software and tech service firm, will assume the role of venture partner at Highland, according to people familiar with the move. In that capacity, Bell will [...]')('2006051', "Madrona Venture Group of Seattle is venturing north of the border with an investment in PiXPO, a Victoria, B.C.-based company that helps consumers set up online channels to broadcast videos and other personalized digital media. Madrona's Matt McIlwain, who is leading the deal, said it is the first investment the firm has made in a [...]")('2006051', 'Guardium, a database security company, said Tuesday it added Cisco Systems to its list of investors. Waltham, Mass.-based Guardium did not divulge the amount of funding provided by San Jose-based Cisco, but said the total amount of the third round funding was $6.3 million. Leading the funding were Waltham, Mass.-based Cedar Fund and Boston-based Ascent [...]')('2006051', 'China banking shares listing in Hong Kong this year are expected to raise eyebrows for a few reasons. One is the sheer scale of offerings in the pipeline. Of the $30 billion in China-related shares to be sold on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange this year, about $25 billion is coming from banks. The premier [...]')('2006051', 'The Italian banks that own Borsa Italiana are to meet today to discuss whether to proceed with a long-planned initial public offering that some now fear may open the door to foreign control of the domestic stock and derivatives exchange. The Italian federation of listed companies, Assonime, which holds a 6 percent stake in the [...]')('2006051', 'So who should show up in my office earlier this week but one of my heroes, Dr. Shazia Khalid, and her wonderfully supportive husband, Khalid. I wrote about Dr. Shazia twice last year (July 31 and Aug. 2.) She was raped in a government-run compound in Pakistan, but then the authorities tried to shush it [...]')('2006051', 'Confusion over Norwegian investor Alexander Vik\'s intentions toward Vivendi mounted Wednesday as Vivendi said its "supervisory board and management board unanimously rejected a dismantling approach" from Mr. Vik\'s investment company, Sebastian Holdings. Several wire reports categorized the "approach" as a proposal to break up the French media and telecommunications conglomerate. Mr. Vik offered about 33.50 [...]')('2006051', "Credit Agricole, France's biggest retail bank by assets, said first-quarter profit increased 53 percent as rising stock markets lifted revenue from investment banking and asset management. Net income advanced to 1.39 billion euros ($1.8 billion) from 905 million euros in the year-earlier period, the Paris-based lender said in an e-mailed statement today. Profit beat the [...]")('2006051', 'Sometime next week, executives at the German media giant Bertelsmann expect to receive a letter from their sole outside shareholder, a Belgian investment firm, informing them that it wants Bertelsmann to prepare itself for an initial public offering, perhaps as soon as this year. That formal notification will bring to a head a debate that [...]')('2006051', 'Thomas Weisel, the San Francisco brokerage, is the latest Wall Street firm to charge a major client separately for stock research and trading. The company disclosed in an 10-Q filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission that it has "unbundled" its research and trading products - charging separate fees for trading execution and research - [...]')('2006051', "Macquarie Bank, Australia's largest investment bank, said on Wednesday it raised A$700 million (US$530 million) through a private placement to fund its rapid overseas expansion. The bank said it sold shares at A$66 each, a 2.7 percent discount to its last close of A$67.86. Trading in Macquarie shares was halted on Monday. Go to Article [...]")('2006051', 'Tom Alexander is quitting Virgin Mobile as chief executive in the wake of its agreement to be bought by cable giant NTL for almost 1 billion pounds ($1.9 billion). When Mr. Alexander leaves, he will scooped up more than 20 million pounds since he led the mobile business to the stock market two years ago. [...]')('2006051', "Less than a week after Britain's Competition Commission gave the all-clear for music and books distributor HMV Group to bid for rival bookseller Ottakar's, the target is advising shareholders to reject a new bid received from HMV. Ottakar's reluctantly accepted HMV's offer last summer after the bigger group bid 440 pence ($8.35) a share for [...]")('2006051', "Verizon, the country's second-largest phone company, said yesterday that it had not provided local phone records to the National Security Agency as part of efforts to compile a database of calling records to track terrorist activities. The announcement came the same day that BellSouth and AT&T were added to a $200 billion lawsuit against Verizon [...]")('2006051', 'The Bush administration, the Federal Reserve and Congress betrayed no sense of urgency Tuesday about the need for any beefed-up federal oversight over the booming hedge-fund business. Late on Tuesday evening, new Federal Reserve chief Ben Bernanke suggested that government oversight of hedge funds might create "moral hazard" where private investors would assume they would [...]')('2006051', "Shares of NCO Group rose 36 percent yesterday after the Horsham, Penn. company said its chief executive officer had made an $889 million offer to buy the business. The debt-collection company's lackluster earnings growth in recent years has weighed down the stock price, making it an attractive takeover candidate, especially given its ability to generate [...]")('2006051', "Richard Branson, the eccentric British billionaire whose businesses run the gamut from health clubs to airlines, is getting out of the business in which he first made his mark: music. Branson's Virgin Group is selling a 95 percent stake in its record label V2 Records to the investment bank Morgan Stanley for an undisclosed sum. [...]")('2006051', 'Investment bankers for McClatchy worked into the evening yesterday collecting bids for The Inquirer and Philadelphia Daily News. Bankers for Credit Suisse Securities allowed bidders to go past the original 5 p.m. target, as would-be owners of the two newspapers refined the last details of their letters of intent. Among the bidders are Mortimer B. [...]')('2006051', "Financial giant UBS has beaten British trading shop Man Group in a bidding war for Dutch bank ABN-Amro's futures and commodities trading business, according to The New York Post. UBS is expected to announce the acquisition as soon as next week and, while the exact price is still being negotiated, The Post said it will [...]")('2006051', "The French government broke no European Union rules in its efforts to create a national utility champion by promoting the merger of France's No. 2 utility, Suez, with its No. 4 operator, Gaz de France, the European Commission said Tuesday. The Commission had demanded that Paris explain its role in the proposed merger following complaints [...]")('2006051', "In a merry-go-round of mining bids, Xstrata made an unsolicited C$20 billion ($18 billion) bid for Canada's Falconbridge, exceeding an agreed offer from Inco, to create the world's fourth-largest mining company by sales. Xstrata and Inco are vying for Falconbridge after global metal prices rose to records on rising Chinese demand. Xstrata's offer follows Teck [...]")('2006051', 'The recording industry sued XM Satellite Radio on Tuesday over its new iPod-like device that can store up to 50 hours of music for a monthly fee. The federal lawsuit, filed in Manhattan by the largest record companies, accused XM Satellite of "massive wholesale infringement" because its $400 handheld Inno device could record hours of [...]')('2006051', "Randolph Lerner, the chairman of credit-card giant MBNA, plans to move into a two-bedroom penthouse in what many consider to be New York's most prestigious Park Avenue address. The New York Observer on Wednesday pegged Mr. Lerner as the buyer of the $27.5 million apartment, which is at 740 Park Avenue and was was once [...]")('2006051', "There is rampant speculation in the world's stock exchanges, and we are not talking about the price of the shares that trade on those exchanges. Instead, the speculation comes in the form of a theory - a tenuous theory, according to many observers - that global consolidation is a necessity for the world's largest stock-trading [...]")('2006051', 'In this lesson, students learn about President Bush\'s "middle ground" approach to issues of immigration reform presently under congressional consideration. They then take part in a roundtable discussion to articulate their own perspectives regarding these issues.')('2006051', "TV Watch column on Tony Snow's first televised White House press conference as polished performance by former Fox News anchor, with only minor snag; photo (M)")('2006051', 'Fred Whitridge letter says putting National Guard on border patrol is akin to putting on Band-Aid without seeking solution')('2006051', 'Mark Bittman The Minimalist column offers suggestions for preparing asparagus; photos; recipes (M)')('2006051', 'Bottlerocket Wine & Spirit and Moore Brothers Wine Company are two new small shops in Manhattan; photo (S)')('2006051', "ZGG, Russian-owned company that sells Gazprom's natural gas throughout Europe, says it intends to capture 10 percent of British market by 2010 as part of its strategy to push deeper into European gas sector; ZGG chairman Hans-Joachim Gornig says company intends to invest 2 billion to 3 billion euros, or $2.6 billion to $3.8 billion, in Europe over next several years; photo (M)")('2006051', 'Full Senate and House intelligence committees will be briefed for first time on details of domestic telephone surveillance program that White House has until now described only to few lawmakers (S)')('2006051', 'David Ward letter says Pres Bush is reaping maelstrom from both sides on immigration issue because he has exploited fear to manipulate people')('2006051', 'Jim Lemon, who played for Washington Senators and hit 164 home runs that earned him visit with fan named Dwight Eisenhower in 1956, dies at age 78 (S)')('2006051', 'Police Officer Hector Vargas is charged with sexually abusing his half-sister in Staten Island (S)')('2006051', 'Fairway opens 52,000-square-foot supermarket in Red Hook, Brooklyn; photos (S)')('2006051', 'Letter from UN Under Sec Gen Shashi Tharoor says UN represents best hope of stopping killings in Darfur, Sudan')('2006051', 'Letter from Ruth Kava, director of nutrition for American Council on Science and Health, says children must be educated about making proper food choices, not just about rejecting one fast food restaurant for another (May 10 article)')('2006051', 'New York Yankees outfielder Hideki Matsui says he plans to return this season from wrist injury (M)')('2006051', "Dan Carsen letter lauds Pres Bush's approach to immigration issue")('2006051', "Brooklyn Bridge Park Defense Fund files lawsuit to block new park on Brooklyn's waterfront that would include luxury housing to help subsidize cost; seeks to reinstate former plan that did not include housing and require analysis of impact of development on new park (S)")('2006051', 'Manohla Dargis and A O Scott Cannes Journal article on offerings at Cannes Film Festival; holds that while Hollywood may sometimes dominate media attention, festival is still venue to see best works from established and emerging filmmakers from all over world; photo (M)')('2006051', 'Bill Sipple letter says Pres Bush has chosen to tinker with immigration problem but not fix it')('2006051', 'Cy Shain letter says that in attempt to straddle both sides of immigration debate, Pres Bush fails to please either; calls for guest worker program and path to citizenship for illegals')('2006051', 'Letter from Ed Bolen of National Business Aviation Assn explains says vast majority of business aviation fleet is owned by small and midsize businesses and flights are strictly for business purposes')('2006051', 'Profile of chef Iacopo Falai, who offers recipe for celery pudding cake as served at his Manhattan restaurant Falai; photos (M)')('2006051', "Letter from Lavinia Limon of US Committee for Refugees and Immigrants lauds Pres Bush's approach to immigration issue, saying allowing illegals to be recognized before the law is not amnesty but opportunity for them to come out of shadows")('2006051', 'National Football Foundation and College Hall of Fame elects 13 players and coaches (S)')('2006051', "ABC wins ratings for Monday night with season finale of Grey's Anatomy (S)")('2006051', 'Nicholas F Gmur points out dangers of misusing lasers as described in May 10 article about using science in mixing drinks')('2006051', 'Community Board 1 Chairwoman Julie Memin, who is also a director of World Trade Center Memorial Foundation, objects to suspension of fundraising for project until clearer idea for cost and design and museum are established; photo (S)')('2006051', 'Autopsy is performed on body found in East River in New York City, which is thought to be that of Richard Ng, missing Columbia University student (S)')('2006051', 'City Parks Foundation announces lineup for 21st annual SummerStage series in Central Park; list of performers; photo (S)')('2006051', "Stefan Ekernas letter says if Pres Bush is serious about stopping illegal immigrants he should devote himself to developing Mexico's economy")('2006051', 'Kalijira rice is heirloom brown rice from India that has small grain and cooks more quickly than traditional brown rice; photo (S)')('2006051', 'James Stanley letter says that sending National Guard to Mexican border seems sensible as interim measure')('2006051', 'James Stanley letter says that sending National Guard to Mexican border seems sensible as interim measure')('2006051', 'I was very pleased to see last week how many readers understood where I was coming from in using the example of the "Welcome to the A.D.D. Family" seminar to explore the phenomenon of disorder becoming identity. Clearly, this is an issue that has caught the attention of many others, and I was glad to [...]')('2006051', 'So what happens after the home-buying frenzy finally ends? Why, of course, the home-remodeling frenzy begins! At least that\'s what the National Association of Home Builders is suggesting will happen in its first-quarter report today on remodeling activity. "The remodeling spending associated with purchasing a home usually lags behind," says David Seiders, the association\'s chief [...]')('2006051', "Even though the real estate market is cooling, homeownership remains out of reach for a number of households, especially as mortgage rates have edged up. But home buyers in Indianapolis may have a leg up on the rest of the country. For the third consecutive quarter it was found to be the nation's most affordable [...]")('2006051', "Be warned: the following item is a bit confusing, but we promise there is a point. It turns out that a research analyst from Morgan Stanley has offered his take on Merrill Lynch C.E.O. Stan O'Neal's take on the securities firm's acquisition strategy. And then MarketWatch wrote a report on the analyst's report. Which we [...]")('2006051', 'He is not saying that SAP is in talks to be acquired - in fact, he took pains to say it was not - but it it were, SAP co-founder Hasso Plattner sees only three logical acquirers for the German business-software giant. The three possibilities are IBM, Microsoft and Google, Mr. Plattner said in an [...]')('2006051', 'Bob Dylan, flanked by the two wines he inspired: Visions of J, left, and Planet Waves. (Photo: center, Associated Press) Have you heard "Theme Time Radio Hour,\'\' Bob Dylan\'s weekly music show on XM satellite radio? It\'s a trove of largely forgotten popular music spliced with the droll observations of Bob himself. Each show is [...]')('2006051', "What are hedge funds up to these days? Perhaps a better question is, what aren't they up to? Three news articles - all of them published Thursday - suggest that coffee futures, distressed debt and initial public offerings are hedge funds' obsession of the moment. Earlier in the week, we learned (again) that hedge funds [...]")('2006051', 'Readers respond to Bob Herbert\'s May 18 column, "Hillary Can Run, but Can She Win?" Irwin Eisinger, Williamsburg, Va.: I have been a Democrat all my life, and usually agree with your views. However, you are way too optimistic about the chances for Hillary to be elected president. About half the Democrats I know will [...]')('2006051', 'Readers respond to David Brooks\'s May 18 column, "Sir Galahad of the G.O.P." Scott Laugenour, Lenox, Mass.: The fear that Republican politicians trudging through those bleak subterranean corridors feel is the fear that the coalition of big business and social conservations - always a rather abnormal one - is disappearing rapidly. It has been this [...]')('2006051', "The recent tussle at France's Vivendi may be part of a larger trend, according to BusinessWeek's Steve Rosenbush. It involves big media companies, especially those of the conglomerate variety, and private equity funds that hope to shake some value loose from them. Vivendi said earlier this week that it rejected a shareholder's proposal to break [...]")('2006051', '"Many articles in the past few days have mentioned that last Friday saw 10 new I.P.O. filings, a daily number not seen since March of 2000," notes the Ticker Sense blog. But the blog, published by stock market research firm Birinyi Associates, makes a convincing case that the 10-I.P.O. Friday was a fluke. It offers [...]')('2006051', 'Three executives who recently left Invesco Private Capital have launched a new firm, Vedanta Capital, as noted in a brief mention by PE Week Wire. According to Vedanta\'s press release, the firm "initially will focus on venture investments but anticipates a wider array of global venture capital and private equity activities." Vedanta\'s three founders, Parag [...]')('2006051', "As lawmakers on Thursday prepared to grill the man who may be the next director of the Central Intelligence Agency, the C.I.A.'s venture capital activities were stirring up a debate of their own. As New York Post columnist Chris Byron tells it, In-Q-Tel, the C.I.A.-funded venture firm, is a stumbling, bumbling mess of an operation. [...]")('2006051', 'OK, we all know that Mac fans consider the Mac OS a work of art. But really - oil on canvas?')('2006051', 'Political analysts have written a great deal about the tension between the online "netroots" and the Washington establishment in the Democratic Party, but it\'s sometimes forgotten, after more than six years of largely base-friendly policies from President Bush and the Republican Congress, that the same tension can exist in the Republican Party. The immigration debate [...]')('2006051', 'Shareholders of the Topps Company, the maker of baseball trading cards and Bazooka bubble gum, said on Thursday said they had filed a proxy statement to elect three of their own nominees to the board of directors. Go to Article from Reuters » Go to Press Release from Shareholder Group »')('2006051', 'Euronext confirmed in a statement Thursday that discussions with several suitors are progressing and said that it will announce its options for a "transformational combination" at its shareholder meeting May 23. Deutsche Börse has been angling for its Dutch counterpart since December, though Euronext has also held talks with the New York Stock Exchange and [...]')('2006051', 'Italian eyewear group Luxottica said on Thursday it was considering the acquisition of one of Canada\'s leading optical chains, which has 75 stores. "We plan to make the stores part of our Pearle Vision chain, increasing the size and reach of Pearle Vision," a spokesman said, referring to comments made by the chief executive, Andrea [...]')('2006051', 'TransMontaigne, an oil products marketing company, said on Thursday it was evaluating a new, higher takeover bid from Morgan Stanley. The investment bank is offering $11 a share in cash, exceeding an offer from pipelines partnership SemGroup of $10.75 a share. The latest proposal is well above the $8.50 per share that Morgan Stanley originally [...]')('2006051', "Shareholders of J.P. Morgan Chase have taken a stand on the issue of executive compensation, according to an article recently picked up by the Under the Counter blog. Flouting the recommendation of J.P. Morgan's board, the shareholders at Tuesday's annual meeting narrowly approved a resolution calling for the firm to link vesting of restricted stock [...]")('2006051', 'A British security technology company, TRL Electronics Plc, has agreed to be taken over by the L-3 Communications Corporation in a deal that values it at about 89.7 million pounds ($169.4 million). Go to Article from Reuters » Go to Press Release from L-3 »')('2006051', "George H. Walker, who until Wednesday was Goldman Sachs's head of alternative investment strategies, has jumped to Lehman Brothers to lead its asset management division, The Wall Street Journal reported Thursday. Lehman's attempts to woo Mr. Walker, a 14-year Goldman veteran and a second cousin to President George W. Bush, had previously been reported in [...]")('2006051', '"The DaVinci Code" is getting panned, and Ross Douthat, an associate editor at The Atlantic, says at his blog, The American Scene, that screenwriter Akiva Goldsman is to blame: Goldsman is "the screenwriter responsible for, among other mediocrities, \'Batman Forever,\' \'Lost in Space,\' \'Batman and Robin,\' and \'I, Robot,\'" Douthat writes. "He\'s been Ron Howard\'s [...]')('2006051', 'A money manager accused of defrauding investors including several former professional football players was arrested Wednesday in Miami by the Federal Bureau of Investigation and local police. The Wall Street Journal reported that Kirk Wright, who was the head of hedge fund International Management Associates, was found at a hotel with more than $28,000 in [...]')('2006051', 'International Business Machines said on Thursday it had agreed to buy a Swiss software company, Rembo Technology, which helps organizations automatically install or upgrade operating systems on computer servers. Terms were not disclosed. Go to Article from Reuters » Go to Article from Associated Press via Yahoo » Go to Press Release from I.B.M. »')('2006051', 'China lifted a yearlong ban on initial public offerings in its mainland exchanges Thursday, as both its mainland and Shanghai markets posted gains far above their international counterparts. The China Security Regulatory Commission Web site said it will accept I.P.O. applications starting Thursday. The government banned new share sales in February 2005 to halt a [...]')('2006051', "LONDON, May 18 - Blackstone Group, the giant private equity firm, is starting an operation in the core business of investment banks: merger advice. The group has hired John Studzinski, a high-profile banker who was growing the HSBC Group's investment banking business, to expand its own corporate advisory work, according to two executives involved in [...]")('2006051', "Sixteen protesters were arrested outside Halliburton's annual meeting in Duncan, Okla., on Thursday after trying to leave the area partitioned off for demonstrators. They were attempting to enter the building where shareholders were meeting to ask questions of company executives. Halliburton's chairman and chief executive, David Lesar, said he respected the protesters' First Amendment right [...]")('2006051', 'Hollinger International, publisher of the Chicago Sun-Times, said on Wednesday it has agreed to sell as much as $11 million of its stake in certain portfolio investments, including its Hollinger Digital unit, to two investment funds. Hollinger said it is selling the investments, which span a number of industries with a focus on technology, to [...]')('2006051', 'The Vitesse Semiconductor Corporation fired its chief executive, Louis R. Tomasetta, and two other executives and expanded an inquiry into stock-option grants to include how revenue is recorded. The chief financial officer, Yatin Mody, and Eugene F. Hovanec, executive vice president, were also fired, Vitesse, based in Camarillo, Calif., said yesterday in a statement. All [...]')('2006051', "Antitrust officials have raided the offices of some of Europe's largest gas companies as part of an investigation of the energy sector, the European Commission said Wednesday. Receiving surprise visits on Tuesday were Gaz de France, E.On Ruhrgas and RWE of Germany, Distrigas and Fluxys of Belgium and OMV of Austria. Go to Article from [...]")('2006051', 'Four years into what has become the longest bull market in the brief, turbulent history of investing in emerging markets, investors from hedge funds to mutual funds to public and private pension funds have shown a willingness to take on increased levels of risk in developing markets. Benchmark stocks in the largest markets – like [...]')('2006051', 'A federal judge approved a two-year extension of court supervision for Microsoft yesterday, in an effort to ensure that the company meets the terms of its antitrust settlement. Judge Colleen Kollar-Kotelly said in Federal District Court in Washington that the move was necessary because of "disappointing" progress by Microsoft in helping rival software makers link [...]')('2006051', 'A federal judge rejected a request from AT&T on Wednesday to kick the public out of a hearing in a lawsuit alleging the telecommunications company illegally cooperated with the National Security Agency. Judge Vaughn R. Walker also rejected an AT&T request to force the plaintiffs to return the documents. Justice Department lawyers argued that the [...]')('2006051', 'Granite Broadcasting filed suit Wednesday over plans to merge the WB and UPN television networks, which left the TV station group\'s WB affiliates in Detroit and San Francisco "orphans" and led to the termination of agreements to sell the affiliates in both cities. The suit, filed in the Delaware Court of Chancery, names various units [...]')('2006051', 'The Securities and Exchange Commission moved yesterday to make audit rules that have angered many companies easier and less expensive to apply. But despite political pressure, the commission said smaller companies would eventually have to comply with rules governing their internal controls. The commission also indicated that it would take at least two years to [...]')('2006051', "Jurors in the criminal fraud trial of Enron's former chief executives, Jeffrey K. Skilling and Kenneth L. Lay, began their deliberations on Wednesday after a federal prosecutor hit back at assertions by defense lawyers that the government had coerced witnesses to fabricate testimony. Sean M. Berkowitz, the director of the Justice Department's Enron task force, [...]")('2006051', "Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers said Wednesday that Thomas Monath, M.D., will join the firm as a partner next month. Monath will work on investments made by the venture firm's new $200 million pandemic preparedness and biodefense fund. Kleiner Perkins Partner John Doerr said at a recent Silicon Valley gathering that the new fund's portfolio [...]")('2006051', 'KPS Special Situations Funds has snatched up its third troubled auto parts company in about nine months: engine timing systems supplier Cloyes Gear and Products. LaSalle Business Credit provided the financing. Cloyes, based in Ft. Smith Ark., began looking for outside capital about nine months ago when lenders Keybanc Capital Markets, LaSalle Bank N.A. and [...]')('2006051', "The gambling subsidiary of Morgan Stanley has acquired 20 acres on the Boardwalk to develop what will be Atlantic City's 13th casino. The Wall Street firm confirmed it paid about $74 million for the land, which had been controlled by a group of developers and the Atlantic City Housing Authority. A Morgan Stanley official said [...]")('2006051', "It seems that more and more banking executives are fleeing their jobs for the (even more) lucrative world of private equity. In the latest examples of the this trend, John Studzinski, the executive who helped build up HSBC's investment banking operations, is planning to leave the world's third-largest bank to take up a senior role [...]")('2006051', "MacroGenics, one of the Washington area's most promising private biotech firms, has raised $45 million in a third round of financing to fund its pipeline of drug products. The Rockville, Md.-based company has raised a total of about $106 million since it was founded in 2000. New investors include Ventures West, a Canadian venture capital [...]")('2006051', 'Angle Technology Ventures is creating a new imaging software company called Kaloptics with technology from New York University. The venture capital firm licenses technology from research institutions, as it did from N.Y.U. for Kaloptics, and typically invests from $500,000 to $2 million to create a company that commercializes the research. Go to Article from Washington [...]')('2006051', "American Airlines' parent, AMR, priced about 15 million shares at $26.80 a share. The company said earlier Tuesday that it would price $400 million in newly issued stock to raise funds for general corporate purposes. AMR expects to issue the shares on Friday. The Fort Worth-based company also will allow the underwriter of the offering [...]")('2006051', "Private equity-backed companies often come to the market with plenty of baggage, but that doesn't mean investors should always take flight, CNN Money says. Private equity investors are notorious for loading the businesses they invest in with debt and pocketing rich rewards by taking these companies public. With an eye on the heavy debt burdens [...]")('2006051', "If you thought that the recent volatility in global stock markets would make investors more cautious about committing money to new untested names seeking a listing – perhaps with the exception of Bank of China's giant offering - think again. When Tianjin Port Development closed its initial public offering yesterday, retail investors had ordered close [...]")('2006051', "The final piece of the merger that created wireless carrier Sprint Nextel last summer falls into place today when its local wireline business, renamed Embarq, begins trading as a separate company. Embarq will be the country's fifth-largest local phone provider, behind Baby Bells Verizon Communications, AT&T, BellSouth and Qwest Communications. It will have 7.26 million [...]")('2006051', "The quality of several technology companies that have recently filed for I.P.O.s has Fortune wondering if we're back in a tech bubble after all. Of six prominent tech I.P.O.s in registration right now – Vonage, Riverbed Technology, Clearwire, Alien, GoDaddy and DivX – just one, DivX, is profitable. Perhaps because of high-quality I.P.O.s from profitable [...]")('2006051', "Hundreds of people waited in long lines Thursday to pick up applications to buy shares in Bank of China, whose $9.9 billion initial public offering next month in Hong Kong is expected to be the world's biggest this year. The bank, China's second-largest lender, was offering to local investors 1.28 billion shares priced at between [...]")('2006051', "Societe Generale, France's third- largest bank, said first-quarter profit climbed 20 percent, boosted by record revenue from equity trading and underwriting and an increase in earnings from domestic consumer banking. Net income rose to 1.47 billion euro ($1.87 billion) from 1.23 billion euros in the same period a year earlier, the Paris- based bank said [...]")('2006051', "Evolution Securities and BNP Paribas failed to persuade a single U.K. investor to sign up for shares in yesterday's initial public offering of the first British investment bank to comply with Islamic financial law. The failure will compound the brokers' embarrassment about the European Islamic Investment Bank's London float as its shares slumped 38 percent [...]")('2006051', "Was the former head of Walt Disney, Michael Eisner, the real roadblock to Pixar being acquired by Disney? That is the gist of what newly crowned Disney animation head John Lasseter is saying to Fortune magazine. Mr. Lasseter, who once got fired by Disney and was head of Pixar's animation business during negotiations for the [...]")('2006051', 'Fast-food giant Burger King Holdings priced its initial public offering at $17 per share late Wednesday, the top of the expected $15 to $17 range. Funds from the $425 million I.P.O. - one of the largest ever for a restaurant - will go toward paying down debt at the No. 2 hamburger chain in the [...]')('2006051', "Mittal Steel launched its hostile takeover offer for rival Arcelor on Thursday, giving Arcelor shareholders the chance to determine its future after a months-long war of words between the steelmakers. Mittal, the world's largest steel group by volume, is offering about 18 billion euros ($23.2 billion) of cash and its own shares for Arcelor, the [...]")('2006051', "The health insurer UnitedHealth Group said yesterday that it had received a subpoena from the United States attorney's office for the Southern District of New York, requesting documents from 1999 relating to the granting of stock options. The company also said it had received a request from the Internal Revenue Service for documents from 2003 [...]")('2006051', 'Morgan Stanley on Wednesday moved to strengthen its energy investment banking team, moving one of its top bankers to Houston from New York and hiring two more amid a dealmaking boom brought on by high commodity prices. In an internal memorandum obtained by the Financial Times, Morgan Stanley said that Thomas Langford, who last year [...]')('2006051', "A federal investigation of Deutsche Bank's role in questionable tax shelters has widened to include a broader array of shelters than previously known, according to people briefed on the inquiry. Deutsche Bank, Germany's largest bank, has been under investigation as an outgrowth of the criminal inquiry into the accounting firm KPMG, but the investigation has [...]")('2006051', 'A reclusive Edinburgh fund manager with a passion for Georgian architecture has banked an estimated 150 million pounds ($283 million) after selling his business to the U.S. firm Mellon Financial yesterday. Walter Scott, who is best known in the Scottish capital for buying and painstakingly restoring the magnificent piles in Charlotte Square, has baled out [...]')('2006051', "In potentially the largest acquisition ever undertaken in Malaysia, MMC announced on Wednesday that it will pay M$9.3 billion ($2.6 billion) to buy Malaysia's biggest independent power producer, Malakoff. The investment holding company plans to also assume Malakoff's debt so that makes the cost of the deal roughly M$16.8 billion. Go to Article from FinanceAsia [...]")('2006051', 'Shareholders of Seagate Technology and Maxtor have approved the merger of the two hard-drive makers, and the all-stock transaction is now expected to close within two or three days, the companies said Wednesday. The acquisition by Seagate was announced in December and was valued at about $1.9 billion. Maxtor shareholders will get 0.37 shares of [...]')('2006051', "Daikin Industries said it may buy OYL Industries from Malaysian billionaire Quek Leng Chan, making it the world's second-largest air-conditioner maker. The Japanese company will sign an agreement today to buy OYL for about 230 billion yen ($2.1 billion), the Nihon Keizai newspaper reported earlier. Go to Article from Bloomberg News »")('2006051', "A group of U.S. investors led by Carl Icahn and Warren Lichtenstein said on Thursday it has again raised its stake in KT&G, the latest move in its bid to shake up and take control of South Korea's top tobacco maker. The Icahn group said in a filing to South Korea's financial regulator it had [...]")('2006051', "Falconbridge last night vowed to stave off Xstrata's hostile C$20 billion takeover bid and instead pursue a proposed white-knight merger with Inco, its Canadian peer. But nervous Falconbridge investors, unsettled by the regulatory concerns surrounding Inco's cash-and-share offer, are likely to consider closely Xstrata's relatively uncomplicated cash bid. Go to Article from The Times of [...]")('2006051', "A common tax treatment for the sale of subsidiaries may boost the price buyers are willing to pay for Pfizer's over-the-counter medicines and consumer brands high enough to persuade the pharmaceutical giant to sell the business rather than spin it off, according to The Daily Deal. Pfizer has been weighing a spin-off that would value [...]")('2006051', "Warren E. Buffett, the multibillionaire investor, put up $4 billion to buy 80 percent of the Iscar Metalworking Company without bothering to visit its hilltop headquarters in the isolated Galilee region of northern Israel. But his presence has been felt throughout the whole country. Mr. Buffett's investment, his first purchase outside the United States, has [...]")('2006051', 'In a nod to fashion magazines\' endless stream of what\'s-hot-what\'s-not lists for summer, MarketWatch\'s David Weidner has compiled his own list - for Wall Street. Earning a spot on Mr. Weidner\'s "in" list are big pay packages and working weekends. His "out" list includes New York attorney general Eliot Spitzer and United States antitrust regulators. [...]')('2006051', "Jurors began deliberations on Wednesday in the criminal trial of Jeffrey Skilling and Kenneth Lay, the two former chief executives of Enron accused of deceiving investors as the energy company collapsed. With the courtroom arguments ended, The Wall Street Journal's Law Blog polled its readers on what they thought the trial's outcome would be - [...]")('2006051', 'In this lesson, students research and debate the positive and negative aspects of expanding nuclear resources, biotechnology, and nanotechnology in the future.')('2006051', "Photo of San Antonio Spurs' win over Dallas Mavericks in Game 5 of second-round playoff series")('2006051', "Harlem Hospital, part of New York City's Health and Hospitals Corp, agrees to pay $2.3 million to federal government for double-billing Medicare for services provided from 1992 to 2001 (S)")('2006051', "Unclothed body of woman is discovered in garbage pail on roof of Bronx building; death is ruled homicide when autopsy reveals stab wounds to woman's neck (S)")('2006051', 'New York Yankees defeat Texas Rangers, 4-3; photos (M)')('2006051', 'Woman is killed in early morning house fire in Edison, NJ (S)')('2006051', 'Fox wins ratings for Tuesday night with hit shows American Idol and House (S)')('2006051', "Red Hot Chili Peppers take No 1 spot on Billboard charts with double album Stadium Arcadium, selling 442,000 copies; Nick Lachey's album What's Left of Me takes No 2 spot, selling 172,000; photo (S)")('2006051', 'Operators of Roosevelt Island Tramway in New York City say repairs and improvements will probably take 10 to 12 weeks; tram broke down in April, stranding dozens of people for hours (S)')('2006051', 'Personal Shopper Column on chic outdoor umbrellas for beach or patio; photos (M)')('2006051', 'Judge instructs Blenheim LLC, landlord feuding with tenant, Del Posto restaurant in Manhattan, to allow restaurant to continue operating while case moves on; Blenheim is seeking eviction of restaurant for installing equipment in space not covered in lease; photo (S)')('2006051', 'Three-wheeled shopping cart makes it easier to negotiate stairs; photo (S)')('2006051', 'Photo of Barcelona win over Arsenal in European Champions League final')('2006051', 'Gerard J Fitzpatrick letter in tribute to his old Toyota Camry, now driven by son who was three months old when car was bought, in 1985')('2006051', 'International Contemporary Furniture Fair at Jacob K Javits Convention Center in New York City will showcase new American designs and exhibitors from 31 other countries; photos (S)')('2006051', "Lucia Zeffirelli letter on public reaction to Pres Bush's policies says fundamental problem is that Americans believe their country always does what's right even when it does not")('2006051', 'Interior designs for Chinatown Brasserie in New York City include entrance with bridge over water and moongate framing diorama of Chinese garden leading to private dining; photos (S)')('2006051', 'Carl Mezoff letter says one need not be xenophobe to be concerned about uncontrolled immigration')('2006051', 'Lucretia Moroni, textile and interior designer, lightens up common areas of landmark 1902 Beaux Arts apartment building in New York City; photos (S)')('2006051', 'Joan Arias letter on cynicism of Democrats who wonder if it is in their best interest to win control of Congress this year')('2006051', "Deborah Kadin letter asks where outrage is over Pres Bush's policies")('2006051', 'Nick Costantino letter supports Pres Bush on immigration reform')('2006051', 'Zach Orenczak, climbing guide and author, tests portable gadgets that can help novice rock climbers build grip and forearm endurance; photos (M)')('2006051', "Burton Albert letter wonders if Pres Bush will use 'signing statement' to negate provisions of immigration bill he does not like")('2006051', 'Correction on May 10 table showing results of municipal elections in Newark')('2006051', "Paul Panza letter says Bush administration has sullied nation's principles and reputation to such an extent that will take visionary to repair damage")('2006051', 'Doug Weaver letter on fearmongers in Bush administration says culprit is overwhelming sense of entitlement that American have')('2006051', 'Frank Beck letter in tribute to late poet Stanley Kunitz')('2006051', 'San Antonio Spurs defeat Dallas Mavericks, 98-97; Dallas leads second-round playoff series, 3-2; photo (M)')('2006051', "Federal Elections Commission says US Senate campaign of Ned Lamont in Connecticut failed to meet deadline for filing fund-raising report before state's Democratic nominating convention (S)")('2006051', 'Photo of man waiting for opportunity to sell flowers to drivers along road near Kennedy Airport')('2006051', 'Photo of firefighters putting out three-alarm fire at apartment building in Long Island City, Queens')('2006051', "Scott Ketner letter on Bob Herbert's May 15 column finds it difficult to understand how about one-third of Americans approve of Pres Bush's performance in office")('2006051', "Photos of decommissioned aircraft carrier Oriskany being sunk off Pensacola, Fla, where it will become world's largest manmade reef")('2006051', 'Abe Zelmanowicz, former owner of two Bronx nursing homes, is charged with illegally billing Medicaid for services; Atty Gen Eliot Spitzer also files civil lawsuit against him seeking more than $12 million (S)')('2006051', 'Case 1 : My name is Kid. I\'m a student at a computer engineering university. This was the final question on our C++ programming exam last month: Show the results for the following program : Cmpstr "Omar" , "Ali"if (cmpstr = 1) writeln ("/n Ali") else writeln ("/n Omar"); The program compares string lengths for [...]')('2006051', 'Trebach Realty in Riverdale, the Bronx, gave the history of the house bought by newlyweds Debora Barrett and Gordon Allen: Built around 1930, the five-bedroom, three-bathroom house sold in August 1992 for $480,000 and again in November 2005 for $900,000. That buyer renovated and listed it four months later for $1.3 million. The Allens bought [...]')('2006051', 'The casino operator Aztar said on Friday it has agreed to be acquired by the Columbia Sussex Corporation for $54 a share in cash and has terminated its merger agreement with Pinnacle Entertainment. Aztar said it has paid termination fees to Pinnacle totaling $78 million. Go to Article from Reuters via Yahoo » Go to [...]')('2006051', 'The shelves of bookstores are groaning under the weight of new volumes about food.')('2006051', "American Real Estate Partners, the real estate investment trust run by Carl C. Icahn, said Friday that some of its indirect subsidiaries have acquired a hotel and casino in Laughlin, Nev., and about 7.7 acres in Atlantic City, N.J., from Harrah's Entertainment for about $170 million. Atlantic City is familiar - but not particularly lucky [...]")('2006051', "Shares in Foot Locker, the athletic shoe retailer, rose as much as 14 percent on Friday, lifted by two bullish brokers' notes predicting stronger sales and profitability later this year. The company reported solid quarterly results on Wednesday. Go to Article from The Associated Press via Yahoo » Investors may also have been reacting to [...]")('2006051', 'J.P. Morgan Chase has recruited Neil Sherman, a veteran of Lehman Brothers, to advise hedge funds for its investment banking group. At Lehman, Mr. Sherman had most recently been co-head of global prime brokerage sales, a division that provides trade execution and other services to hedge funds. Below, the internal memo from Tim Main, J.P. [...]')('2006051', "A couple weeks ago I noted that Internet Explorer has 85 percent of the browser market. But that figure isn't quite what it seems.")('2006051', "A small increase in Nasdaq's stake in the London Stock Exchange - from 24.1 percent to 25.1 percent - has put its holdings above a key level that allows it to thwart certain moves by the United Kingdom-based exchange. The Nasdaq, which has been steadily building its stake in the London trading venue after its [...]")('2006051', 'The Mohn family seems prepared to take on a mountain of debt to avoid an initial public offering for German media giant Bertelsmann. As early as next week, minority shareholder Groupe Bruxelles Lambert is expected to exercise its right to call for a Bertelsmann I.P.O. But the family, which holds a controlling Bertelsmann stake, is [...]')('2006051', 'Readers respond to Thomas Friedman\'s May 19 column, "Outsourcing, Schmoutsourcing! Out Is Over" Vikas Chowdhry, Madison, Wis.: Except for the really low end computing work, outsourcing does not really work! Right now, the sentiment is that nobody ever got fired for outsourcing, hence everyone is getting onto the bandwagon. Go into the trenches, talk to [...]')('2006051', 'Readers respond to Paul Krugman\'s May 19 column, "Coming Down to Earth" Lee Bartkowski, Long Beach, Calif.: I dearly would love to see a return to domestic production of as many goods as possible. In my opinion the heart of an economy is manufacturing, and the U.S. once was eminent in this field. A $700 [...]')('2006051', 'Commercial banks are booming, especially in the United States. But The Economist makes the case that some of them - most notably Citigroup and J.P. Morgan Chase - are simply too big. "Size and complexity makes them hard to understand and to control from any one center," the magazine contends in its latest issue. It [...]')('2006051', 'Earlier this year, Carl Icahn tried to force media conglomerate Time Warner to split into four pieces. He backed down, but a recent article from The Economist suggests that Time Warner may end up following part of his advice anyway. Five years after its ill-fated merger with Time Warner, AOL is "still the sick man" [...]')('2006051', 'Gore floors Foer: Franklin Foer, the editor of The New Republic, attended a screening of "An Inconvenient Truth," the Al Gore global-warming documentary and came away dazzled. "I hope this doesn\'t sound too Arianna-like," Foer writes. "The film has genuine rhetorical power. It builds an incredibly frightening case without hints of fear-mongering or over-wrought moments. [...]')('2006051', "Facing the wrath of the New York Stock Exchange, a Bear Stearns research analyst has gone back and re-crunched the numbers related to the exchange's compensation. His new conclusion, according to The New York Post? The N.Y.S.E.'s average per-employee pay is right in the middle of its peer group. The first time around, the analyst, [...]")('2006051', 'Watts Water Technologies, a maker of water safety products based in North Andover, Mass., said Friday it had acquired a French home-improvement products manufacturer, the ATS Expansion Group, in a transaction worth about 60 million euros ($76.6 million). Go to Article from The Associated Press via Yahoo » Go to News Release from Watts via [...]')('2006051', 'In a deal that has been in the works for months, Anheuser-Busch, the largest brewer in the United States, said Friday it purchased the Rolling Rock beer brand from InBev, the Belgian brewer, for $82 million. Go to Article from Reuters via Yahoo » Go to News Release from Anheuser-Busch via Yahoo » Meanwhile, another [...]')('2006051', 'Pondering the mysterious appeal of John McCain, Michael Kinsley writes: In a presidential run, he would have the votes of millions who disagree with him on major issues but like him anyway. His challenge is to get the votes of more people who agree with him. The fact that his base of support is people [...]')('2006051', "Gilbert White's Selborne Journal: Wednesday, 19 May 1784: 29 7/10 1/3; 63, 74; NE, S. Deep fog, cloudless, sweet even. Fly-catcher returns. This is the latest summer-bird, which never is seen 'till about the 20th of May. The Virginian creeper comes into leaf. Flowers fade, & go-off very fast thro' heat. There has been only [...]")('2006051', 'Steel giant Mittal has raised its offer for its French rival, Arcelor, by 34 percent, with a combination of cash and stock that values the company at 25.8 billion euros ($32.9 billion). In January, Mittal made a hostile bid of 28.21 euros a share, valuing the company at 18.6 billion euros. It said a quarter [...]')('2006051', 'The German stock exchange operator Deutsche Boerse AG set out its proposal for a "merger of partners" with Euronext on Friday, saying it envisions setting up a holding company in the Netherlands and a pan-European structure. Go to Article on Bloomberg News » Go to Article from The Associated Press » Go to News Release [...]')('2006051', 'Pinnacle Entertainment said on Friday it would not increase its takeover bid for the Aztar Corporation from the present $51 per share. Go to Article from Reuters » Go to Article from The Associated Press via Yahoo » Go to News Release from Pinnacle via Yahoo »')('2006051', 'Henry Kaufman, the Wall Street guru and Lehman Brothers director, sounded a warning note yesterday about the explosion of proprietary trading undertaken by investment banks. "Some investment banks are beginning to look more like hedge funds than investment banks," he told a London audience. "That\'s an enormous departure from the past." Dr. Kaufman, whose gloomy [...]')('2006051', 'The Justice Department said on Thursday that it had joined a whistle-blower lawsuit accusing Abbott Laboratories of inflating the prices of drugs for government health care programs. The department accused Abbott of reporting inflated prices as far back as January 1991 for pharmaceuticals, leading to higher government reimbursement rates. Go to Article from The New [...]')('2006051', 'The Justice Department announced Thursday that HealthSouth, the chain of outpatient rehabilitation hospitals, would pay $3 million and avoid prosecution over a giant accounting fraud discovered at the company three years ago. Go to Article from The New York Times »')('2006051', "At least four companies said yesterday that they had received federal subpoenas requesting information on their granting of stock options. The companies are Caremark Rx, a manager of drug benefits; SafeNet, an information security company; Affiliated Computer Services, a processor of student loans; and Vitesse Semiconductor. The four received subpoenas from the United States attorney's [...]")('2006051', 'Symantec sued a software rival, Microsoft, on Thursday, accusing it of misappropriating trade secrets to develop its own competing features and products, including the next version of Windows. The lawsuit, filed in federal court in Seattle, accuses Microsoft of misappropriating intellectual property and breach of contract related to a licensing deal with Veritas, which Symantec [...]')('2006051', "An American-based energy company, Moncrief Oil International, is threatening to sue two German companies, contending that an agreement they signed with the Russian giant Gazprom interfered with Moncrief's existing contracts to develop natural gas fields in western Siberia. Go to Article from The New York Times »")('2006051', "Leaders of the Big Three U.S. automakers rode to Capitol Hill in ethanol-powered vehicles Thursday to seek lawmakers' support on issues including energy policies, health care and competition from foreign cars. The General Motors chairman and chief executive, Rick Wagoner; the Ford Motor chairman and chief executive, Bill Ford; and Tom LaSorda, president and chief [...]")('2006051', 'President Bush will nominate Kathleen L. Casey, a Senate aide and specialist on banking and securities law, to the five-member Securities and Exchange Commission, the White House said on Thursday. The selection of Ms. Casey was announced four days after a commission member, Cynthia A. Glassman, said she did not intend to serve a second [...]')('2006051', 'The fall-out continues over a USA Today story that claimed three of the nation\'s largest phone companies supplied customer phone records to the National Security Agency. BellSouth on Thursday faxed a letter to the newspaper\'s publisher and top lawyer demanding a retraction of "false and unsubstantiated statements" about its practices in the story. Go to [...]')('2006051', 'The four young children of fugitive financier Kirk Wright may become the next victims of his brazen financial fraud as federal investigators start chasing the $100 million he bamboozled from unsuspecting investors. The feds, who nabbed Wright poolside at a Miami hotel Wednesday after three months on the lam, are likely to go after money [...]')('2006051', 'As a jury spent its first full day deliberating the fates of the former Enron chief executives, Kenneth L. Lay and Jeffrey K. Skilling, a second criminal trial began yesterday, with prosecutors accusing Mr. Lay of repeatedly lying to banks about how he would use $75 million in loans. Using testimony of a bank loan [...]')('2006051', 'It started with what felt like a heart attack. Michael W. Ramsey, the lead lawyer for Kenneth L. Lay, turned to one of Mr. Lay\'s daughters. "I think I just had a heart attack," he half-jokingly told the daughter, Elizabeth Vittor, looking her in the eye across the defense table. Mr. Ramsey said he thought [...]')('2006051', "Making a quick and profitable exit from Loehmann's after less than two years, Arcapita has agreed to sell the women's retailer to Dubai's Istithmar for $300 million. That sale price is nearly twice the $178 million Arcapita paid for the business in late 2004 and returns two times the buyout shop's $80 million equity investment, [...]")('2006051', 'Trade and private equity buyers are thought to have approached the MFI Furniture Group over the potential sale of its troubled MFI retail outlets, although talks are still at an early stage, according to new group chief executive Matthew Ingle. The group, which has just embarked on a major restructuring program after a year of [...]')('2006051', "OVP Venture Partners, one of the Pacific Northwest's oldest venture capital firms, set out earlier this year to raise $200 million. The Kirkland firm easily surpassed that goal and is rounding up even more money. Today, OVP is announcing the initial close of its seventh venture capital fund, a $207 million whopper that is the [...]")('2006051', "Now that the long-awaited indictment of law firm Milberg Weiss Bershad & Schulman and two of its partners has finally been unveiled, what does this mean for the securities class-action giant? Several commentators have either implicitly or explicitly questioned the law firm's future. Tom Kirkendall of Houston's Clear Thinkers comes out and says the indictments [...]")('2006051', 'Relion, whose hydrogen fuel cells are used as a backup power source, has raised an additional $20 million in venture capital financing from existing investors. The financing comes 18 months after the Spokane company raised $25 million from Oak Investment Partners, Enterprise Partners Venture Capital, Wall Street Technology Partners, Chrysalix Energy and Buerk Dale Victor. [...]')('2006051', "This may seem familiar: A pair of venture capital firms agree to pay $26 million for a modest-size stake in a start-up that has yet to earn a penny. Certain businesses attract attention – say, online photo sharing or alternative energy or security – and soon it's off to the races as entrepreneurs crank out [...]")('2006051', 'Knight Vinke Asset Management, a shareholder in Dutch market research group VNU, said it is ending its campaign against a takeover bid for VNU, owner of the Nielsen TV ratings business, by a group of private equity firms. A group of six private equity firms, including Thomas H. Lee Partners, Kohlberg Kravis Roberts and Carlyle [...]')('2006051', "French media conglomerate Vivendi Universal has moved to fend off unwanted predators by hiring investment banks Goldman Sachs and N. M. Rothschild, The Telegraph reported. The news comes after Vivendi's rejection on Wednesday of a 40 billion euro break-up proposal by Norwegian businessman Alexander Vik, who had approached the board with an indicative price of [...]")('2006051', "Burger King Holdings Inc., the world's second-largest hamburger chain, served up a 3 percent gain on Thursday in its market debut, despite a broader market slump. The initial public offering of 25 million shares, which represents a 19 percent stake in the company, was worth about $425 million. Burger King, to plans use most of [...]")('2006051', "BNP Paribas , France's largest bank by market value, said first-quarter profit rose 17 percent after revenue from investment banking increased and acquisitions in the United States lifted earnings from consumer lending abroad. Net income advanced to 2.01 billion euros ($2.58 billion) from 1.72 billion euros in the same period a year earlier, the Paris- [...]")('2006051', "After months of courtship, Lehman Brothers landed George H. Walker IV – a gilded Goldman Sachs partner and President Bush's second cousin – as head of its huge asset management business. That division, which has almost $200 billion in assets, also is responsible for Lehman's growing hedge fund operations, a spot where the Wall Street [...]")('2006051', 'An appeals court panel challenged lawyers for New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer over whether he had legal authority to sue Richard Grasso, the former New York Stock Exchange chairman, to recover a $139 million pay package. Mr. Grasso argues that Mr. Spitzer overstepped his authority under laws governing non-profits and that any compensation suit [...]')('2006051', 'MasterCard is expected to hit the market with a bang when it makes its debut on the New York Stock Exchange as early as next week. But there may be reason for long-term investors to whimper, according to CNNMoney. Investors big and small are expected to gobble up shares of the credit card association, which [...]')('2006051', 'The New York Stock Exchange has retained Citigroup ahead of rival Goldman Sachs to advise it on merger talks with pan-European exchange Euronext. The decision, taken by N.Y.S.E. chief executive and Goldman alumnus John Thain in conjunction with the rest of the board, is a snub to Goldman, which had been seen as the favorite [...]')('2006051', "Bank of Montreal, flush with the success of landing a piece of China's largest initial public offering so far, is opening an investment banking office in Beijing next month to compete for more underwriting assignments. Last Friday, BMO learned it was one of six global firms awarded a mandate to lead a $10 billion I.P.O. [...]")('2006051', "Carnegie Mellon University's Tepper School of Business is rolling out a new entrepreneurship program for its MBA students. The James R. Swartz Entrepreneurial Fellowship Program will debut this summer with 12 first-year MBA candidates participating. The fellows program is the result of a gift from James Swartz, a Tepper graduate and co-founder of Palo Alto, [...]")('2006051', 'Rodrigo de Rato, who heads the International Monetary Fund, has nominated John Lipsky, vice chairman of J. P. Morgan Chase, to be his top deputy, succeeding Ann Krueger. "John Lipsky will bring to this important position an international reputation in macroeconomics, a first-rate record in leadership and outstanding skills as a communicator," Mr. de Rato [...]')('2006051', 'Grupo Ferrovial has extended the deadline for its offer for BAA in an attempt to improve the take up among investors in the British-based airport operator. The Spanish building group said on Friday that its offer would be extended by a week to June 19 after it had garnered the support of only 0.35 per [...]')('2006051', "Canadian opposition MPs called Thursday for a federal review of Xstrata's hostile takeover bid for Falconbridge, just one day after the Swiss-based mining company's $16.1 billion ($14.3 billion) offer for the 80 percent of the miner it doesn't already own. Liberal MP Mark Holland, a member of the House of Commons industry committee, said he [...]")('2006051', "Euronext shareholders have given the New York Stock Exchange a deadline of next Tuesday to make a firm offer for the Paris-based bourse or they will vote to support a rival offer from Deutsche Borse, The Financial Times reported. Moreover, the paper said, the shareholders have told Euronext's management that if there is no firm [...]")('2006051', "What's big this season in the fashion and apparel industry? Deal-making. Women's Wear Daily outlines some of the mergers and acquisitions that are in the works in that sector. Despite the downturn in the stock market and worries over inflation, hedge funds and private equity players remain awash with cash and are hungry to make [...]")('2006051', 'In this lesson, students will examine their own first, middle, and last names and consider how they originated. They then write a creative piece using the information they discovered.')('2006051', 'Roberta Smith reviews video by Richard P Rubinstein and paintings by Gordon Matta-Clark at Sara Tecchia Roma New York gallery (M)')('2006051', 'Excerpts from Frank Bruni review of restaurants Crema on W 17th Street, Buddakan in Chelsea and August in Greenwich Village; photo (M)')('2006051', "Murray Chass On Baseball column discusses American League's dominance in World Series and All-Star Game in recent past (M)9")('2006051', "Arnold Mittelman resigns as producing director of Coconut Grove Playhouse in Miami after 21 years in position; had been accused of violating theater's bylaws by members of board after they announced that theater was $4 million in debt (S)")('2006051', 'Brooklyn Dist Atty Charles Hynes presents awards for valor and dedication to police and court officers, fire marshal and Fred the Cat; cat was used in sting against unlicensed veterinarian (S)')('2006051', 'Roberta Smith reviews videos by Nathalie Djurberg at Zach Feuer gallery (M)')('2006051', 'Ken Johnson reviews paintings and sketches by Willem de Kooning at L&M Arts gallery and Matthew Marks gallery (M)')('2006051', 'Frank Ryan letter comments on some inappropriate, faddish names for babies')('2006051', 'Ken Johnson reviews photographs by Josephine Pryde at Reena Spaulings Fine Art gallery (M)')('2006051', 'New York City police are alerted to look for guns disguised as cellphones that could be smuggled into government buildings (S)')('2006051', 'Photo of funeral in Ankara for judge killed over ruling favoring strict ban on Islamic head scarves in Turkey; many boo official of governing pro-Islamic party')('2006051', "Court in Athens rejects petition from Greek Orthodox group to ban film The Da Vinci Code on grounds that it 'offends and insults Christian religion'; Indian government decides to permit distribution of film if it carries disclaimer saying it is fiction; photo (S)")('2006051', 'Mary Anne Thomas letter says Americans have indeed lost confidence in Bush administration, and blames lack of information that breeds mistrust')('2006051', 'Roberta Smith reviews videos by Michael Bell-Smith at Foxy Production gallery (M)')('2006051', "John E Colbert letter on limited abilities and bad administration of Pres Bush, as discussed in Thomas Friedman's May 17 column; says lesson is that Americans need to elect competent leaders")('2006051', 'Fox wins ratings for night with help from hit show American Idol, which attracted 27.12 million viewers; photo (S)')('2006051', "Dorothy H Hayes letter on Sally Satel's May 15 Op-Ed says she donated kidney to loved one but considers cash for organs obscene")('2006051', "Prof Michele Goodwin letter agrees with Sally Satel's proposal to offer incentives to encourage organ donors; sees benefit for blacks, who represent 40 percent of people on kidney transplant waiting list")('2006051', 'Teenagers Raynell Polle and Dashawn Harris are charged with murder of Monique Hattan in Bronx (S)')('2006051', "Italian officials meet with delegation from Museum of Fine Arts in Boston to present evidence that antiquities in museum's collection had been looted from archaeological sites; Italy hopes to reach accord similar to one it struck with Metropolitan Museum of Art, which agreed to return 21 contested works in exchange for long-term loans of objects of equal importance (S)")('2006051', 'Roberta Smith reviews works by Ceal Floyer at 303 Gallery (M)')('2006051', 'Prosecutor says Eugene C Baum Jr had four times legal limit of alcohol in his blood when car he was driving struck and killed teenagers Mayada and Athear Jafar in Kinnelon, NJ, in April (S)')('2006051', 'Mayor Michael R Bloomberg of New York City launches advertising campaign to promote awareness of domestic violence; will join celebrities involved in Until the Violence Stops: NYC festival (S)')('2006051', 'Suffolk County Republican Party endorses John Faso for governor of New York; endorsement is considered blow to William F Weld, his primary opponent; many Republicans feel Faso is too conservative to win over moderate conservative voters; photo (S)')('2006051', 'Chart shows advisory roles that Evercore Partners, which plans to go public, has played in mergers and acquisitions (M)')('2006051', 'Shelby Allen letter on donating bone marrow to dying woman and receiving unique, nonmaterial, reward when she survived')('2006051', 'Neil Kernis letter says reason Pres Bush has appointed so many cronies to key national security positions is that he owed many people favors for getting him elected')('2006051', 'Bloomberg administration proposes to raise salaries of police recruits roughly $10,000 to annual rate of $36,123 for first six months and then $39,735; salary would reach $63,309 after five and one half years; some benefits are traded off to compensate for higher pay; PBA says raise is inadequate (M)')('2006051', 'Roberta Smith reviews paintings by Kadar Brock at Buia Gallery (M)')('2006051', 'Ifije Ohiorhenuan letter on incentives for organ donors and whether potential donor would get same level of care as nondonor')('2006051', 'Holland Cotter reviews works by Ashley Bickerton at Lehmann Maupin Gallery and Sonnabend Gallery; photo (M)')('2006051', 'Letter from Dr D Joy Riley of Tennessee Center for Bioethics calls for more discussion of ethical issues involved in organ donation')('2006051', "Photo of New York City's Roosevelt Island tramway and one of its towers")('2006051', 'Charlie King, candidate for New York attorney general, receives endorsement from District Council 37 Local 420 (S)')('2006051', "Letter from Charles B Fruit, chairman of National Kidney Foundation, disagrees with Sally Satel's endorsement of market-based incentive strategy that would pay organ donors or family members")('2006051', 'Air France-KLM, citing surging oil prices, says first-quarter income fell to 7 million euros ($8.9 million), from 10 million euros year earlier; says passenger traffic rose 8.6 percent last year while capacity increased 6.2 percent (S)')('2006051', 'Chart discusses Preakness Stakes field; chart (M)')('2006051', 'Dr Andrew P Morrison letter on his own experience as psychiatrist who received transplanted kidney')('2006051', 'Photo of fire at former blimp hangar in Akron, Ohio, home for Lockheed Martin research on prototype surveillance airship')('2006051', 'Grace Glueck reviews works by Ken Price at Franklin Parrasch Gallery (M)')('2006051', "Senate Intelligence Committee considers Gen Michael V Hayden's nomination to run Central Intelligence Agency; some members, especially Democrats, complain about being left out of loop and not being briefed earlier on White House's secretive domestic eavesdropping program; Hayden, who oversaw program when he ran National Security Agency, says it was not his decision to exclude anyone from briefing; photo (M)")('2006052', "Gilbert White's Selborne Journal: Thursday, 20 May 1784: 29 9/10; 62, 72; W. Cloudless, clouds, hot sun, yellow even: Bats very busy at a quarter past three in the morning. Hops thrive; & have been tyed once to the poles. *** 1 pm. 51 degrees. Rain. Rain is falling. I can see it against the [...]")('2006052', "Correction; May 7 article misstated president's term of office in Italy; it is seven years, not two")('2006052', 'Photos of New Orleans Mayor C Ray Nagin and challenger Lt Gov Mitch Landrieu in final hours of mayoral campaign')('2006052', 'Correction; May 18 article about federal plan to use contractors to help secure borders misstated amount Lockheed Martin made in federal government sales in 2005; more than $31 billion was in sales to government')('2006052', "Letter from Kenneth Jacobson, official with Anti-Defamation League, says proposed British teachers' union boycott of Israeli academics illustrates bias of some European universities; says leaders of academic community should help end discrimination (May 15 article)")('2006052', 'New York Mets third baseman David Wright discusses win against New York Yankees; photo (M)')('2006052', "CKX Inc, which owns controlling interest in Elvis Presley's name, announces arrangement with Cirque du Soleil to create series of touring and permanent shows based on his life and music, and multimedia installations featuring, among other things, virtual tours of Graceland; photo (S)")('2006052', 'Shara Lamont letter contends Sen Hillary Clinton cannot win presidency because she has become mired in game of politics; says her positions are not clear and she lacks leadership traits (May 18 Bob Herbert Op-Ed column)')('2006052', 'Letter from former Treasury Department spokesman Taylor Griffin, prompted by rumors that Sec John W Snow will resign, lauds him as steady and strong proponent of economic interests of Americans (May 13 article)')('2006052', 'Photo of Barbaro before Preakness Stakes')('2006052', "Victoria Harmon letter praises May 19 Helene Cooper Editorial Observer describing day Cooper's mother became American citizen")('2006052', 'Correction; May 19 article about executive hired by Barclays Capital misstated his name; he is Drew Doscher')('2006052', 'Correction; May 19 article about House vote to pressure oil and gas drillers to give up billions of dollars in government incentives misstated number of Republicans who voted in favor; it was 87')('2006052', 'Correction; May 19 article incorrectly described negotiations between Tehran and West that collapsed last year; talks were about fate of Iranian weapons program, not about inspections; article also mischaracterized new openness accords adopted in 2003')('2006052', 'Correction; May 18 headline about criticism of decision by Dutch immigration minister to withdraw citizenship from Somali-born lawmaker misstated her religious affiliation; she is not Muslim, but is former Muslim')('2006052', 'Photo of street vendor before dawn in Kabul, Afghanistan')('2006052', 'Letter from Pamela W Barnes, president of Elizabeth Glaser Pediatric AIDS Foundation, agrees that Bush administration has made unprecedented commitment to fighting AIDS in Africa, but calls for policy adjustment to ensure that it is done properly (May 13 editorial)')('2006052', "Series finale of NBC sitcom Will & Grace attracts 18.1 million viewers; series finale of That 70's show on Fox brings in 9.8 million viewers; CBS is No 1 in ratings for Thursday night; photo (S)")('2006052', 'Dave Anderson Sports of The Times column discusses New York Mets and New York Yankees, which are both crippled by injuries; photos (M)')('2006052', "Eric Laufer letter says Democrats should support candidate who they think should win, rather than one they deem 'electable' (May 18 Bob Herbert Op-Ed column)")('2006052', 'Correction; May 19 article about sperm donor in Michigan who passed genetic disease to five children mischaracterized actions of sperm bank involved; bank supplied sperm samples from donor to laboratory for genetic testing; bank says it is unable to get in touch with donor because it no longer knows his whereabouts')('2006052', 'Bob Green letter calls upon Gen Michael Hayden to resign his commission if he wants to pursue job in civilian ranks (May 19 article)')('2006052', 'Correction of May 18 obituary of Cy Feuer')('2006052', 'Prime Min Romano Prodi survives first of two required confidence votes in Italian Parliament; vote is crucial test for Prodi and his new center-left government (S)')('2006052', 'Rev Joseph D Herring letter praises May 19 Verlyn Klinkenborg Editorial Observer calling for renewed commitment to research in physics')('2006052', 'Correction; May 9 article about Rep Sherwood Boehlert, departing chairman of House Science Committee, included incorrect figure')('2006052', "Photo of San Antonio Spurs' win against Dallas Mavericks to tie second-round playoff series, 3-3")('2006052', "Letter from Barry M Katz, author of history of US intelligence agencies, says Gen Michael V Hayden's testimony before Senate Intelligence Committee is predictable; says government is populated by liars and ideologues who cannot be trusted to use intelligence resources prudently (May 19 article)")('2006052', 'Correction; April 5 article about tax preparation workshop for workers in sex industry misstated filing history of one participant')('2006052', 'Letter from Marie Wilson, president of White House Project, contends gender is no longer viewed as handicap for woman seeking presidency (May 18 Bob Herbert Op-Ed column)')('2006052', 'Rahul Prabhakar letter expresses support for Sen Hillary Rodham Clinton for president (May 18 Bob Herbert Op-Ed column)')('2006052', "Sandi Breskick letter, prompted by May 13 Paul Hendrickson Op-Ed article, recalls her son's road trip with her father; drawing")('2006052', 'Toni Illick letter says she would not support Sen Hillary Clinton for president (May 18 Bob Herbert Op-Ed column)')('2006052', "The bottom line is, what does a mother supporting a family on a budget do? I can't research all the farms. How about some links? Comment by sustainablemom Several readers of my last few posts about eating locally have asked for some resources. Certainly it can feel daunting to leave the familiar confines of the [...]")('2006052', "Letter from Dennis Rivera, president of 1199 SEIU, United Healthcare Workers East, notes his union's efforts to organize and mobilize home health care workers (May 14 article); says there will be no way to attract hundreds of thousands of people to this work unless they are offered livable wage and affordable health care")('2006052', 'Article on Long Island venues that hold open-mike nights for musicians and singers; list; photos (Special Issue: The Arts) (M)')('2006052', 'Correction of April 30 review of Tombolino restaurant in Yonkers, NY (S)')('2006052', 'Bethpage Union Free School District superintendent Richard S Marsh questions headline and photo accompanying May 14 article on Long Island school budgets')('2006052', 'Jeremy Townsend and Phil Englehardt letter comments on Rachel Donadio April 23 essay about demise of book party in New York')('2006052', 'David Fucio letter on May 14 article on dispute between DeCamp Bus Lines and New Jersey Transit')('2006052', 'Kyle Brown letter comments on May 7 article on efforts to curtail access to contraceptives in US; photo')('2006052', 'Op-Ed article by John Q La Fond, former law professor at University of Missouri, and Bruce J Winick, University of Miami Law School professor, opposes New York legislation that would allow attorney general to confine sex offenders in secure hospitals indefinitely after they have served their prison sentences; holds such laws are costly to taxpayers and do not prevent sexual recidivism (M)')('2006052', 'Letter from Tara A Cortes of Lighthouse Internationnal says her organization will soon open new clinic dedicated to diabetes, leading cause of blindness in US (May 16 article)')('2006052', "Rod Granger letter on May 14 article says T Bone Burnett's talented ex-wife, Sam Phillips, should have been mentioned as collaborator")('2006052', 'Article on popularity of house concerts in New York suburbs; information is usually passed by e-mail, suggested donations by guests, usually adults 30 to 55, average $20 and contemporary folk is favored genre but rock, pop and chamber music are also frequently presented; photos (Special Issue: The Arts) (L)')('2006052', 'Results of vote for best work of American fiction of last 25 years; winner is Beloved by Toni Morrison; runners up are Underworld by Don DeLillo, Blood Meridian by Cormac McCarthy, Rabbit Angstrom: The Four Novels by John Updike and American Pastoral by Philip Roth; other books that received multiple votes noted; list of judges; photos (M)')('2006052', 'Tammy La Gorce reviews Freshwaters Restaurant in Plainfield, NJ; photo (M)')('2006052', "Irv Kass letter on Michael J Agovino's May 14 article about changes at New York University")('2006052', 'Correction of April 23 review of Amazing Hot Dog in Verona, NJ (S)')('2006052', 'Article on Long Island artists who own businesses or work part time at other jobs to supplement their income from their artistic pursuits; photos (Special Issue: The Arts) (M)')('2006052', 'David Andress letter disputes David Gilmour May 7 review of his book The Terror')('2006052', 'Dallas Mavericks prepare to face San Antonio Spurs in Game 7 of second-round playoff series; photo (M)')('2006052', 'Michael Ramsey, lead lawyer for former Enron chief executive Kenneth Lay, admits movie Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King might have inspired statements he made during closing argument; photos (S)')('2006052', 'Profiles of and interviews with Westchester County residents Pete Calamera, retired New York City police officer, Lyle Puente, former freelance illustrator, and David Nichols, who has worked as accountant and in real estate management, all of whom have changed careers and become songwriters; photos (Special Issue: The Arts) (M)')('2006052', "Debra West Cross Westchester column; Water for the City, exhibition at Southeast Museum in Brewster developed in cooperation with New York City Department of Environmental Protection, focuses on creation of Croton Reservoir system, particularly four reservoirs built in Town of Southeast; fishing shack built on Ossining riverfront in 1920's by Henry Gourdine is dismantled to make way for condominium and retail development; shack will be incorporated into museum of Hudson River fishing history planned for the development; 654-acre property in Somers, intended to be subdivided into housing development, is purchased for $20.6 million from Eagle River developers and will be turned into Angle Fly Preserve; park will connect with Muscoot Farm and Lasdon Park (M)")('2006052', 'Gabriel Wardell letter about May 14 article says Warner Brothers should have handed off film Duma to its specialty division Warner Independent')('2006052', 'Naomi Siegel reviews world premiere at McCarter Theater of Beth Henley play Ridiculous Fraud, directed by Lisa Peterson; photos (M)')('2006052', 'Michele Dillon and Paul Wink letter comments on Nadine Gordimer May 7 review of Philip Roth book Everyman')('2006052', 'Bill Cunningham Evening Hours photos of dinners, balls and galas around New York City')('2006052', 'Michael Weber letter deplores declining federal funding of research on diabetes (May 16 article); drawing')('2006052', 'Article on roadie moms in Westchester County and their teenage children who perform in bands; photos (Special Issue: The Arts) (M)')('2006052', 'Grace Pritchard Burson letter comments on May 7 article on efforts to curtail access to contraceptives in US; photo')('2006052', "Article on shrinking of comedy landscape on Long Island, which today has only one major full-time comedy club, Governor's in Levittown; list; photos (Special Issue: The Arts (M)")('2006052', 'Friedman Billings Ramsey Group chief executive Eric F Billings received $480,000 salary, $1.6 million in stock and no bonus in 2005, compared with his brother Jonathan, executive vice president, who received $2.65 million bonus on top of his $250,000 salary (S)')('2006052', 'Joan Portnoy says life that lies ahead for 3-year-old with Type 1 diabetes is far grimmer that one facing 50-year-old Type 2 diabetic (May 17 article); drawing')('2006052', 'Correction of May 14 article about Gina Barnett play After All, which was produced by Hudson Stage Company (S)')('2006052', 'Article on F M Cornog, known as East River Pipe, R Stevie Moore and handful of other reclusive New Jersey songwriter-guitarists who live in obsessive world of bedroom pop; musicians write, perform and record their own songs in privacy of their bedrooms; photos (Special Issue: The Arts) (L)')('2006052', "Mark Scherzer letter on May 16 article says New York's public health authorities should screen people who lived near World Trade Center for exposure to dust after 9/11 attacks and prevent next wave of exposures as buildings like Deutsche Bank are taken down")('2006052', "Rev James DiLuzio letter comments on Russell Shorto's May 7 article on efforts to curtail access to contraceptives in US")('2006052', 'Correction OF May 7 profile of actor Rip Torn')('2006052', 'Benjamin Genocchio reviews exhibitions at college art galleries in Westchester County, Long Island, Connecticut and New Jersey; list; photos (Special Issue: The Arts) (L)')('2006052', 'Editorial views latest Long Island Sound Study, conducted by partnership among US Environmental Protection Agency and government agencies and private groups in New York and Connecticut, as encouraging but cautionary')('2006052', 'Governors Island Alliance board member Edith W Kean letter on May 7 editorial about development of Governors Island')('2006052', 'Settlement Music School executive director Robert Capanna letter on April 30 article on redevelopment of Camden, NJ')('2006052', 'Senate amendment designating English as national language avoids making it official language, which could have consequences for policies, but critics fear that discrimination might arise from clause in amendment declaring that no one has right to demand that government services be provided in any language other than English (M)')('2006052', 'Doug Schnitzspahn letter discusses death of extreme skier Doug Coombs (S)7')('2006052', 'Jenny Knopinski letter comments on May 7 article on efforts to curtail access to contraceptives in US; photo')('2006052', 'Diana Price letter comments on May 7 article on efforts to curtail access to contraceptives in US; photo')('2006052', 'Frank Meyer letter welcomes reopening of Orangerie museum in Paris (May 16 article)')('2006052', 'Herald Community Newspapers senior editor Scott A Brinton letter on May 14 article about Long Island school budgets')('2006052', "Article on transformation of lounges and showrooms in Atlantic City's older casinos as they try to compete with Las Vegas-style facilities at Borgata; photos (Special Issue: The Arts) (M)")('2006052', 'Jane R Ornauer letter on May 14 article about school budgets on Long Island')('2006052', 'Kerry Ratza letter about May 14 article says financial generosity of Nancy Laurie to Cedar Lake Dance Company can lead to generosity of creative spirit as well')('2006052', 'Thisbe Nissen letter praises reviewing talents of Walter Kirn')('2006052', 'Bill Cunningham On the Street photos of colorful fashions and balloons in New York City')('2006052', "Henry Morgenthau III letter deplores Turkish government's refusal to acknowledge Armenian genocide of 1915 (May 16 editorial); says US should officially classify event as genocide")('2006052', 'Home improvement expert Bob Vila explains why his foundation Fledgling Fund, which focuses on improving health care for poor families, is giving grants to filmmakers (S)')('2006052', 'Benjamin Hoffman column discusses negative effects pitchers face in games following game in which they have thrown inordinate number of pitches (M)')('2006052', "Footlights column; family of harpist and harp teacher Ruth Berman Harris will mark her 90th birthday with digitally remastered CD of recordings she made in 1940's and early 50's for Standard Program Library (M)")('2006052', 'Jim Harnden letter on May 7 Digital Domain column on how technology might someday immbolize television remote control during commercials')('2006052', 'Angela Stockton letter comments on May 7 article on efforts to curtail access to contraceptives in US; photo')('2006052', 'Ara A Jeknavorian letter says May 16 editorial will greatly contribute to helping Turkey finally come to grips with Armenian genocide')('2006052', 'Jerry Sheinbach letter comments on May 7 article on efforts to curtail access to contraceptives in US; photo')('2006052', 'J Crew introduces simple black tuxedo for prom and wedding season; photo (S)')('2006052', 'Op-Ed article by John Q La Fond, former law professor at University of Missouri, and Bruce J Winick, University of Miami Law School professor, opposes New York legislation that would allow attorney general to confine sex offenders in secure hospitals indefinitely after they have served their prison sentences; holds such laws are costly to taxpayers and do not prevent sexual recidivism (M)')('2006052', 'Correction of May 14 article about renovation of Greenwood Gardens in Short Hills, NJ (S)')('2006052', "Part 5 of Jaime Hernandez's comic strip La Maggie La Loca")('2006052', 'Hundrerds of immigrants and their supporters march down Madison Avenue in New York City calling on United States Senate to pass legislation that would offer millions of illegal immigrants chance to become American citizens (S)')('2006052', 'Kerri Allen reviews Two River Theater Company production of Joe Orton play What the Butler Saw, directed by Brendon Fox; photo (M)')('2006052', 'Dina A Gamboni letter comments on May 7 article on efforts to curtail access to contraceptives in US; photo')('2006052', 'Correction of May 14 Summer Stages listing which misidentified site of concert in San Luis Obispo Mozart Festival (S)')('2006052', 'Article describes what it takes to organize cultural festivals in Westchester County and put them on calendar; photos (Special Issue: The Arts) (M)')('2006052', 'Letter from Amy Merlino, member of Inaternational Alliance of Theatrical Stage Employees, says Broadway producers are banding together to weaken or eliminate theatrical unions')('2006052', "Bob Sweeney letter on May 17 article says Newsweek's list of America's best high schools risks turning important work of educating into competitive sporting event")('2006052', 'Charles McNulty letter discusses burgeoning rivalry between tennis players Rafael Nadal and Roger Federer (S)')('2006052', 'Beth Schwartzapfel letter deplores tendency to blame people with diabetes for their disease (May 17 article); drawing')('2006052', 'Paula Span Jersey column on possible reasons why New Jersey is above-ground pool capital of America, with 330,000; drawing (M)')('2006052', 'Introduction to series of articles on controversies swirling around architectural projects')('2006052', 'Liquid hand soap made from lemon oil and extracts is latest ablutionary accessory; photo (S)')('2006052', "Brian A Jones letter on Michael J Agovino's May 14 article on changes at New York University")('2006052', 'Peter J Peirano letter on April 30 article on immigrants in New Jersey says illegal immigrants should be deported and those who employ them should be fined')('2006052', 'Peter Mildner letter comments on May 7 article on efforts to curtail access to contraceptives in US; photo')('2006052', 'Article on Long Island film festivals slated for this summer and fall; photo (Special Issue: The Arts) (M)')('2006052', "New York Yankees manager Joe Torre discusses team's offensive woes; photo (S)")('2006052', 'Article on resurgence in popularity of belly dancing, or Middle Eastern dancing, in Connecticut; photos (Special Issue: The Arts) (M)')('2006052', 'Profile of and interview with Ashley Kahn, former rock music road and tour manager who has written three books in past few years about jazz musicians; his third book, about John Coltrane, is entitled The House That Trane Built: The Story of Impulse Records; photos (Special Issue: The Arts) (M)')('2006052', "Photo of Barry Bonds of San Francisco Giants after he ties Babe Ruth's record of 714 home runs")('2006052', "Trudy Smith letter on Carole Getzoff's May 14 article on shopping with her mother in Bronx, who then tailored her new clothes")('2006052', 'Correction of May 14 Summer Stages listing which misstated phone number for tickets at Summer Play Festival in New York (S)')('2006052', 'Article on popularity of house concerts in New York suburbs; information is usually passed by e-mail, suggested donations by guests, usually adults 30 to 55, average $20 and contemporary folk is favored genre but rock, pop and chamber music are also frequently presented; photos (Special Issue: The Arts) (L)')('2006052', 'Joanne Ooi, creative director for Sanghai Tang brand of clothing, models silk georgette blouse; photo (S)')('2006052', 'Vincent M Mallozzi Chee¿')('2006052', "Robert F Gilbert letter scores Alice Gabriel's behavior in connection with May 14 review of Buffet de la Gare restaurant in Hastings-on-Hudson, NY")('2006052', 'Jerry Epstein letter urges loosening of legal restraints on use of marijuana to treat diabetes (May 16 article); drawing')('2006052', 'New York Yankees defeat New York Mets, 5-4, in extra innings; photos (M)')('2006052', "Article on some of 360 works of public art that have been erected at University of Connecticut and across state as result of state's Art in Public Spaces program for publicly financed buildings; program, established in 1978, is part of Percent for Art movement by states, cities and towns to incorporate art into new construction and large-scale renovations; photos (Special Issue: The Arts) (M)")('2006052', 'Article on some of dozens of outdoor summer jazz events scheduled in New York suburbs; list; photos (Special Issue: The Arts) (M)')('2006052', 'Profile of and interview with trumpet player Marvin Stamm, 66, longtime resident of North Salem, NY, who comments on his famous riff on 1971 Paul and Linda McCartney song Uncle Albert/Admiral Halsey, his career and his rededication to jazz; photo (Special Issue: The Arts) (M)')('2006052', 'Debra Cohen letter on May 14 and other articles on developer Forest City Ratner, which is facing opposition to proposed developments in Brooklyn and Yonkers, NY')('2006052', 'Editorial views latest Long Island Sound Study, conducted by partnership among US Environmental Protection Agency and government agencies and private groups in New York and Connecticut, as encouraging but cautionary')('2006052', 'Securities and Exchange Commission filing by Wynn resort in Las Vegas shows it decided against raising rent on $580,000 suite used by chairman Stephen Wynn and wife Elaine; photo (S)')('2006052', 'Article on some of dozens of outdoor summer jazz events scheduled in New York suburbs; list; photos (Special Issue: The Arts) (M)')('2006052', 'Avi Salzman reviews 10th anniversary exhibition at Ballard Institute and Museum of Puppetry in Connecticut; photos (Special Issue: The Arts) (M)')('2006052', 'Photo of friends and relatives erecting memorial to Emil Mann in woods near Mahwah, NJ, where Mann, member of Ramapough Mountain Indians, was shot by New Jersey State Park Police officer')('2006052', 'Brent R Wilkes, California defense contractor, emerges as hub of corruption invesgitations stretching from Congress to CIA; diagram (M)')('2006052', 'Article on Fairfield Theater Company Stage One, Connecticut theater company founded by its producing director Miles Marek in 2001; photo (Special Issue: The Arts) (M)')('2006052', "Mayor Dannel P Malloy of Stamford, Conn, wins State Democratic Party's endorsement for governor; his victory over Mayor John DeStefano Jr of New Haven by small margin comes as surprise (M)")('2006052', 'Article on popularity of house concerts in Westchester County, NY; information is usually passed by e-mail, suggested donations by guests, usually adults 30 to 55, average $20 and contemporary folk is favored genre but rock, pop and chamber music are also frequently presented; photos (Special Issue: The Arts) (L)')('2006052', 'Rachel Zsamboky letter comments on May 7 article on efforts to curtail access to contraceptives in US; photo')('2006052', 'SAP Americas president and chief executive Bill McDermott says using BlackBerry helps him stay connected and relaxed (S)')('2006052', 'Steven A Ludsin letter on May 14 article on need to back up personal computer data')('2006052', 'Benjamin Genocchio reviews exhibitions at college art galleries in Westchester County, Long Island, Connecticut and New Jersey; list; photos (Special Issue: The Arts) (L)')('2006052', 'New York Mets could promote Alay Soler from minors to replace pitcher Jose Lima (S)')('2006052', 'Christine Muhlke article on cooking techniques that entail risk of failure; recipes for souffle and brown-butter vinaigrette; photo; drawing (M)')('2006052', 'Article on some of dozens of outdoor summer jazz events scheduled in New York suburbs; list; photos (Special Issue: The Arts) (M)')('2006052', 'Witty prize-ribbon brooches add stylish touch to any lapel, shoulder, belt loop or pocketbook strap; photo (S)')('2006052', 'Thomas Flower letter urges education campaign aimed at correcting lifestyle and nutritional factors responsible for epidemic of diabetes (May 16 article); drawing')('2006052', 'Correction of May 14 Jersey column about expanding role of supermarkets in New Jersey (S)')('2006052', "William Bennett letter contends that San Francisco Giants outfielder Barry Bonds's hitting success may be result of favorable weather conditions, not steroids (S)")('2006052', 'Correction of May 7 Market Week column (S)')('2006052', 'Martha Crotty letter comments on Louise W Knight May 7 reviews of James Green book Death in the Haymarket')('2006052', 'Benjamin Genocchio reviews exhibitions at college art galleries in Westchester County, Long Island, Connecticut and New Jersey; list; photos (Special Issue: The Arts) (L)')('2006052', 'Ray Ellis letter discusses death of extreme skier Doug Coombs (S)o')('2006052', 'Fran Schreiber letter comments on May 7 article on efforts to curtail access to contraceptives in US; photo')('2006052', 'Article on some of dozens of outdoor summer jazz events scheduled in New York suburbs; list; photos (Special Issue: The Arts) (M)')('2006052', "Michael Temchine for The New York Times When Democrats talk about Hillary Clinton's prospects for a presidential run in 2008, a nagging, unanswerable concern often comes up: The influence that Bill Clinton, and their attendant marital baggage, would have on her candidacy. Advisers and friends of the Clintons say it is too early to talk [...]")('2006052', 'In New York, restaurants that might get plenty of attention in smaller cities often open their doors, begin serving their food and go about their ways without many people beyond their neighborhoods ever really noticing.')('2006052', 'Readers respond to Frank Rich\'s May 21 column, "The Rove Da Vinci Code." Dave Jonsson, Seminole, Fla.: I think conservatives of all stripes are on to Rove\'s games. I also think born-again evangelical Christians - e.g my sister - are increasingly repulsed by the so-called Christian right. I have no doubt that a backlash could [...]')('2006052', '(Photo by Scott Nelson/WorldPictureNetwork, for The New York Times) The new Iraqi government is led by Prime Minister Nuri Kamal al-Maliki, left. On Saturday, I watched the session of Parliament as they finally elected an active government. However, so far this is just ink on paper for us, the people on the streets and in [...]')('2006052', 'Moving to streamline management at a key part of its business, securities giant Goldman Sachs has named Yoel Zaoui as the sole head of investment banking in Europe. Mr. Zaoui - whose brother, Michael, happens to be head of European M&A at Morgan Stanley - had previously been co-head of European investment banking at Goldman [...]')('2006052', "Denise O'Donnell is running for attorney general. (Ruby Washington/The New York Times) We loved Marcia Gay Harden as Lee Krasner in Pollock - that Oscar-worthy-by-way-of-Brooklyn accent as she screeched his name. Ditto her turn in Mystic River, which showcased the hub of the universe (at least by one Zone writer's lights). Tuesday she'll do her [...]")('2006052', "Who doesn't love Friday nights? The end of the work week, more or less, and I luxuriate in the fatigue I've been fighting off since Monday. Years ago, Friday nights were for going out and cutting loose. Nowadays, all I want to do is stay home - hang out with the family, maybe cook some [...]")('2006052', "Shares of many big brokerage firms tumbled on Monday, prompting TheStreet.com to point out that these stocks have given back most of their gains from earlier in the year. Helped by generally impressive first-quarter earnings results, the American Stock Exchange's Broker-Dealer index was up as much 23 percent for the year in mid-April. After the [...]")('2006052', 'Mutual funds are being squeezed by both hedge funds and exchange-traded funds. Their fees are dropping. Expectations are high for a major industry consolidation. Not so fast, says Investment Dealers\' Digest. Just for starters, "managing mutual funds is still an easy way to make a buck," the magazine says in its article, which takes a [...]')('2006052', 'Could Joe Lieberman lose to netroots candidate Ned Lamont in Connecticut\'s Aug. 8 Democratic primary? The Hotline On Call blog says it\'s possible: Capturing one-third of the delegates at the state party convention last week means that Lamont\'s run will mean "a real primary race for Joe Lieberman, one that he might lose, against a[sic] [...]')('2006052', "Investors and analysts on Monday seemed to take a cautious - bordering on skeptical - stance toward the New York Stock Exchange's $10.2 billion offer to buy its European counterpart Euronext on Monday. The extent of the deal's benefits for the N.Y.S.E. was not completely clear, but the potential risks to N.Y.S.E.'s rivals seemed obvious [...]")('2006052', 'Senator John McCain said Sunday that he won\'t support a constitutional amendment banning gay marriage. Which made us wonder about last Thursday\'s comment by Rudy Giuliani, a possible rival of Mr. McCain\'s for the 2008 Republican presidential nomination, when he was asked for his position on same-sex marriage. "I believe that marriage should be between [...]')('2006052', "David Paterson's second major campaign speech, this time on energy, was long enough even to make his running mate a little antsy. The half-hour speech included references to the Beverly Hillbillies, Shakespeare and Yogi Berra as well as dozens of statistics. And Mr. Paterson, who is legally blind, did it all by memory. He's eager [...]")('2006052', "What is one of the last places one would expect to see a defense of recently indicted law firm Milberg Weiss Bershad & Schulman? We would nominate The Wall Street Journal's editorial page, which has long criticized the law firm for driving what it and other critics contend are largely frivolous class-action shareholder lawsuits against [...]")('2006052', 'It was not so long ago that John Faso, a former Assemblyman from Kinderhook, was considered a serious long-shot in the race to win a spot in a Republican primary against William F. Weld, the former Massachusetts governor. So it was accounted big news earlier this month when Senate Majority Leader Joseph L. Bruno said [...]')('2006052', 'A hotel operator, Jameson Inns, said on Monday it had agreed to be bought by an affiliate of a private equity capital fund, JER Partners, for $181 million in cash, sending its shares up more than 24 percent. JER Partners, the investment arm of the real estate investment firm J.E. Robert Companies, will pay $2.97 [...]')('2006052', 'Readers respond to Bob Herbert\'s May 22 column, "Justice Derailed" Steve Chan, Los Altos Hills, Calif.: Your column is interesting, sad, and uplifting at the same time. Interesting because it tells us something about our country. Sad because these cannot be the only two trapped by the system. Uplifting because someone in our society did [...]')('2006052', 'A real estate investment trust, Host Hotels & Resorts, said on Monday it had agreed to buy Westin Kierland Resort & Spa in Scottsdale, Ariz., for about $258 million. Host Hotels, which is based in Bethesa, Md., will also assume $135 million of existing debt. Go to Article from Reuters » Go to Press Release [...]')('2006052', 'Readers respond to David Brooks\'s May 21 column, "The Big Sleep" Jay Hodes, Sherman Oaks, Calif: How did you come up with this? "Most Americans seem to have looked at the facts and concluded that having to open your suitcase in the airport security line is a far bigger invasion of privacy than having your [...]')('2006052', 'Readers respond to Paul Krugman\'s May 22 column, "Talk-Show Joe" Lawrence I. Bonchek, Lancaster, Pa.: Since comments about anyone\'s religious beliefs are taboo in our diverse society, no columnist, not even Paul Krugman, seems willing to point out a likely reason why Sen. Joseph Lieberman continues to mystify us by supporting President Bush\'s positions on [...]')('2006052', 'Barron\'s over the weekend suggested that the best course of action for troubled computer maker Gateway would be to sell the company, even though the newspaper acknowledges, "no such plans are known to be afoot." Charles Wolf, an analyst with Needham & Co., tells Barron\'s that Gateway is in a "no-win situation" thanks largely to [...]')('2006052', 'The Boykin Lodging Company, a hotel real estate investment trust, said Monday it has agreed to be acquired by a private hotel management company, the Westmont Hospitality Group, and a Canadian fund management company, Caisse de depot et placement du Quebec, for about $416 million in cash. Go to Article from The Associated Press via [...]')('2006052', 'An investment firm, RDG Capital, said on Monday it was in talks with a microchip maker, the Atmel Corporation, over a $2.7 billion takeover proposal, but Atmel had rebuffed an initial approach. Stock in Atmel, which is based in San Jose, Calif., rose 10 percent in morning trading. RDG is based in New York. Go [...]')('2006052', "Maybe it's just because this hits uncomfortably close to home, but I am just flabbergasted - and appalled - that the Bush administration is considering sending journalists to jail for publishing embarrassing leaks of classified material. Several administration officials have raised this possibility, and over the weekend Attorney General Alberto Gonzales pushed the idea again. [...]")('2006052', 'I\'m still getting indignant emails from Asian-Americans who complain that my column looking at Asian-American academic success perpetuates the "model minority" stereotype in ways that are harmful. I don\'t buy it, as I\'ve noted in a previous post. But I\'ll give the last word to the critics. Here\'s a note from a Japanese-American in Detroit: [...]')('2006052', "Amusement park operator Cedar Fair has won an auction for CBS's Paramount Parks, agreeing to pay $1.24 billion in cash for the theme-park business. When he announced in January that CBS would sell Paramount Parks, CBS chief Leslie Moonves said the operations did not fit with his media company's content-driven business. Paramount's theme parks include [...]")('2006052', "A Dutch court sentenced the former chief executive and the chief financial officer of the supermarket group Ahold to suspended jail terms on Monday over one of Europe's largest financial scandals. The executives were found guilty of deceiving accountants to increase sales figures. Ahold, which is based in Amsterdam, owns the Stop & Shop grocery [...]")('2006052', "Saudi Prince Al-Waleed bin Talal is expanding his media ventures, but instead of investing in the West, the West is now investing in him. Variety reported Saturday that Rupert Murdoch, head of media conglomerate News Corporation, is set to acquire a stake in the billionaire's Mideast media titan, Rotana. The size of the stake and [...]")('2006052', '[Correction appended.] I can\'t believe the news today: At Democracy Arsenal, Shadi Hamid suggests that Bono should be the next Secretary of State. Don\'t give Hillary any ideas: In the middle of a discussion of whether the Democrats could ever embrace small government, Ross Douthat offers this interesting aside: "Though frankly, I think if a [...]')('2006052', 'Sidley Austin is expected to pay $30 million to settle a class action lawsuit filed by more than 200 investors who lost money on illegal tax shelters that the law firm approved. But the firm, the seventh-largest in the nation, is not out of the woods yet. Investors in about 55 cases have opted out [...]')('2006052', 'Ted Turner was uncharacteristically understated as he departed Time Warner, the media conglomerate that swallowed his cable network company and slowly sidelined him as a mover and shaker in the businesses that he helped to create. Mr. Turner, the founder of CNN, told Time Warner shareholders at their annual meeting he regrets not being able [...]')('2006052', 'The bankrupt power-plant operator Calpine said Friday its creditors will demand payment in amounts "significantly greater" than the $17.4 billion in debt it has declared. The warning came in the San Jose company\'s annual report, which also included updates on Calpine\'s financial performance. The report caps off a hectic 150 days since it began reorganization [...]')('2006052', "The Ohio attorney general, Jim Petro, fired Milberg Weiss Bershad & Shulman as his special counsel, one day after the law firm was indicted on charges of paying more than $11 million in kickbacks to clients. Petro also removed Milberg Weiss as the representative for the Ohio Tuition Trust Authority, the state's college savings plan, [...]")('2006052', "Mitsubishi Electric said the Justice Department's antitrust division has requested documents related to the sale of DRAM memory chips in the United States from 1998 to 2002. Mitsubishi Electric also said civil antitrust lawsuits have been filed against several companies in the DRAM business, including itself, and was unable to predict the impact. But it [...]")('2006052', 'DaimlerChrysler could face a $640 million fine as a result of bribery investigations by the Justice Department and the Securities and Exchange Commission. The S.E.C. and the Department of Justice began their investigations in 2004 after a whistle-blower complaint filed by a former employee of the company. The employee, who Daimler has said was dismissed [...]')('2006052', "Federal authorities are close to a deal with the Austrian bank Bawag for its role in Refco's collapse, The Wall Street Journal reported Monday. The Justice Department and the Securities and Exchange Commission have been negotiating with Bawag officials for several weeks. It is unclear whether the settlement would involve either a deferred or nonprosecution [...]")('2006052', 'The European Union is set to enact a less-restrictive law that would leave in place "poison pills" and other defenses against hostile corporate takeovers. EU countries were due last Saturday to enact the legislation after a compromise two and one-half years ago that disappointed proponents of opening up more European companies to takeovers. Luxembourg\'s Parliament [...]')('2006052', "GI Partners, the U.S. private equity firm, has acquired a clutch of the City of London's best-known oriental restaurants for about 20 million pounds ($37.5 million), including Sri Thai, Pacific Oriental and Imperial City. The firm, which is based in Menlo Park, Calif., and manages funds for California's state pension fund, is also believed to [...]")('2006052', "A Chicago-based investment firm with stakes in firms ranging from Ruth's Chris Steak House to the wood products maker Boise Cascade Holdings has finished raising $6.5 billion that it will use to acquire more businesses. The firm, Madison Dearborn Partners, initially planned to raise $5 billion from endowments, universities, pension funds and other big institutions [...]")('2006052', 'Extendicare Health Services, one of the largest providers of long-term care and related services in the United States, plans to announce by the end of May whether the company will be sold or reorganized. Private equity firms are likely to bid for the Milwaukee-based Extendicare. The most prominently mentioned suitor is Madison Dearborn Partners of [...]')('2006052', "Private-equity firms, already facing a cash-flush sellers' market, now have a new source of competition for buyouts and investment deals: hedge funds. Hedge funds, which once focused on making high-stakes, short-term investments in the public markets, are expanding their attention into the private-capital markets as returns from their traditional targets decline. This is good news [...]")('2006052', 'The state of Connecticut is backing a pilot program designed to connect entrepreneurs with startup companies and encourage more angel investment in the state. State officials earlier this month awarded a $90,000 grant to The Connecticut Venture Group to develop a new angel investor program they expect will help entrepreneurs become more competitive while supporting [...]')('2006052', "Kirkland, Wash.-based venture capital firm OVP Venture Partners has raised $207 million so far for its seventh fund, making it the firm's largest fund to date. OVP continues to raise money for the fund and expects a final close by the end of the year. The new capital brings the 23-year-old firm's total assets under [...]")('2006052', 'Stock options awarded to top executives at five companies, including KLA-Tencor and Boston Communications, showed an unusual tendency of being granted just before a runup in the underlying stock, according to an analysis by The Wall Street Journal published on Monday. The findings follow up on a similar analysis conducted by the Journal in March. [...]')('2006052', "Colin South recently raised $4 million in funding for his sapling company, Mascoma, which is developing a system to liquefy plants and trees into ethanol. Renowned venture capitalist Vinod Khosla is betting Mr. South won't need 10 years to do it, as has been the case with Celunol in Dedham, Mass., a similar company Khosla [...]")('2006052', 'Most popular Internet communities, like Facebook or MySpace, measure their success by their ability to attract new members. A notable exception to this rule is aSmallWorld.net, an exclusive online community that is about to get bigger. The Weinstein Company, the production business started by Bob and Harvey Weinstein after they left Miramax, has invested in [...]')('2006052', "Asia's first business trust to seek a listing has met with lukewarm response from institutional investors, forcing it to lower the price and bump up the yield. After the institutional tranche closed Friday, Pacific Shipping Trust fixed the price of its offering at $0.45 per unit for a total deal size of $99.9 million. The [...]")('2006052', 'Standard Radio, which said last month it would spin out its broadcasting assets into an income trust, is moving ahead with plans for an initial public offering. The company filed a preliminary prospectus Friday to convert its network of 51 radio stations, an advertising sales unit and a production operation into the Standard Radio Income [...]')('2006052', 'BankAtlantic Bancorp expects to begin a share buyback plan in the next month, Chairman and C.E.O. Alan Levan said. The Fort Lauderdale-based company on May 3 announced a plan to repurchase up to 6 million of its 57 million shares of Class A common stock. Following the company\'s May 16 annual meeting, Levan said "the [...]')('2006052', 'The Go Daddy Group is facing an uncertain road after filing for its initial public offering late last week, according to The Phoenix Business Journal. On one hand, the company has a good deal of name recognition, thanks to the controversial ads it ran during the past two Super Bowls. On the other hand, a [...]')('2006052', "Rosneft's I.P.O., which could come as early as July, has been billed by the company and the Russian government as the deal of the century. The sale of 49 percent of Rosneft's shares is expected to raise as much as $20 billion. Rosneft recently hired Peter O'Brien, a 36-year-old former vice president of Morgan Stanley, [...]")('2006052', 'Delta Air Lines has reached a tentative deal with unsecured creditors to raise at least $650 million by selling stock when the bankrupt carrier exits bankruptcy. The Atlanta-based airline said late Wednesday in a court filing that it has reached a memorandum of understanding with its official unsecured creditor committee concerning a potential post-bankruptcy equity [...]')('2006052', 'Ross Margolies, the former Citigroup trader who started one of the largest new hedge funds of 2004, is closing it down after client defections erased about 80 percent of assets. "We had a bad start to 2005 and the outflows accelerated," Margolies said yesterday in a telephone interview. "We had a strong comeback, but assets [...]')('2006052', 'A talent war for financially literate Islamic scholars has erupted as western investment bankers rush to sell their services to devout Muslims. Leading banks are scrambling to find Islamic experts who can issue religious edicts (fatwas) approving new financial products, such as "Islamic" bonds, hedge funds or loans. Go to Article from The Financial Times [...]')('2006052', 'William Dean Singleton, the maverick chief executive of the MediaNews Group, is thought of as something of a magician in the newspaper world – having transformed himself from the son of a ranch hand in a tiny town in Texas to a media baron who now controls a newspaper empire that sprawls from coast to [...]')('2006052', "Wachovia Securities has hired two former J.P. Morgan Chase executives to direct the company's media and communications investment-banking group. Mike Alexander, formerly a managing director in the technology, media and telecom investment-banking group at New York-based J.P. Morgan Chase, has been named managing director. Reggie Lang, formerly a vice president in the same department, has [...]")('2006052', "WashingtonFirst Bank, taking an aggressive expansion step just two years after it was founded, agreed to purchase First Liberty Bank yesterday. The merger will nearly double WashingtonFirst's size and add one branch in Washington and three in suburban Maryland to its two District branches and two in Northern Virginia. The addition of First Liberty's $92 [...]")('2006052', 'Lehman Brothers is seeking to move into the private equity business while minimizing conflicts of interest by raising a fund that will only invest alongside other buy-out groups. The U.S. investment bank is sounding out investors for a fund that is expected to close in the autumn, people familiar with the matter said. Although the [...]')('2006052', "Alexander Vik, the rebel shareholder in Vivendi, has approached Vodafone, the British mobile phone giant, and Lagardère, the French media group, to try to persuade them join his audacious attempt to break up the 35 billion euro ($44.6 billion) French telecoms and media conglomerate. The Norwegian's advisers, Deutsche Bank and Bank of America, have been [...]")('2006052', 'Empire Corporate Federal Credit Union is joining a Chicago-area institution in what is said to be the biggest merger the industry has ever seen. Empire, the Colonie-based "credit union for credit unions" and Warrenville, Ill.-based Mid-States Corporate FCU will combine June 30 to form Members United Corporate FCU. Go to Article from The Albany Business [...]')('2006052', 'Deutsche Bank has completed the purchase of a total of 416,000,000 shares or 9.9 percent of the issued capital of Hua Xia Bank in China. The German bank signed a binding agreement last October to buy a total of 587.2 million shares in Hua Xia Bank, amounting to a 13.98 percent for a total of [...]')('2006052', 'John Faso at a campaign event in March. (Kirk Condyles for The New York Times) The New York Democratic and Republican conventions are one week away, and the endorsement jamboree has begun. The New York Post backs John Faso today, touting his principled voting record - no matter how much other Republicans assail it. Meanwhile, [...]')('2006052', 'The management of Middleby, the U.S. manufacturer of food and drinks equipment, is taking its fight to acquire its rival Enodis directly to the shareholders of the British company. Selim Bassoul, the chief executive of Middleby, and Tom Fitzgerald, the finance director, will fly to London this week to canvass shareholders. Their 796 million ($1.49 [...]')('2006052', "Airports group BAA is set to return about 1 billion pounds ($1.88 billion) to shareholders as part of a defense package to see off a hostile bid from Spain's Grupo Ferrovial. BAA, which owns the world's busiest international airport, London's Heathrow, has rejected the 8.75 billion pound takeover bid from Ferrovial as being too low. [...]")('2006052', "Arun Sarin, the head of Vodafone, is preparing to shelve the sale of Arcor, the group's €1 billion ($1.28 billion) German fixed-line unit, to concentrate on a push into broadband, The Times of London reported Monday. The mobile operator, which had long been expected to divest itself of Arcor, is believed now to be planning [...]")('2006052', "Gilbert White's Selborne Journal: Saturday, 22 May 1784: 29 8/10; 63, 66 1/2; NE, SE. Cloudless, sun & gale, golden evening. Columbines, & Monkshood blow. Lapwings on the down. Began to tack up the vine-shoots. Men bring-up peat from the forest. The sycamores, & maples in bloom scent the air with a honeyed smell. Lily [...]")('2006052', 'The UBS-run auction for leading Spanish-language broadcaster Univision Communications firmed up Friday with The Daily Deal reporting a June 8 deadline for initial bids. The deadline is expected to draw at least two indications of interest: one from a consortium headed by strategic bidder and Mexican broadcaster Grupo Televisa SA; another consisting of a private-equity [...]')('2006052', "Royal Dutch Shell said on Monday it was in talks with CNOOC about taking a stake in the Chinese firm's 240,000 barrel-per-day Huizhou refinery and it aims to expand a neighbouring joint-venture petrochemical plant. Tan Ek Kia, vice president of ventures and developments at Shell Chemicals, declined to give the size of the potential stake [...]")('2006052', 'Federal Communications Commission Chairman Kevin Martin is putting pressure on senior agency staff to complete their review of the $17.6 billion carve-up of Adelphia Communications by Comcast and Time Warner. Mr. Martin hopes to receive a draft of an order clearing the transaction, with some conditions, before the end of May, according to The Daily [...]')('2006052', "Let's cut to the chase: There are so many politics blogs out there, do you really need to read another one? We vote Yes. The New York Times political team - from Albany and City Hall to Washington and the mother ship on 43rd Street - is taking election-year coverage of New York politics to [...]")('2006052', "McClatchy's negotiations to sell The Philadelphia Inquirer and Philadelphia Daily News have progressed to a late stage this weekend with Philadelphia Media Holdings, a group organized by local advertising and public relations executive Brian P. Tierney, according to The Philadelphia Inquirer. Two other bidders also said it is their understanding that McClatchy is close to [...]")('2006052', "Joseph R. Perella, the investment banker who left Morgan Stanley last year and is in the process of starting his own firm, formed an alliance Sunday for his still unnamed boutique bank with Mitsubishi UFJ Securities of Japan. The alliance includes a $100 million investment by Mitsubishi, Japan's largest bank, in Mr. Perella's new firm. [...]")('2006052', 'Credit Agricole, France\'s largest bank by assets, is considering a bid for Alliance & Leicester of Britain, the former building society. In a statement responding to press speculation mentioning a 6 billion pound bid, the French bank said on Monday that it was "assessing" A&L but that its evaluation was at a preliminary stage with [...]')('2006052', "Mittal Steel moved a step closer to making the steel industry's biggest takeover after Arcelor said it would examine an improved offer from its larger rival. Arcelor's board, which met yesterday in Luxembourg, said it would consider the 25.8 billion-euro ($33 billion) bid, made May 19, once it is approved by regulators. It also asked [...]")('2006052', 'The chief executive of UBS said the bank is constantly on the lookout for new acquisitions in the field of wealth management, although the size of the takeovers tended to be small. "There are a lot of wealth management businesses out there without critical mass, with the wrong owner. We are constantly on the lookout [...]')('2006052', "Wal-Mart Stores is selling its loss-making South Korean stores to Shinsegae for $882 million, making it the second global retailer to exit the country after Carrefour. The sale by Wal-Mart, the world's top retailer and No.5 in South Korea's $22 billion discount store industry, highlights intense competition in the region among global retail players and [...]")('2006052', "A group of private investors said Sunday that their 7.7 billion euro ($9.7 billion) bid for the Dutch publishing company VNU, owner of Nielsen Media Research, which compiles television ratings, has succeeded. The investors, who operate under the name Valcon Acquisition and include Blackstone Group and Kohlberg Kravis Roberts, said that 78.7 percent of VNU's [...]")('2006052', "French bank Credit Agricole said it was considering making a takeover bid for Alliance & Leicester, which analysts said could kick-start a 6 billion pounds ($11.3 billion) bid battle. France's biggest retail bank said on Monday it had not made an approach, but Alliance & Leicester's shares leapt 10 percent after Credit Agricole showed its [...]")('2006052', 'German chemical maker BASF announced Monday it has again raised its hostile takeover bid for U.S.-based Engelhard and said it would not lift its offer any further. BASF, which first bid for Engelhard in January in an effort to create a global leader in products such as pigments and catalysts, said it was offering US$39 [...]')('2006052', "The New York Stock Exchange announced its $10. 2 billion proposal to acquire its European counterpart Euronext on Monday in a deal that would create the world's first trans-Altantic exchange. The bid, which the N.Y.S.E.'s board authorized over the weekend, was widely expected. But Monday's announcement clarified some of the terms of the proposed tie-up. [...]")('2006052', 'American Tower of Boston and RSA Security of Bedford, Mass., said Sunday that federal regulators are probing their grants of stock options to executives, joining a growing list of companies caught up in a rapidly expanding federal investigation of options practices. On Thursday, Chelmsford, Mass.-based software maker Brooks Automation said two of its directors resigned [...]')('2006052', 'In an attempt to boost its own flat sales, Anheuser-Busch paid $82 million for Rolling Rock beer from InBev USA, subsidiary of Belgian-Brazilian brewer InBev . Rolling Rock, considered a speciality beer maker, has sales greater than $100 million, according to The Daily Deal. J.P. Morgan analyst John Faucher estimated in a research report that [...]')('2006052', "It's back: the marquee system of big-shot investment bankers has returned to Wall Street. As boutique shop Evercore Partners prepares its initial public offering, DealBook's Andrew Ross Sorkin analyzes in his Sunday column how operations like Evercore, Greenhill & Co. (chart to the left) and Lazard have brought back the big-shot banker - and why [...]")('2006052', 'In this lesson, students reflect on and research the experiences of specific immigrant groups in the United States. For homework, they write letters from imaginary immigrants to relatives in their countries of origin, including historically accurate details.')('2006052', 'John Click letter says cheating in school is symptomatic of cheating throughout society (May 18 article)')('2006052', 'Manohla Dargis Cannes Notebook on Nuri Bilge Ceylan film Climates (S)')('2006052', 'Photos of 4-and 5-year-olds playing baseball with East Harlem Little League players (M)')('2006052', 'United States Senator Charles E Schumer of New York signs deal with Rodale publishing to write book on future of political parties in America; suggests that current two-party system does not adequately address citizen concerns and new party is needed for country to more forward (S)')('2006052', 'A O Scott Cannes Notebook on Cameron Mitchell film Shortbus; film features real sex on screen (S)')('2006052', "Leif Clark letter comments on May 15 Paul Krugman Op-Ed column about Bush administration's efforts to serve conservative community")('2006052', 'Jon Pareles reviews new CD by Scott Walker; photo (M)')('2006052', 'CBS wins ratings for last Friday night of television season; USA program WWE Monday Night Raw tops list of most-watched shows on basic cable with 5.42 million viewers; TNT is first in prime time overall among viewers age 18 to 49 with playoff basketball coverage; photo (S)')('2006052', 'Carol Sicherman letter says plagiarists she reported while teaching college were never seriously sanctioned for their infractions (May 18 article)')('2006052', 'Kelefa Sanneh reviews new CD by rapper Yo Gotti; photo (M)')('2006052', 'Prof Miguel Roig letter says he does not believe current climate of academic dishonesty will change in spite of institution of honor codes by some colleges (May 18 article); drawing')('2006052', 'Prof Monroe H Freedman letter agrees with May 18 editorial calling for judges to police themselves; says judicial inspector general would threaten judicial independence')('2006052', 'A O Scott Cannes Notebook on Pedro Almodovar film Volver, starring Penelope Cruz; photo (S)')('2006052', 'Brant Thomas letter says American invasion of Iraq and lack of coherent strategy is cause of suffering, so it would be appropriate to grant asylum in United States to Iraqis (May 19 article)')('2006052', 'Rick Morgan letter says students should not even be taking tests in which cheating is relevant; rather they should be taught how to research, evaluate and organize information (May 18 article)')('2006052', 'Letter from Gay and Lesbian Tax Force director Matt Forman says religious right will never be satisfied, even with so much of their agenda already enacted (May 15 article)')('2006052', 'Ben Ratliff reviews new CD of Johnny Cash recordings from 1973-1982; photo (M)')('2006052', 'Michael P Hornick letter comments on May 18 editorial about measure to bring about more accountability to Army Corps of Engineers projects')('2006052', 'Daniel Newsome letter says he encourages students to use cheat sheets on his exams, which are long and hard; says students are forced to review material, organize it and edit it to make useful cheat sheets (May 18 article)')('2006052', 'Elizabeth Wissner-Gross letter says honor code that encourages tattling is not honorable (May 18 article)')('2006052', 'Robin Fox letter says investors would be more concerned about inflation if cost-of-living pressures of living in Middle America were really measured (May 18 article)')('2006052', 'Manohla Dargis Cannes Notebook on Ron Howard film The Da Vinci Code, which took in $224 million in worldwide box office receipts during its first three days of theatrical release (S)')('2006052', 'Letter from Transportation Secretary Norman Mineta says Pres Bush is committed to increasing fuel economy standards for passenger cars; says that is why Bush has called on Congress for reforms (May 15 editorial)')('2006052', "Eoghan O'Connell wins Travis Memorial Tournament (S)")('2006052', 'Manohla Dargis Cannes Notebook on Richard Kelly film Southland Tales; film stars Sarah Michelle Gellar and Dwayne Johnson and is black comedy about porn star and action star that have to save country awash in celebrity culture and neo-conservatism (S)')('2006052', 'Hoboken (NJ) resident Thomas White Jr, who was found by pedestrian on Chelsea (NYC) street, dies from head injuries at Bellevue Hospital Center (S)')('2006052', "On Friday night, my wife and I had a date night in New York City. But then we saw the mobs standing in line for the grand opening of Apple's new flagship store.")('2006052', 'I\'ve had some indignant comments from applicants to my "win-a-trip" contest who say that actually their essays were much better than Casey Parks\' essay. And Harvard students are peeved that they got shut out among the finalists. Come on - leave those sour grapes behind. It was very difficult to choose a winner from 3800 [...]')('2006052', 'So, does State Senator Joseph L. Bruno, one of the most powerful Republicans in the state, think that his party and the Senate Republicans would be better off with William F. Weld running at the top of the ticket in the fall? Maybe maybe not. Senator Bruno likes to tell listeners that 70 percent of what [...]')('2006052', 'It was my second week as the globe-trotting Frugal Traveler, and I was beginning to wonder if I had made a wrong turn. Bealo, for all its rustic charms, is not easy to reach without a car. Back to Article')('2006052', 'The race to decide whether Al Gore or George Bush is the Newest Nixon appears to be as close as the historic 2000 presidential campaign. Will the Supreme Court break the impasse? Will Gore win his home state of Tennessee? Will confused opinion-makers in Palm Beach County accidentally make the case for Pat Buchanan? In [...]')('2006052', "Publishing company McClatchy said Tuesday it has agreed to sell two Philadephia newspapers to an investor group led by advertising executive Brian Tierney. Philadelphia Media Holdings, the investors' acquisition vehicle, will pay $515 million in cash for the newspapers, the Philadelphia Inquirer and Philadelphia Daily News, as well as the Web site philly.com. It will [...]")('2006052', 'OMV AG and Verbund, the Austrian energy companies that announced plans to merge in a 13.1 billion-euro ($16.7 billion) accord earlier this month, scrapped the deal because of mounting political opposition, the government said. Go to Article from Bloomberg News »')('2006052', 'The field of candidates to succeed Representative Major Owens of Brooklyn narrowed today: Assemblyman N. Nick Perry told The Empire Zone that he was withdrawing from that race and running instead for re-election. Mr. Perry said the decision was based on his conclusion that he stood poor chance of winning the Brooklyn seat. But he [...]')('2006052', 'Whirlpool has sifted through the assets of recently acquired Maytag and decided to divest several business lines that it picked up in the deal. Among the brands slated for sale are Hoover, which makes vacuum cleaners, as well as Amana and Jade, both of which make commercial appliances, Whirlpool said Tuesday in a press release. [...]')('2006052', "EMI Group on Tuesday vowed to continue pursuing an acquisition of United States-based rival Warner Music Group. The statement came as EMI of Britain reported a 20 percent increase in profit for the fiscal year. Investors seemed unconvinced, however. Shares of Warner Music barely budged after EMI's comments, declining less than 1 percent in mid-afternoon [...]")('2006052', 'It looks like CNBC anchor Maria Bartiromo may have had her first, last and only private chat with Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke. At a Senate Banking Committee hearing Tuesday on the subject of financial literacy, Mr. Bernanke was questioned about his now-infamous tete-a-tete with Ms. Bartiromo. At the White House Correspondents Dinner, he told [...]')('2006052', 'View Video A hearty welcome to those of you just joining us at The Empire Zone, a news blog about New York politics from The New York Times. Our main blogger, Patrick Healy, zipped up to Albany recently for some quality time in the Capitol press room (where Internet connectivity is still dicey), some Fish [...]')('2006052', 'Claiming there was a "systematic effort by senior management to manipulate accounting, reap financial rewards and prevent the rest of the world from knowing about it," federal regulators on Tuesday announced a settlement with Fannie Mae that included a $400 million penalty for the mortgage lending giant. The formal announcement came as the Office of [...]')('2006052', 'Weld-Faso has ended at Building Congress. Weld was funny and a bit windy, and Faso sounded smart about state government - like, budget-director smart. Some highlights: **Mr. Weld, asked about ground zero plans: "I don\'t happen to get the idea of a hole in the ground as a memorial" to 9/11 victims. And to end [...]')('2006052', "A flood of stories in recent days have questioned whether Internet telephone service Vonage can pull off its proposed initial public offering in the face of mounting competition. Deep in Vonage's recent regulatory filings, however, the company revealed a different potential problem related to its roughly $500 million offering. Vonage disclosed that aspects of its [...]")('2006052', 'Hedge fund manager Nelson Peltz wants to more than double the stock price of H.J. Heinz to as much as $81 a share. Toward that end, on Tuesday he released a position paper calling for Heinz to sell assets and boost its dividend payout ratio. Mr. Peltz has been making noise about Heinz for months. [...]')('2006052', "They say nobody doesn't like Sara Lee, but plenty of people don't like its poison-pill takeover defense. The company's shareholders approved a non-binding resolution to dissolve the poison-pill provision in October, and Sara Lee management responded on Monday by meeting them halfway, the Chicago Tribune reported. Sara Lee has pushed up the expiration date of [...]")('2006052', "William Weld (Nathaniel Brooks for The New York Times) In the unending dance between Gov. George E. Pataki and William Weld, perhaps silence is golden. For days now, aides to Mr. Pataki have said he would publicly endorse Mr. Weld in his bid for the Republican party's nomination. But with Mr. Pataki still saying he [...]")('2006052', 'Investment bank Lehman Brothers Holdings has agreed to pay $400,000 to settle charges that it filed inaccurate short-interest reports between January 2001 and May 2004, the enforcement and regulation unit of NYSE Group said on Tuesday. The unit, NYSE Regulation, alleged that Lehman submitted faulty monthly reports of short positions in securities listed on the [...]')('2006052', 'Swedish lockmaker Assa Abloy agreed to buy Minnesota-based Fargo Electronics for $300 million to gain access to its growing market for security cards and holographic badges. Assa said the acquisition will enable it to offer market-leading products and services for secure distributed ID and access card issuance. Assa said the cash deal, one of its [...]')('2006052', 'Paul Farrell over at MarketWatch notes the confusion over the real estate market and even mentions one of my favorite indicators, magazine covers. He recalls a book written by Edward R. Dewey, the former chief economist in FDR\'s Department of Commerce, titled "Cycles: The Mysterious Forces That Trigger Events." It contained a chart that showed [...]')('2006052', 'Avanir Pharmaceuticals on Tuesday said it agreed to buy a privately owned drugj company, Alamo Pharmaceuticals, for about $29 million in cash and notes. Go to Article from Reuters » Go to News Release from Avanir »')('2006052', 'Citing regulatory delays, satellite radio provider XM ended its $196 million bid for WCS Wireless late Monday. The 10-month-old bid, in which XM said it would issue 5.5 million shares to buy closely held WCS, would have provided the embattled radio provider with spectrum to expand its land-based radio services and extra features like video. [...]')('2006052', 'John Faso, at Building Congress, just made his pitch for Mayor Mike Bloomberg\'s endorsement. Mr. Faso said the mayor had done a "sterling" job managing city schools and was especially impressive at providing "adult supervision - especially over that City Council." Mr. Weld followed up by praising Mr. Bloomberg and schools chief Joel Klein as [...]')('2006052', 'The business software maker Oracle Corporation said on Tuesday that is had extended its tender offer for all shares of Portal Software through June 6. Oracle bid $220 million, or $4.90 a share, last month for Portal, which provides billing and revenue management software to communications and media companies. That offer was set to expire [...]')('2006052', "An Activision subsidiary, Activision Publishing, said on Tuesday it had signed a multiyear agreement giving it exclusive worldwide distribution rights to new video games based on Mattel's Barbie brand. Go to Article from Reuters » Go to Article from The Associated Press » Go to News Release from Activision »")('2006052', 'The placid reaction to HBO\'s "Baghdad ER" shows the extent to which support for the Iraq war has diminished, writes Philadelphia Inquirer political analyst Dick Polman at his blog. "It would be futile for the president\'s dwindling core of defenders to attack \'Baghdad ER\' for undermining domestic morale - because it has already been sapped, [...]')('2006052', 'At the NY Building Congress forum now, featuring Republican candidates for governor John Faso and Bill Weld. Bonhomie is breaking out. Mr. Weld, speaking first, shared some trivia - he and Mr. Faso both rode the Long Island Railroad to commute to school as children. Mr. Faso, meanwhile, referred to Mr. Weld as "my good [...]')('2006052', "Shareholders of the European stock exchange operator Euronext rejected a proposal Tuesday to declare a merger with the Deutsche Börse in the company's best interest, rather than a rival bid by the New York Stock Exchange. At the meeting, 54 percent of those represented voted against the proposal, while 38 percent backed the resolution, Euronext [...]")('2006052', "The New York Conservative Party holds its convention in Manhattan this afternoon to select a nominee for governor - former Assembly leader John Faso - and for the U.S. Senate race against Hillary Rodham Clinton - former Yonkers mayor John Spencer. The Times' Jenny Medina reports that Mr. Faso is also expected to announce his [...]")('2006052', "South Korea's antitrust watchdog has rejected an objection lodged by Microsoft over a ruling that the company should unbundle its media player and messaging service from Windows software. Microsoft, the world's biggest software company, was ordered in December by South Korea's Fair Trade Commission to make the separation or allow embedding of rival products on [...]")('2006052', 'The former chief executive of Enron, Kenneth L. Lay, acknowledged on Monday that he or his staff might have violated a federal law governing the use of personal bank loans to buy stocks, but he said that he never intended to defraud the banks or lie to them. "There is no doubt that we didn\'t [...]')('2006052', 'A Los Angeles lawyer pleaded guilty on Monday to a tax charge related to claims that he funneled money to a client of Milberg Weiss Bershad & Schulman, the law firm indicted last week on chargest it paid more than $11 million in kickbacks. The lawyer, Richard R. Purtich, 53, acted as a conduit to [...]')('2006052', 'Lance K. Poulsen, former chairman of National Century Financial Enterprises, and six other former executives were indicted on charges of plotting to defraud investors in the company, a health care finance concern that is now bankrupt. The 60-count indictment unsealed yesterday by federal prosecutors in Columbus, Ohio, named Mr. Poulsen, 62; Donald H. Ayers, 70; [...]')('2006052', "A former broker with Merrill Lynch who gave day traders access to the firm's internal communication system was banned from the industry under a settlement with federal regulators Monday. The former broker, Paul F. Coughlin, 34, accepted the ban without admitting or denying wrongdoing, the Securities and Exchange Commission said. He pleaded guilty in a [...]")('2006052', 'How lucky is William McGuire, wonders Bloomberg News columnist Graef Crystal, suggesting that the answer to that question is related to the $2.1 billion in options he amassed in the last 12 years as head of UnitedHealth. The Minneapolis-based health insurer is being investigated by the Securities and Exchange Commission, the United States attorney in [...]')('2006052', 'Thomas H. Lee Partners, the private equity group, is in advanced talks to recoup tens of millions of dollars it lost in the collapse of Refco as part of a wider settlement between United States authorities and Bawag, the Austrian bank linked to the bankrupt brokerage. The Financial Times reported that the company, which lost [...]')('2006052', "The flotation of Bank of China, the world's biggest share listing for six years, is attracting a large amount of demand from retail investors, despite the recent declines in the Hong Kong stock market. The bank will price shares in the $9.8 billion flotation Wednesday, with the retail order book set to close this Tuesday. [...]")('2006052', 'Juniper Networks joined a growing list of companies under scrutiny over allegations they engaged in questionable practices involving the grant of stock options to top executives. Semiconductor-equipment maker KLA-Tencor and chip designer Trident Microsystems also said that authorities had asked them for information on their options grants. They have both launched their own investigations into [...]')('2006052', 'Securities regulators sanctioned Los Angeles-based investment firm Crowell, Weedon, saying it violated customer identification requirements mandated by the Patriot Act. The Securities and Exchange Commission said the action was its first enforcement of rules designed to protect the financial system from money laundering and terrorism, although no such crimes were alleged in this case. Instead, [...]')('2006052', 'Perhaps looking to build on prior success in the waste services industry, DLJ Merchant Banking Partners said it has agreed to buy United Site Services, a provider of portable restrooms and services at sports stadiums, construction sites and other locations, from Odyssey Investment Partners. Terms of the deal were not disclosed. The transaction is expected [...]')('2006052', 'Water Street Capital Partners has purchased a majority stake in lab test company Lakewood Pathology Associates, its first deal since the firm formed last year. Water Street committed about $50 million in equity to the company. Part of that financed the deal itself, while the rest is intended to help the company make add-on acquisitions. [...]')('2006052', "The focus on fine cheese is intensifying as U.S. consumers gravitate toward high-quality food in general, and as retailers such as Whole Foods Market and Trader Joe's work to set themselves apart by the breadth of their cheese sections. The traditional product is becoming a bigger business. GTCR Golder Rauner is one private equity firm [...]")('2006052', 'Red Diamond Capital agreed to buy Avon Automotive for $118.9 million and said it was aiming to leverage its ties with Mitsubishi International to create a rubber auto parts platform out of the company. Avon Rubber agreed to sell the Cadillac, Mich.-based coolant and fuel hose maker yesterday, telling shareholders that price reductions, low margins [...]')('2006052', "Market10, a provider of job listings on the Internet, raised $13 million in a second round that founder and C.E.O. Rob McGovern will use to take on his first creation, CareerBuilder. Menlo Ventures led the round, which also included New Enterprise Associates. The funding brings Market10's total capital raised to $21 million, including $1 million [...]")('2006052', 'Apollo Management, the New York-based private equity firm, is raising a $1.5 billion publicly traded private equity vehicle similar to the one raised on May 3 by Kohlberg Kravis Roberts. According to The Deal.com, Apollo is raising the money as a 144A private placement, and plans to list the securities on the Euronext Amsterdam exchange [...]')('2006052', "Merrill Lynch's Asian operations have more than doubled in two years, having increased its personnel by more than 10 percent in each of the past two years, Asian chief Damian Chunilal said in an interview with FinanceAsia.com. He also explained why the investment bank took control of DSP Merrill Lynch in India, whereas both Citigroup [...]")('2006052', "Britain's Rexam, the world's largest drinks can maker, on Tuesday declared its 146 million euro ($188 million) bid made on February 22 for Amsterdam-listed Airspray, a foam pump maker, unconditional. About 4.5 million Airspray shares have been tendered under the offer, representing 82.8 percent of its issued and outstanding share capital, the companies said in [...]")('2006052', "Fannie Mae, the giant mortgage buyer, is expected to pay more than $400 million today as part of a settlement to resolve claims that executives manipulated earnings in the 1990's so they could receive bigger bonuses, The New York Times reported. A government official confirmed Fannie Mae's settlement with the Office of Federal Housing and [...]")('2006052', 'A slew of large takeovers in fixed-line telecoms saw the value of deals in the sector almost treble to 125 billion pounds ($235 billion) last year, according City law firm Eversheds. While the number of deals was the same as in 2004 at 210, surging equity values saw the total value of deals rise 263 [...]')('2006052', 'Newspaper publisher and broadcaster Tribune said that its Tribune Interactive subsidiary has acquired ForSaleByOwner.com, a national real-estate Web site, for an undisclosed amount. ForSaleByOwner.com, which connects home buyers and sellers through private-party residential property listings, had more than 1.6 million average monthly unique visitors last year, according to data from comScore Media Metrix. Go to [...]')('2006052', "U.S. pipeline giant Kinder Morgan has closed the sale of its Terasen water and utility services business for $124 million to a group that includes the Vancouver company's management and a major British Columbia pension fund. Houston-based Kinder Morgan has sold control of the unit, which provides water, waste water and utility products and services [...]")('2006052', "PT Unilever Indonesia, the nation's biggest consumer goods maker, has acquired an appetite for vanilla tea. The company, which started business in the Southeast Asian nation in 1933, is looking to buy companies that make flavored teas and snack-food brands as part of a plan to double sales to $2 billion in the next four [...]")('2006052', 'One day after The New York Stock Exchange launched a $10.2 billion offer for Euronext, Deutsche Börse fought back with a bid valued at $11.1 billion, as it seeks to create Europe\'s biggest stock market and expand in derivatives. But Paris-based Euronext, which said Monday that the NYSE\'s offer was the "most attractive" on the [...]')('2006052', 'Hellman & Friedman, a buyout firm with a specialty in financial services, may buy London-based Gartmore Investment Management, which oversees $78 billion, Bloomberg News reported. Hellman & Friedman, based in San Francisco, may pay as much as 500 million pounds ($944 million) for the U.K. fund manager, Gartmore, which owner Nationwide Mutual Life Insurance put [...]')('2006052', 'American Express weighed in Monday with a $10 billion stock buyback program and boosted its quarterly dividend by 25 percent as the Dow component puts its cash to work. The company said it will buy back up to 16 percent of its 1.2 billion outstanding shares. Based on its latest share price of $51.98, the [...]')('2006052', 'Citibank, the retail banking arm of Citigroup, is exploring ways to return to Saudi Arabia and is open to acquisitions in the Middle East and North Africa as part of aggressive regional expansion plans, William Rhodes, Citibank chairman, said on Monday. In an interview with the Financial Times, he said the ongoing oil boom had [...]')('2006052', 'Thanks to its relentless marketing and low prices, Vonage has quickly become synonymous with phone service over the Internet. But when Brandon Sehlke and his wife, Jennifer, moved into a new home in San Antonio two weeks ago, they chose a new Internet phone service from Time Warner Cable, not Vonage or AT&T, his old [...]')('2006052', 'Swedish firm Bonnier Magazine Group has taken on the American magazine market by grabbing a stake in World Publications, owners of Saveur, Garden Design, Caribbean Travel & Life and Water Skiing. Bonnier, with 61 daily metro newspapers across the globe, is believed to be paying between $80 million and $90 million for a 49 percent [...]')('2006052', "Royal Philips Electronics agreed to buy the U.K.'s Avent Holdings for 460 million pounds ($868 million) to add baby soothers and bottle warmers to the appliances division. Philips, Europe's largest consumer electronics maker, will buy Avent in cash from London-based buyout firm Charterhouse Capital Partners. The acquisition is expected to close in the third quarter, [...]")('2006052', "First Republic Bank agreed to buy BWC Financial, the parent of Bank of Walnut Creek, for $177 million in stock. In a separate transaction, Simonich said it has acquired the 51 percent part of BWC Mortgage Services that it didn't already own, but didn't disclose the terms of that sale. Bank of Walnut Creek was [...]")('2006052', "Eircom, Ireland's dominant telecommunications company, is set to be taken private for the second time in five years after it on Tuesday recommended a 2.36 billion euros takeover offer led by Babcock & Brown, the Australian financial services company. The offer, pitched at 2.20 euros a share, ended months of uncertainty over the future of [...]")('2006052', "Federated Department Stores has completed the first of two sales of credit-card receivables it picked up in the acquisition of May Department Stores. Terms of the sale to Citigroup were undisclosed. More than 40 percent of the May's credit-card portfolio has been converted through the completion of the transaction. Go to Article from The Business [...]")('2006052', 'A team led by Goldman Sachs Group raised its bid for Associated British Ports Holdings, the biggest U.K. ports company, by 11 percent to 2.4 billion pounds ($4.5 billion). Associated British Ports received an offer of 810 pence a share in cash and will allow Goldman Sachs to examine its accounts. The company rejected an [...]')('2006052', 'French buyout shop PAI Partners has agreed to buy French energy and rail industry services group Amec Spie from British construction and infrastructure management company Amec for 1.04 billion euros ($1.33 billion), beating both two other private equity bidders and construction group Vinci. Amec, which originally bought a stake in Paris-based Amec Spie in 1997 [...]')('2006052', 'J.P. Morgan\'s team of Internet analysts has issued a report speculating on a number of potential mergers or partnerships among the largest Web companies - it\'s an interesting read brought to our attention by PaidContent.org. Of all the possible pairings, the combination that the report deems "most strategically feasible" is a union between Yahoo and [...]')('2006052', 'The German media conglomerate Bertelsmann said that it might buy out a minority shareholder, Groupe Bruxelles Lambert, and avoid the need for an initial public offering. Under an earlier agreement, Groupe Bruxelles Lambert, a Belgian holding company, can formally request an initial public offering today to realize its stated goal of selling its 25.1 percent [...]')('2006052', "Many of the nation's next crop of M.B.A. holders have studied their last case study and taken their last final exam, putting us firmly in commencement season. Although it may not help them land a better job or higher pay, a big-name commencement speaker could give certain members of the class of 2006 their first [...]")('2006052', 'In this lesson, students learn about the marketing of permethrin (insect repellent) -treated clothing. They then research a variety of insects, plants, and animals dangerous to humans to create their own designs for protective or repellent gear.')('2006052', 'David S Wachsman letter, prompted by May 20 editorial criticizing proposed English language only amendment to immigration bill, says amendment is punitive response to genuine need')('2006052', 'Washington Wizards coach Eddie Jones is fined $25,000 for suggesting that referees favored Cleveland Cavaliers guard LeBron James during playoffs (S)')('2006052', 'Carla Wallach letter says previous generations of immigrants learned English and American customs and that current immigrants should too (May 20 editorial)')('2006052', 'Megan Adams letter, prompted by May 22 article on horse that sustained ankle break in Preakness Stakes, asks if racehorses are bred so that their light bones cannot withstand force of their stride')('2006052', 'Christine M Flowers letter, prompted by May 21 editorial on immigration reform debate in Senate, says immigrants should become proficient in English or they are doomed to lives of marginalization')('2006052', 'Yair Chaver letter on May 16 article about genetically modified clothing warns that all gene modifications create risk to environment')('2006052', 'Richard Pook letter says legislating English as official language is state-sponsored bigotry (May 20 editorial)')('2006052', 'Dr Lee Jong Wook, 61-year-old World Health Organization director general, dies in Geneva just minutes before he was scheduled to speak at World Health Assembly meeting; photo (M)')('2006052', 'Damien Hirst sculpture For the Love of God is human skull cast in platinum and covered in 8,500 diamonds at cost of at least $15 million; skull will be on view with The Virgin Mother, which is 35-foot-tall, 13.5-ton bronze statue exposing bones, muscle tissue and fetus of hugely pregnant woman, in courtyard outside Royal Academy of Arts in London; photo (S)')('2006052', 'Letter from Dr Vincent Deleo and Matthew Silvan, prompted by May 18 article on appeal of tanning despite health risks, says developmental and psychological components must be considered when designing prevention programs')('2006052', 'James Shelland letter, prompted by May 20 article on graduates of New School University heckling Sen John McCain and Bob Kerrey at commencement ceremony, criticizes hecklers for trying to disrupt expression of views they do not like')('2006052', 'Michael Hadjiargyrou letter on May 16 article about genetically modified fabrics says there is no evidence of harmful effects')('2006052', 'Arts, Bri4')('2006052', 'April Pedersen letter on May 16 article about animals with human attributes finds humor in comparing man and beast')('2006052', "Janet Waters letter, prompted by Janet Schwartz May 22 essay asking why general population is so concerned about well-being of racehorses, says people marvel at horses' grace, beauty, strength and courage")('2006052', 'M2Z Networks asks Federal Communications Commission to give it band of radio spectrum for free high-speed wireless Internet network that would cover most of US and be supported by advertising; network, backed by several prominent venture capitalists, says plan could hasten spread of broadband Internet use and lead to lower prices by spurring competition with cable and telephone giants that dominate Internet market (M)')('2006052', 'Q & A column describes why photographs taken in space do not always show stars and other objects; drawing (M)')('2006052', 'ABC wins ratings for Sunday night with shows Desperate Housewives and Extreme Makeover: Home Edition; photo (S)')('2006052', 'Murray J Friedman letter, prompted by May 21 editorial on immigration reform being debated in Senate, says it may be better to work for incremental changes on all aspects of immigration problem')('2006052', 'Boosey & Hawkes, London-based publisher of classical and contempo7')('2006052', 'Mimi Turque letter, prompted by Maureen Dowd May 20 Op-Ed on student protests at New School University commencement ceremony with speaker Sen John McCain, says New School president Bob Kerrey rose to occasion')('2006052', 'Carol Svolos letter on May 16 article about people who are allergic to their pets presents humorous song about condition')('2006052', 'Richard Kessler and Debbie Ferraro letter, prompted by Clyde Haberman May 19 column on New York City and New Jersey road rage, says they believe this is regional issue and that state and local government must improve law enforcement and driver education')('2006052', 'Eve Winer letter, prompted by Nicholas D Kristof May 21 Op-Ed on unhealthy trans fats in Girl Scout cookies, says sugar, refined flour and empty calories in cookies are also unhealthy')('2006052', 'New York Philharmonic cancels semi-staged concert performance of Stephen Sondheim and George Furth musical Company on news that production directed by John Doyle will open on Broadway in November; photo (S)')('2006052', 'Benn Johnson letter on May 16 article about link between scent preference and sexual orientation says that his experience as fragrance artist supports research conclusions')('2006052', 'Photo of Crown Heights, Brooklyn (NYC), scene where eight-year-old Amber Sadiq was killed when vacant school bus rolled over her near PS 161 (M)')('2006052', 'Photo of Braxton Bilbrey, 7, and his parents after he became one of youngest swimmers to cross 1.4-mile channel from Alcatraz Island to Aquatic Park in San Francisco')('2006052', "Graph demonstrates how parents are often unaware of their child's weight problem; drawing (M)")('2006052', 'A O Scott Cannes Notebook on Nanni Moretti documentary The Caiman, which premiered at Cannes International Film Festival; Moretti comments on film and on Silvio Berlusconi, subject of documentary; photo (M)')('2006052', "Nancy R Tag letter says Sen John McCain's comments about New School student protesters were just as canned as his commencement speech (May 20 article)")('2006052', 'Two construction workers are injured at Upper East Side building site after crane knocks wooden planks loose from 10th floor of building (S)')('2006052', 'I am not in Iraq - but when you are of Iraq, Iraq goes with you, most everywhere. Last weekend, I was at a wedding in Florida of the daughter of Iraqi Cleveland friends to the boy she fell in love with in high school. He\'s "American," which is very unusual, especially for an Iraqi [...]')('2006052', "I've been traveling in the American Corn Belt this past week, and wherever I go, people are talking about the promise of ethanol. Corn-distillation plants are popping up across the country like dandelions, and local ethanol boosters in Minnesota, Illinois, Iowa and even Washington State (where Bill Gates is jumping into the business) are giddy [...]")('2006052', 'Having set a personal record after lunch of walking from beyond the Casino square down to the paddock along the Monaco streets that will be used as the track – I did it in a little over 10 minutes, and it must be a couple of kilometers and the sun beat down hard – I [...]')('2006052', "So the comments to the Zone have been a real eye-opener over its first 36 hours. Ditto the comments about it, some of which have been a riot. Several posters have asked questions about how the blog works and doesn't work. I'll try to help: The writers, including myself, are reporters. We read the comments [...]")('2006052', 'The first of 5,300 new army homes in Hawaii was unveiled this week. The homes, at Schofield Barracks in Oahu, all have at least three bedrooms and will "feature lanais in keeping with the indigenous architecture of the region." The houses are largely solar-powered, too. The press release included this tidbit: According to the office [...]')('2006052', "The Bank of China's massive $9.7 billion initial public offering apparently did not quench the desire for shares in the country's flagship lender. Even as the bank was completing its offering - the world's biggest I.P.O. in six years - a group led by Prince Walid bin Talal of Saudi Arabia on Wednesday offered to [...]")('2006052', "Jeanine Pirro (James Estrin/The New York Times) Jeanine F. Pirro swung by my chair at the Conservative convention Tuesday and sounded energized about her bid for New York attorney general. She wouldn't say so, but the presumptive Republican-Conservative nominee smells blood in the Democratic water, according to two of her advisers. The reason? Check out [...]")('2006052', "So how long can Mr. Outsider remain Mr. Outsider and still make his way inside? For months now Tom Suozzi has been glorying in his self-described status as the most friendless Democrat in New York politics as he takes on the Establishment Democrat in the race for governor, Eliot Spitzer. It's come to the point [...]")('2006052', "Apple's new, 13-inch, low-cost laptop, the MacBook, is a very sweet laptop that's gained more than it's lost.")('2006052', 'Inspired by the recent pickup in bank mergers, analysts at Citigroup issued a 21-page report this week handicapping which banks might be in play - and which might be the players. The banks with the "highest potential upside in a sale" - as defined by the difference between the current share price and the expected [...]')('2006052', "A June 7 fundraiser at Ditka's Restaurant in Chicago for David McSweeney, a Republican congressional candidate in a high-priority race for the national party. Mr. McSweeney's campaign manager, Jim Thacker, said his candidate and Mr. Giuliani don't have much history together, but noted that party leaders - including Vice President Dick Cheney - are lining [...]")('2006052', 'A British engineering firm, Invensys, said on Wednesday that it had sold its building management systems operations in the United States and Asia Pacific to Schneider Electric of France for $296 million in cash. Go to Article from Reuters »')('2006052', "As Enron's former chief executives await a jury verdict in their criminal fraud trial, Enron's former shareholders got a piece of good news (but a small one, in the scheme of things). A judge on Wednesday approved a $6.6 billion settlement with three banks - Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce, J.P. Morgan Chase and Citigroup [...]")('2006052', 'One prominent Republican who won\'t be at the party\'s state convention next week is Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg. Asked today if he would attend, he replied, "I didn\'t plan to, no." He did not address his plans for the Democratic convention. – Diane Cardwell')('2006052', 'The Hansen Natural Corporation, a distributor of fruit juices and other beverages, could be open to being acquired if the right offer were made, its chief executive said on Wednesday. Go to Article from Reuters »')('2006052', "Americans' love of fast food has prompted much concern about their waistlines, their cholesterol levels, their blood sugar.")('2006052', 'L-3 Communications Holdings, which makes flight recorders and wireless telecom equipment, said Wednesday it had agreed to acquire the Crestview Aerospace Corporation, a manufacturer of aircraft components, for $135 million. Go to Article from The Associated Press via Yahoo » Go to Article from Reuters via Yahoo » Go to News Release from L-3 »')('2006052', "Now you can make free calls from your computer to any telephone number in the U.S., courtesy of Skype. Don't say I never did anything for you.")('2006052', '"I was having to learn how to run and chew gum at the same time. Lucky I\'m not a Republican." - William F. Weld. Okay, it\'s fiction, not fact - one of the many amusing passages in Mr. Weld\'s first novel, "Mackerel by Moonlight\'\' (Simon & Schuster, 1998), a political potboiler. Still, Mr. Weld - [...]')('2006052', "In this lesson, students learn about the May 2006 referendum in Montenegro that established the land's independence from Serbia. They then research other regions around the world in which political movements are seeking independence for their territories and role play from the perspectives of the various parties involved.")('2006052', "John Spencer, the former mayor of Yonkers, was working the halls of the Capitol this morning, making his pitch to Senate Republicans that they should unite behind him in the challenge to Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton and skip having a primary. His visit came a day after getting the Conservative Party's nod and a day [...]")('2006052', 'Readers respond to Thomas Friedman\'s May 24 column, "A Million Manhattan Projects" David Clow, Los Angeles: Bill Gross\'s characterization of the distributed Manhattan Project is foolish. The Manhattan Project didn\'t create a nationwide network of firecrackers. It created, under close organization and teamwork, a necessary result, at urgent speed, for the national good. Distribution in [...]')('2006052', "Shares of the Internet phone service provider Vonage Holdings dropped as much as 14.7 percent on Wednesday amid mounting skepticism about its closely watched initial public offering. The stock priced at $17 late Tuesday - the middle of the expected range - but traded as low as $14.50 early in Wednesday's session. One analyst suggested [...]")('2006052', "The entertaining bidding war for casino owner Aztar appears to be over, but TransMontaigne has stepped in to fill the void. Transmontaigne, an oil products marketing company, announced Wednesday that it has accepted a revised $11.25-a-share cash bid from pipelines partnership SemGroup. The latest offer tops Morgan Stanley's most recent bid of $11 a share. [...]")('2006052', "Hewlett-Packard's acquisition of Compaq in 2001 turned out to be the biggest flop this side of Time Warner and America Online, right? Wrong, writes Alan Murray in a commentary in The Wall Street Journal on Wednesday. Mr. Murray is challenging the conventional wisdom behind this watershed computer deal, and he says he is not alone: [...]")('2006052', 'Dissenting from the chorus of "who cares?" liberal-blog criticism of Tuesday\'s front-page story in The New York Times on the state of the Clintons\' marriage, David Corn, Washington editor of The Nation, suggests on his personal blog that the subject is a valid one for voters to consider when they cast their ballots, particularly when [...]')('2006052', 'Laura Rozen, a senior correspondent for The American Prospect, is mystified by the Congressional Republican leadership\'s decision to challenge the executive branch\'s authority to investigate an allegedly corrupt Democrat. "In a city that has become so hyper, Beria-like politicized, House G.O.P. leaders have overwhelmingly sided with a House Democrat looking at face value pretty vulnerable [...]')('2006052', "In what would be the largest overseas acquisition by a Chinese company, China Mobile is close to an agreement to buy Luxembourg-based Millicom International Cellular for $5.3 billion, The Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday, citing unnamed sources. However, a Hong Kong newspaper, The Standard, reported on Wednesday that China Mobile's parent company had already [...]")('2006052', "Senator Clinton addressed the National Press Club on May 23. (Charles Dharapak/Associated Press) It was a little-noticed comment in Hillary Rodham Clinton's speech yesterday about energy policy. But the remarks suggests that Mrs. Clinton is inching toward calling for a reduction in the American military presence in Iraq. Mrs. Clinton, whose support for the war [...]")('2006052', 'Speculation continues that Western Digital, a maker of computer hard drives, is a strong candidate to be acquired. The Washington Post on Wednesday cited a recent report from analysts at Bear Stearns asserting that a foreign firm - perhaps Hitachi or Toshiba – might buy the company, which has a market capitalization of nearly $4.5 [...]')('2006052', 'On Tuesday Bill Weld called himself a "bomb-throwing, iconoclastic governor" during his years in Massachusetts. Given his panning of the 9/11 memorial design, which the tabs aren\'t letting him forget this morning, one wonders if his loose and unpredictable style - which made him personally popular in Massachusetts - will come off as glib or [...]')('2006052', 'The Sara Lee Corporation said Wednesday it expects to complete the spinoff of Hanesbrands, the owner of clothing brands including Hanes, Playtex and Wonderbra, by September. The split is part of a plan, which Sara Lee announced last year, to focus on its food, beverage, household and body-care products. Hanesbrands will become a stand-alone company [...]')('2006052', "MasterCard, the world's second-largest credit-card brand, will end four decades as a private entity tomorrow when it begins trading on the New York Stock Exchange. The Purchase, N.Y., credit card association is expected to raise $2.6 billion in its initial public offering of 6.5 million shares, according to conservative estimates, making it the biggest flotation [...]")('2006052', "Pierre Danon is to enter talks with the Irish government about a break-up of the country's former phone monopoly, Eircom, once his backers complete a 2.42 billion euro ($3.11 billion) takeover of the company. Mr. Danon, former chief executive of BT's consumer division, is to become executive chairman of Eircom, which agreed to be taken [...]")('2006052', 'Eurotunnel has signed a preliminary binding restructuring agreement over 6 billion pounds of debt with its major creditors and will present the plan to other debt holders in coming weeks. Eurotunnel, whose shares have been suspended in Britain and France, will delay its annual meeting to July 12 from June 30 and seek new financing [...]')('2006052', "A trustee in Calpine's bankruptcy case has sued a financing arm of Philip Morris's parent the Altria Group, to recover $363.5 million and control of two idled power plants, court papers show. In a complaint filed with the United States District Court in Manhattan, the trustee, U.S. Bank, a unit of U.S. Bancorp, said Philip [...]")('2006052', "Every October, some 50 former Home Depot managers, calling themselves the Former Orange-Blooded Executives, after the home-improvement chain's trademark bright orange color, gather in Atlanta to reminisce, chat about new jobs and pass around pictures of their children. The discussion inevitably turns to the changes at Home Depot under its chief executive, Robert L. Nardelli. [...]")('2006052', "General Motors is asking a New York bankruptcy court judge to adjourn hearings for as long as two months to give the company and its largest supplier, the Delphi Corporation, more time to negotiate a union agreement and avert a strike. The request sought to adjourn hearings scheduled to resume on Wednesday on Delphi's request [...]")('2006052', "A senator plans hearings on the defense-contracting practices that led the Boeing Company to agree to pay $615 million to end a Justice Department investigation. Senator John Warner, a Republican from Virginia, said his Armed Services Committee would not limit itself to Chicago-based Boeing, the nation's second-largest defense contractor, and would look into other aerospace [...]")('2006052', 'The firm behind Morpheus online file-swapping software is suing eBay and 21 other defendants in a dispute over the right to technology used to make telephone calls over the Internet. The federal lawsuit, filed by Los Angeles-based StreamCast Networks , also names as defendants the Internet phone service provider Skype and the founders of Kazaa, [...]')('2006052', 'the New York attorney general, Eliot Spitzer, announced settlements with the Fidelity National Title Group and First American, the number one and number two title insurers in the nation, resolving a two-year probe into illegal payments to agents and favored customers. Mr. Spitzer said the two insurers last year garnered in excess of 55 percent [...]')('2006052', "An investor group led by the Boston buyout house Bain Capital is engineering a dividend recapitalization of Bombardier Recreational Products of Canada that could more than repay the investors' original investment in the company, which makes snowmobiles and outboard motors, after just two and a half years. Moody's Investors Service said that Bombardier Recreational plans [...]")('2006052', "Crispin Odey, one of the grandees of the London hedge fund world, warned that the industry could be doomed, likening it to a disaster at the Lloyd's of London insurance market in the 1980's. Most hedge funds had enjoyed the massive benefit of cheap money and would be found wanting by the coming era of [...]")('2006052', 'William Spiegel, Cypress Group\'s president since 2004, has resigned and will join a startup investment firm headed by Howard Newman, a former partner at Warburg Pincus, The Deal.com reported. Mr. Spiegel\'s resignation follows on the heels of another top-level loss, Cypress\'s co-chairman, James "Jamie" Singleton. Mr. Spiegel\'s colleagues, according to The Deal.com, reacted to the [...]')('2006052', "AnchorFree has raised a $6 million Series A round to help it pull other free WiFi providers into a unified marketing and advertising system. AnchorFree's president, David Gorodyansky, said the round closed on Monday and came from a group of investors including the former chairman of MCI Communications, Bert Roberts, and a venture capital firm, [...]")('2006052', 'ArchPro Design Automation raised $4.5 million in its second round of venture funding. Investors include Intel Capital, the investment unit of Intel, and Santa Clara-based Entrepia Ventures. The San Jose-based company said its total venture capital funding to date is $5.5 million. The company said it is moving from product development to customer deployment of [...]')('2006052', "Mechanology has raised $6 million to support what it calls the first major innovation in compressor technology in the last 30 years. Founded in 1989 from research developed in the 1980's by Steve Chomyszak at Stanford University, Mechanology, of Attleboro, Mass., intends to commercialize something called the Toroidal Intersecting Vane Machine. The compressor relies on [...]")('2006052', 'Sequel Venture Partners, an early-stage Colorado-focused firm, has added a sixth partner as it heads out for a new fund targeting $200 million. The firm expects a first close of its fourth fund by the fourth quarter of this year, VentureWire Professional reported, quoting a partner, Tim Connor. To help deploy the new fund, Sequel [...]')('2006052', "Inrix, the first of what is expected to be a reliable flow of technology spinoffs from Microsoft, raised $10 million in a second round of venture capital led by Boston's Bain Capital Ventures. Inrix's founder and chief executive, Bryan Mistele, said the Kirkland, Wash.-based company completed the round in less than a month, after being [...]")('2006052', 'Nordstrom told shareholders at their annual meeting in Seattle that it plans to repurchase $1 billion of its shares. In the first quarter of 2006, the company bought back $500 million of its shares. The $1 billion share repurchase program was announced by Blake Nordstrom, company president, and will be carried out through open market [...]')('2006052', 'There has been a significant correction in global stock markets and China has just flagged another round of measures to prevent its property market from overheating. However, that has not stopped four mainland property developers from readying to tap the I.P.O. market. Collectively they are looking to raise up to $2.4 billion over the next [...]')('2006052', 'A former economic adviser to Russian president Vladimir Putin has warned that the planned flotation of the state-owned oil giant Rosneft would see "the London Stock Exchange being used to distribute stolen assets," the Telegraph reported. Andrei Illarionov, who quit the Putin government last December to protest the erosion of Russia\'s political and economic freedom, [...]')('2006052', "Citigroup is in talks with China Life and other Chinese companies about joining its bid for a controlling stake in the Guangdong Development Bank, after the central government refused to relax foreign investment rules for the sale. Having a powerful partner such as China Life, the country's largest life assurer, would help Citigroup stay in [...]")('2006052', 'The bookseller Ottakar\'s is hoping for a swift conclusion to takeover talks with HMV, owner of the rival Waterstone\'s chain. Reporting a further slide in sales over recent weeks, Ottakar\'s chairman, Philip Dunne, said discussions with HMV were continuing and "the board are keen to finalise any discussions as quickly as possible". HMV first bid [...]')('2006052', 'CBS is mulling the sale of radio stations in 10 of its smaller markets as the company works to streamline itself in the aftermath of its split from Viacom. The company said it intends to divest stations in Cincinnati and Columbus, Ohio; Buffalo and Rochester, N.Y.; Austin and San Antonio, Texas; Kansas City; Memphis; Fresno, [...]')('2006052', "Stark Investments, a hedge fund with a sizeable investment in Mills, the troubled mall developer, has increased its stake in the company. Stark has purchased 720,000 shares in the company since late March and now controls 4.95 million shares, or 8.7 percent of Mills's stock. Stark said in a filing with the Securities and Exchange [...]")('2006052', 'The business models associating with open source software - code that is open to developers and freely distributed - are rapidly evolving, but still nascent. Recent events show one thing clearly: there is money to be made in open source. Not content to rest on their laurels while smaller open source players garner market share [...]')('2006052', "Aleris International has agreed to buy Corus Group's downstream aluminum business for about 700 million euros ($894 million) in cash. The deal price excludes about 28 million euros in debt assumption. The deal includes Corus's aluminum rolling and extrusion businesses, but not the primary aluminum smelters. Following completion of the proposed transaction, Aleris, which makes [...]")('2006052', 'Reynolds and Reynolds has agreed to buy a software provider, DCS Group for 21.7 million pounds, or about $41 million including net debt of about 10.8 million pounds. DCS shareholders would receive 31.5 pence for each DCS share. The deal requires the approval of the court and DCS shareholders. If approved, the deal is expected [...]')('2006052', "Deutsche Börse has no choice but to increase its bid for Euronext after Ejuronext's shareholders voted against a proposal that a merger with Deutsche Börse was in the best interests of shareholders and called for higher offers from both the New York Stock Exchange and the German exchange. The Telegraph believes Deutsche Börse is on [...]")('2006052', 'Viacom, struggling to grow on its own, wants to build its international business through acquisitions and joint ventures, a company official told a media conference on Tuesday. The chief financial officer, Mike Dolan, said Viacom, owner of MTV Networks, Nickelodeon and Paramount Pictures, had concentrated too much of its international expansion on slower-growing Western Europe. [...]')('2006052', 'What kind of man is Kenneth L. Lay? How a judge chooses to answer will be crucial in determining whether Mr. Lay will be convicted in a trial dealing with his personal bank loans. The trial ended in Houston on Tuesday. The case, in which Mr. Lay faces four charges of fraud and lying to [...]')('2006052', "James Packer's Publishing & Broadcasting and Melco International Development are planning to sell $1 billion of shares in an initial public offering of their Macau casino venture, Bloomberg reported. The companies plan to sell 20 percent of the venture and list the stock on the Nasdaq exchange in New York later this year. The sale [...]")('2006052', "Citigroup's Smith Barney brokerage unit has agreed to pay $98 million to settle claims that thousands of current and former brokers are owed overtime pay and other reimbursements. The proposed settlement is the latest and largest by securities firms that contend brokers are exempt from state and federal overtime laws because they are salaried, administrative [...]")('2006052', "The Bank of China Ltd. raised 75.4 billion Hong Kong dollars ($9.73 billion) in the world's biggest initial public offering in six years, despite a rocky time for Asian stock markets. The bank, China's second-largest lender, sold the shares at 2.95 Hong Kong dollars apiece, 5 cents below the top of its target range. The [...]")('2006052', 'Northgate Minerals has begun a $435-million all-share bid for a smaller rival, Aurizon Mines, a move that analysts said would help Northgate tackle its growth problems but that left the door open to competing bids. Vancouver-based Northgate, which operates the Kemess South mine in northern British Columbia, announced the bid for Aurizon in an attempt [...]')('2006052', 'China is considering rules that would allow companies to use their own equity for acquisitions to increase the number of takeovers, according to a draft released Tuesday. Analysts said the new rules for takeovers, released for discussion by the China Securities Regulatory Commission, would have a big impact on the ability of listed companies to [...]')('2006052', "At more than $11 billion, last year's acquisition of SunGard Data Systems was, and still is, the largest technology buyout ever. But the deal may look relatively modest in hindsight, if Tuesday's predictions by some leading private equity executives are any indication. It is hardly surprising to learn that buyout shops are looking toward larger [...]")('2006052', 'Vonage Holdings and its underwriters on Wednesday succeeded in staging an initial public offering for the Internet telephone pioneer. It was an important milestone for the company, which will need the funds to fend of increasing competition in a field it helped to create. The offering raised $531 million, making it one of the largest [...]')('2006052', 'Cloe Axelson letter says buying energy-efficient light bulb or car will not solve climate problems but, done collectively, can be part of effort that allows Americans to be part of solution')('2006052', 'Paul Eric Plavcan letter says much of what is described in May 23 article about marriage of Bill and Hillary Clinton is true for almost every marriage, including his own')('2006052', "Charles T Clark letter says logical conclusion of Katherine Ellison's May 20 Op-Ed is not her submitting to lack of leadership on global warming but her inspiring concerted effort among mothers to do more than buy fluorescent light bulbs")('2006052', 'New York Yankees infielder Jason Giambi is given day off in game against Boston Red Sox (M)f')('2006052', 'Vivienne Leheny letter hopes marriages of John McCain, Rudolph Giuliani and other presidential hopefuls are s ubject to same scrutiny as May 23 article devoted to Bill and Hillary Clinton')('2006052', 'Photo of three buildings destroyed by fire in Shenandoah, Virginia')('2006052', "Letter from Elisabeth Drake, Michael Golay and Jefferson Tester of MIT says Clean Energy Transition endorsed by Katherine Ellison's May 20 Op-Ed is postive step but seriously underestimates scale and types of changes needed to mitigateglobal warming")('2006052', "Amb Sabi Sensoy letter rebuts May 16 editorial, laying out Turkish government's case that allegation of genocide against Armenians have never been substantiated")('2006052', 'Mary Blewett letter on ways to start addressing global warming, on local level')('2006052', "TNS Gallop AdFact, ad tracking agency in Moscow, reports that Chevron of US, Statoil and Hydro of Norway and Total of France, all of whom are in talks with Gazprom to join consortium to develop Shtokman offshore gas deposit, have run at least 33 television ads on Gazprom's NTV and 86 print ads in Moscow during time of negotiations; says only Conoco has not run ads; Chevron says timing was coincidental; Total says ads were unrelated to Shtokman; Statoil says such ads are normal (M)")('2006052', "Lidia Bastianich's new magazine Lidia: Italy at Home and magazine Imbibe described; photos (M)")('2006052', "Howard Drossman letter on Katherine Ellison's May 20 Op-Ed about global warming; points out that in closely split Congress just a few independent green members could change focus of misguided energy policy to address global warming and other issues")('2006052', "Steve Fought letter on May 23 article about Sec Condoleezza Rice's speech to Boston College graduates; wishes she had followed her ownadvice about avoiding easy course of 'Amen' to everything when her bosses were in mad rush to war in Iraq")('2006052', 'J P Slavin letter on May 23 article about Bill and Hillary Clinton suggests Clinton give up late Tex-Mex dinners')('2006052', 'Six-year-old boy finds his Mother Patricia Torres stabbed to death inside their Brooklyn (NYC) home; police had been at home night before following up on 911 call reporting domestic dispute between Torres and her boyfriend but found nothing amiss (M)')('2006052', "Letter from Girl Scout Clarissa Tanner on Nicholas Kristof's May 21 column says Scouts are more about learning and having fun than selling cookies")('2006052', 'Mark Bittman Minimalist column gives recipe for vegetable soup with basil (M)')('2006052', 'A O Scott Cannes Journal on director Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu, whose film Babel is debuting at Cannes International Film Festival; photo (M)')('2006052', "TNT's broadcast of NBA playoff games is up 12 percent in ratings (M)5")('2006052', 'Photo of Orlando Bosquete and supporters after 1983 rape conviction in Florida is voided based on DNA tests; Bosquete, who came from Cuba in 1980, escaped from prison in 1985 and spent ten years on the run')('2006052', "Mary McLemore letter believes what holds Bill and Hillary Clinton's marriage together is their belief that they are smartest people in world and ambition")('2006052', 'Kevin Little letter on what individuals can to to address global warming')('2006052', 'Photo of Seekers, Christian group, saying prayer before class at Stuyvesant High School (NYC) (M)')('2006052', 'Fox wins ratings among viewers age 18 to 49 for Monday night with season finale of 24; CBS wins ratings in total viewers with shows The King of Queens, The New Adventures of Old Christine, Two and a Half Men and CSI: Miami; photo (S)')('2006052', 'Alexander Dent letter on May 23 article about their marriage as invasion of privacy of Bill and Hillary Clinton')('2006052', 'Manohla Dargis Cannes Journal on French director Bruno Dumont, whose film Flandres is debuting at Cannes International Film Festival; photo (M)')('2006052', 'Peter Lydon letter says grip of torpor, denial and inertia on global warming is worldwide, but strongest in US')('2006052', "Taylor's gold pears, which come from New Zealand, are now available through mid-June at Agata & Valentina (NYC); photo (S)")('2006052', 'CREW DETAILS HOW SAILOR DIED DURING OCEAN RACE*')('2006052', 'Food items and gifts are for sale at Three Tarts, new shop in Chelsea (NYC); photos (M)')('2006052', 'Photo of Miami Heat win over Detroit Pistons in Game 1 of Eastern Conference finals1')('2006052', 'Kelsey McNeal/FOXJack Bauer (Kiefer Sutherland) and Audrey Raines (Kim Raver) reunite on an episode of "24." Monday night, in the next-to-last minutes of "24," as Jack Bauer locked lips with Audrey Raines in anticipation of some much-needed R&R, I found myself thinking, If that man were prone to migraines, after the day he\'s had, he\'d [...]')('2006052', 'While watching the first half of the practice this morning and thinking yet again about how little the regular race drivers go out onto the track during that first session – with most of the work being done by the third drivers, or test drivers – I commented to Richard Williams, the sports writer of [...]')('2006052', 'Hillary Rodham Clinton and Ed Koch in 2000. (James Estrin/The New York Times) Former Mayor Koch is very busy these days. Not only is he writing letters praising Senator McCain, he is also busy dining in Washington – with Senator Clinton. The Senator brought along Mr. Koch as a special guest on Wednesday to the [...]')('2006052', "Here is an odd quirk of timing: On the same day a jury convicted Enron's former chief executives of fraud and conspiracy related to its spectacular collapse, the company announced the sale of its last major business unit. Enron - yes, it still exists, as a vehicle to pay its creditors - said Thursday that [...]")('2006052', 'Speaking of World Cup preparation matches, last night at Giants Stadium more than 50,000 people turned out to watch Ecuador play Colombia. As always in these matters, not a single New York City English-language daily carried a word about the match, which ended in a 1-1 draw. Fortunately, we have the Internet, which gets us [...]')('2006052', "Making good on our promise to span the globe - which, like the ball and the blog, is indeed round - we see that The Sydney Morning Herald reports a big crowd was on hand today in Sydney to see their beloved Socceroos beat Greece, 1-0, in the Aussies' first pre-World Cup friendly. Thanks to [...]")('2006052', "Just because you're American doesn't mean you're immune to worrying obsessively over the national team's poor performance. So let's look in on the hyperventilating taking place over the United States national team's 1-0 loss to Morocco in Tuesday night's friendly in Nashville. Newspaper accounts are one thing - not that there's anything wrong with them, [...]")('2006052', "Wilkommen! Today we begin our World Cup blog for Germany 2006. This will be one element of The Times's comprehensive coverage of the tournament on the Web and in the paper. In this blog we'll be relaying news and notes from all around the soccer world to you - and when the matches begin in [...]")('2006052', "I'm thrilled that readers are writing in to recommend fast-food restaurants I didn't get to visit, some coupled with questions, implicit and explicit, about why I left certain territory unexplored. Here are some answers.")('2006052', 'Priceless? Not exactly, but newly minted shares of credit card giant MasterCard were certainly in heavy demand on Thursday. The stock jumped 18 percent in its first day of trading on the New York Stock Exchange. Of course, the rise also reflected how the shares were sold at a discount to the expected price range [...]')('2006052', "Much as I hate to admit it, I don't finish every bottle of wine that I open.")('2006052', 'Existing home sales fell 2 percent to 6.76 million homes, about what everyone expected. Thomas M. Stevens, president of the National Association of Realtors, said in the news release: "Inventories levels have come up to balanced levels between home buyers and sellers, so the pressure has come off of home prices and most owners can [...]')('2006052', 'The next big thing to worry about: foreclosures. It doesn\'t seem like a source of anxiety yet, but the numbers are climbing. Keep the scale in perspective as you look at some of these articles from across the country. We are coming off a low base. Sacramento: "We\'re not seeing a lot of people at [...]')('2006052', "More action in the virtual real estate of real estate sites. Move.com is the reincarnation of Homestore (now Move Inc.) and the National Association of Realtors' joint venture to offer access to the multiple listing service. You most likely read that Tribune Co., the media company, bought ForSaleByOwner.com. Meanwhile, Trulia.com, a real estate information site, [...]")('2006052', 'The folks who run the growing empire of Curbed blogs have taken their manifest destiny to the sea by launching The Beach. They describe it as a combination of Curbed and the dining blog Eater, and will fill people in on what Hamptonites apparently do out there: talk about real estate while they consume food [...]')('2006052', 'Hoping to seize on Wall Street\'s recent embrace of investment bank stocks, Keefe Bruyette & Woods said Thursday it would pursue an initial public offering. The New York-based bank, which specializes in the financial-services sector, said in a news release that it "decided on this course of action given the recent strength of the market, [...]')('2006052', 'In the run-up to the 2008 election, former New York City Mayor Edward I. Koch may be distancing himself from another former Mayor and recent political bedfellow, Rudolph W. Giuliani. In a letter dated today, Mr. Koch praised Arizona Senator John S. McCain for a keynote speech he delivered during the recent commencement ceremonies at [...]')('2006052', 'A mortgage lender, the Accredited Home Lenders Holding Company, said on Thursday it had agreed to acquire the Aames Investment Corporation for about $340 million in a stock-and-cash deal that will almost triple its retail branches. Go to Article from Reuters »')('2006052', "Maybe Robin Hood wasn't so bad after all. There are polls aplenty on the horse-race of elections, but today also brings one about the elusive issues. Many of the numbers in the New York Matters Poll, by the Rochester-based Center for Govermental Research, are far from shocking. (How well is state government doing? - 72 [...]")('2006052', 'After abandoning an effort to find a buyer while under bankruptcy protection, the outdoorsy clothing chain Eddie Bauer Holdings is trying again. The company, which emerged in June 2005 from the Chapter 11 reorganization of the catalog retailer Spiegel, said Thursday it had hired Goldman Sachs to explore strategic alternatives, including a possible sale. Spiegel [...]')('2006052', 'Readers respond to Bob Herbert\'s May 25 column, "Laid Off and Left Out" Diane Brown, Oak Park, Ill.: Your column is RIGHT ON! I have two master\'s degrees and I was highly successful in every job I\'ve ever had. Five years ago, I got caught in the economic downturn. When encountering me, adherents to the [...]')('2006052', 'Readers respond to David Brooks\'s May 25 column, "Of Love and Money" Mike Oliker, Albuquerque, N.M.: I think your article hits the nail right on the head. The part I want to respond to is this: "If we want young people to develop the social and self-regulating skills they need to thrive, we need to [...]')('2006052', "As some commentators predicted in Wednesday's edition of The New York Times, things went from bad to worse for Vonage Holdings, the Internet telephone company that went public on Wednesday only to elicit a chorus of Bronx cheers. After dropping nearly 13 percent on their first day of trading, Vonage's shares were down almost 11 [...]")('2006052', 'Yahoo and the Web auctioneer eBay announced a partnership designed to improve their position against Microsoft and the Web search leader Google, underscoring recent speculation the two companies could eventually merge. Go to Article from The New York Times »')('2006052', 'A reader is seeking my advice on how to stop junk faxes. Now that I have a new, improved blog, I turn to you for help answering.')('2006052', 'Former Enron chief executive Kenneth L. Lay was found guilty Thursday of all six charges against him in the criminal trial related to the collapse of the energy company he once led. A jury found Jeffrey K. Skilling, who also was chief executive of Enron, guilty of 19 of the 28 charges against him. In [...]')('2006052', 'Jennifer S. Altman for The New York Times "I personally put away more dirty cops in Brooklyn and Manhattan than anybody except Rudy Giuliani." - William F. Weld Yup, it\'s fiction again, courtesy of Mr. Weld\'s engrossing novel, "Mackerel by Moonlight" (Simon & Schuster, 1998). Besides giving verisimilitude to his political thriller, the mention is [...]')('2006052', 'Potential buyers of utilities in the United States are likely to tread carefully, with two mergers mired in regulatory issues and local politics. Speaking at the Reuters Global Energy Summit this week, executives and regulators said that while more consolidation is ahead for the industry, companies would have to work carefully to get deals done. [...]')('2006052', 'Tired of the liberal agenda that Clear Channel insists on cramming into your ears every time you turn on the radio? Hearing too much Neil Young ("Let\'s Impeach the President"), Rolling Stones ("Sweet Neo Con"), and Kanye West ("George Bush Doesn\'t Care About Black People")? Fill your iPod with the songs from National Review\'s top [...]')('2006052', 'The Nationwide Mutual Insurance Company agreed to sell Gartmore Investment Management Plc, the London-based arm of its Gartmore Group money management business, to a private equity firm, Hellman & Friedman Advisors, for undisclosed terms, the companies said on Thursday. Go to Article from Reuters via Yahoo » Download News Release from Nationwide (pdf file) »')('2006052', "Regulators around the world are examining the conflicts that arise when investment banks trade in their own accounts, according to a report in Thursday's edition of The Wall Street Journal. Though the article suggests this heightened scrutiny extends to the United States, the specific examples it offers are in Australia (involving Citigroup) and England. In [...]")('2006052', 'The bankrupt Russian oil company Yukos expects to sign a deal on Friday to sell its stake in the Mazeikiu Nafta refinery in Lithuania to PKN Orlen of Poland after a judge in the United States declined to extend an order that would have blocked the sale. Go to Article from Reuters » Go to [...]')('2006052', 'WL Ross & Company, the investment firm run by the billionaire turnaround specialist Wilbur Ross, said on Thursday it had agreed to invest $100 million in a reinsurer, Montpelier Re Holdings, through a private sale of 6.8 million shares. Go to Article from Reuters » Go to Article from TheStreet.com »')('2006052', 'Apollo Management has agreed to buy industrial parts manufacturer Rexnord from the Carlyle Group and management for $1.825 billion, the two private equity firms said on Thursday. The deal, which is subject to regulatory approvals, is expected to close in the third quarter. No other terms were disclosed. Washington-based Carlyle and its affiliates own about [...]')('2006052', "Citic Bank will follow in the footsteps of its fellow Chinese lenders, offering a $1 billion initial public offering in Hong Kong, MarketWatch reported Thursday. A source told MarketWatch that Citigroup, Lehman Brothers and HSBC will underwrite the I.P.O., which will be priced later this year. China's Citic Bank is controlled by the offshore banking [...]")('2006052', 'Leg-press for the Lord: CBS Sportsline columnist Clay Travis uncovers and debunks Pat Robertson\'s dubious claim that he can leg-press a literal ton, 2,000 pounds. "That would mean a 76-year-old man broke the all-time Florida State University leg press record by 665 pounds over Dan Kendra," Travis writes. "Further, when he set the record, they [...]')('2006052', 'Robert Zoellick, the deputy secretary of state, may be ready to trade Washington for Wall Street. Speculation is mounting that Mr. Zoellick, who has worked for Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice for barely 15 months, may soon leave the Bush administration for a post at an investment bank, according to news reports. Mr. Zoellick had [...]')('2006052', 'The convention is a week away. So whom do likely Republican primary voters like for governor and United States Senator? According to a poll that the Siena Research Institute will release later today, the "don\'t knows/no opinions\'\' still carry the day. Overwhelmingly. And 56 percent of the likely Republican primary voters that Siena surveyed said [...]')('2006052', "Are any of New York's Republican stars going to next week's state party convention in Hempstead? Not Mike Bloomberg. Not Rudy Giuliani. Looks like the spotlight will pretty much belong to outgoing Gov. George Pataki, whose poll numbers are so unenviable right now that it's hard to imagine what boost he could offer the 2006 [...]")('2006052', "UBS said Thursday it would buy ABN Amro's futures and options business for $386 million. The deal would transform UBS into the world's largest futures and options trader, with about $13 billion of customer accounts on deposit, according to Bloomberg News. Goldman Sachs, which has $9.57 billion, is currently ranked No. 1, based on Commodity [...]")('2006052', "A former Enron lawyer who went to work last month for the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission vigorously denied involvement with the company's questionable trading tactics on Wednesday after two senators raised questions about her hiring. The former lawyer, Mary C. Hain, worked in Enron's West Coast trading hub during the energy crisis. She provided legal [...]")('2006052', "Hollywood studios and television networks are asking a federal court to stop a video-on-demand service that Cablevision Systems had planned to start offering next month. The companies sued Cablevision, the nation's sixth-largest cable TV provider, in United States District Court in Manhattan on Wednesday, contending that the service, known as a network DVR, violated their [...]")('2006052', 'Four more companies said on Wednesday that they had received requests for information from federal investigators in connection with a government investigation of stock option grants. The chip maker Analog Devices said Wednesday that it had been subpoenaed by federal prosecutors in New York in connection with a government investigation of stock option grants. Another [...]')('2006052', "The newspaper publisher Hollinger International said on Wednesday it had agreed to pay $3.5 million to settle litigation initiated by a shareholder, Tweedy Browne, in December 2003. The lawsuit sought to recover attorneys' fees and costs in connection with informal inquiries and other investigations performed for Tweedy over conduct subsequently investigated by a special committee [...]")('2006052', 'DHB Industries, a maker of body armor for soldiers, said Tuesday that it had received a letter from the American Stock Exchange warning the company that it did not comply with certain standards for listed companies. DHB is not in compliance with listing rules because it failed to file its first-quarter report on time with [...]')('2006052', 'Jurors in the trial of former Enron chiefs Ken Lay and Jeffrey Skilling finished a fifth day of deliberations without reaching a verdict on Wednesday, after making their first request for additional materials. The jury of eight women and four men, who have given no clue toward their progress, sent Judge Sim Lake of United [...]')('2006052', 'Indicted dot-com financier Frank Quattrone and his tech mogul pals are raising millions for a tiny charity that helps free the wrongfully imprisoned. Mr. Quattrone, who earned $1 billion on numerous - often ill-fated - technology stock deals, was tried twice for obstructing a federal investigation of the 2001 Internet stock crash. His first trial [...]')('2006052', 'The H.J. Heinz Company, the food manufacturer, said yesterday that it had rejected a demand by the billionaire investor Nelson Peltz for representation on the board. Heinz, based in Pittsburgh, also said Mr. Peltz\'s demand to cut annual costs by $575 million was "unrealistic." Go to Article from The New York Times »')('2006052', "Martha Stewart isn't in the clear yet. Though she has already done jail time, Ms. Stewart still has until today to contest civil charges that she acted on nonpublic information when she sold 4,000 shares of ImClone Systems. As The New York Times's Landon Thomas reports, Ms. Stewart could reach a negotiated settlement with the [...]")('2006052', 'Robert Tchenguiz, the property entrepreneur, has acquired a minority stake in Mitchells & Butlers – just three weeks after having a 4.4 billion pound ($8.2 billion) bid for the pub company rebuffed. The Times of London reported Mr. Tchenguiz entered the market this week and bought a holding of less than 3 percent, the level [...]')('2006052', 'the media buyout firms Abry Partners and Providence Equity Partners have settled their litigation over F&W Publications. Providence has agreed to invest in the specialty publisher and designate a member of its board of directors, a long-standing investor with one of the two firms said. Abry bought F&W, of Cincinnati, from Providence last year for [...]')('2006052', "The Times Square building at 1540 Broadway is in contract to be sold to a combination of Steve Roth's Vornado Realty Trust and Sam Zell's Equity Office Properties for an estimated $825 million. Sources at the Macklowe party at the GM Building and Apple store last night told The New York Post that Mr. Roth's [...]")('2006052', 'Nearly seven months after disclosing that it had hired a financial adviser to sell its Celerant consulting business, Novell on Wednesday said it has sold the unit for $77 million in a management buyout backed by a British investment fund. Celerant was acquired by Celerant executives holding a 51 percent stake and by Caledonia Investments, [...]')('2006052', "During the technology boom, venture capitalists pushed Internet-related ventures as the answer to health care's woes, promising to deliver great efficiencies, create better-informed patients and indirectly help provide better overall health care. Those efforts largely failed. But a growing number of technology investors say the Internet is ready to accept patients now. Pointing to the [...]")('2006052', 'Zeugma Systems, which takes its name from an ancient Mesopotamian city, has completed a $13.5 million Series A financing as it continues to develop a new telecommunications network optimization system. A new investor, Granite Ventures, led the May round with contributions from returning backers Ventures West Management and Yaletown Venture Partners, as well as from [...]')('2006052', 'Zipcar, a car-sharing service in such cities as San Francisco, New York and Toronto, has raised $20 million from GE Commercial Financing Fleet Services, the company said this week. ZipCar, based in Cambridge, Mass., said it would use the money to double its fleet of 1,500 cars within the next year and expand into other [...]')('2006052', "The Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States has notched a few deal kills this year. But at least one of the committee's victims, open-source software purveyor Sourcefire, is grateful for the new lease on life. Sourcefire, whose deal to sell itself to Israel's Check Point Software Technologies was blocked by the agency in [...]")('2006052', 'Commerzbank, the German bank that owns Jupiter Asset Management, is considering floating the British fund management group on the London stock market despite recent market turbulence. "We are checking out the option of an I.P.O. although no decision has been made," a Commerzbank spokesman told The Financial Times. It is thought that Jupiter, which manages [...]')('2006052', 'For investors who like to gamble on initial public offerings, the state of Illinois may soon have an appropriate multi-billion dollar offer. Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich and other state officials announced a plan on Tuesday proposing either selling or leasing the operation of its state lottery, saying either a lease or a lottery I.P.O. could [...]')('2006052', "Kittiratt Na-Ranong, Thailand's stock market chief, resigned on Wednesday in an unusual show of responsibility as a result of the Thai bourse's losing what would have been its biggest initial public offering to its rival in Singapore. Thai Beverages, Thailand's biggest brewer and distiller, said on Wednesday that it had raised $865 million on the [...]")('2006052', 'The Macquarie Group, continuing to expand its corporate finance business in Asia, has hired Jack Zhai, Stephen Panizza and Johnson Tan, FinanceAsia reported. Mr. Zhai joins Macquarie as managing director and head of corporate finance for mainland China. Mr. Panizza will be managing director and Asia head of debt services and Mr. Tan joins in [...]')('2006052', "Ron Suber, a top Bear Stearns executive and one of several employees implicated by securities regulators in the mutual fund trading scandal, is leaving his job, TheStreet.com reported. Mr. Suber, who was responsible for overseeing Bear Stearns' prime brokerage hedge fund business, is taking a job with Spectrum Global Fund Administration, a hedge fund administration [...]")('2006052', 'Barclays said it saw "very strong profit momentum" in the first quarter as its British retail bank improved and its investment bank beat peers, but weakness in the British unsecured debt market weighed on Barclaycard. "Barclays performed very strongly in the first quarter. High levels of activity with our customers and clients enabled us to [...]')('2006052', "Investors entitled to $164.3 million in compensation for losses from faulty Wall Street research appear in no hurry to collect what they are owed. A federal judge overseeing the distribution of funds from a regulatory settlement with investment banks over analysts' conflicts of interest set a July 7 hearing to determine what to do with [...]")('2006052', "Ethicon has completed the acquisition of Vascular Control Systems for a purchase price likely in excess of $100 million. The deal brings together two companies affiliated with Johnson & Johnson: Ethicon, a subsidiary of the company, and Vascular Control, which has backing from J&J's venture capital wing, Johnson & Johnson Development. Go to Article from [...]")('2006052', "Iconic brands like Uncle Toby's and Vita Brits are now in the hands of Nestle and its partner in the United States General Mills following a lengthy acquisition process that ended with the buyer paying 890 million australian dollars ($674 million), or a multiple of 11.3 times earnings. The assets were bought from Burns Philp, [...]")('2006052', "Oracle's multibillion-dollar shopping spree ran into unexpected trouble this week when shareholders of its latest acquisition target, Portal Software, withheld their support for the deal. The $220 million that Oracle offered in April for Portal, a Cupertino-based communications software company, made the deal a relatively minor one for the Redwood City software giant that has [...]")('2006052', 'German media giant Bertelsmann said on Thursday it had agreed to buy back the 25.1 percent stake held by an investment group, Groupe Bruxelles Lambert, for $5.75 billion, eliminating the prospect that the company could be forced to be a publicly traded firm. The Belgian investment group had threatened to exercise an option that would [...]')('2006052', 'Regions Financial and AmSouth, two regional banks based in Birmingham, Ala., announced Thursday that they would merge in a deal valued at $10 billion. The combined entity would have almost $140 billion in assets and operate 2,000 branches in 16 states across the South and the Midwest, Regions said. It will keep the Regions name. [...]')('2006052', "Venezuela, the world's fifth-largest crude oil exporter, said it would seek a controlling 60 percent stake in four heavy oil ventures run by foreign companies, including Exxon Mobil and ConocoPhillips, in its latest move to carve out a bigger share of industry profits. Go to Article from Bloomberg News »")('2006052', "Media analysts think Liberty Media's chairman, John Malone, is gearing the company up for a flurry of maneuvers. So what might some of these maneuvers be that he is working on? Ryan Jacob, manager of the Jacob Internet fund, told CNNMoney it would make sense for Liberty to try and persuade IAC/InterActive to merge its [...]")('2006052', "China Mobile's reported $5.5 billion offer for Millicom is a rich price - and an effective premium of nearly 100 percent, says Breakingviews. China's deep pockets mean it can afford to pay and that means trouble for mature operators struggling to buy emerging-market assets. Go to Article from Breakingviews »")('2006052', "Lakshmi Mittal expects Arcelor's management to come to the negotiating table next week, once they have had a chance to look at the Mittal Steel business plan, which will be with the Luxembourg-based company in a matter of days, The Times of London said. Failure is apparently not an option for Mr. Mittal, Britain's richest [...]")('2006052', 'A day after BAA, the British airport operator, set 10.2 billion pounds ($19.1 billion) as the minimum level at which it would even consider a takeover offer, a surprise regulatory investigation stole the spotlight from its takeover defense, sending its shares tumbling in a generally steady London market on Thursday. BAA, which has received two [...]')('2006052', 'Fortress Investment Group, a hedge fund and private equity investment firm with $21 billion of assets under management, is considering filing for an initial public offering of stock, according to Breakingviews. The I.P.O., which could value Fortess at up to $6 billion, would mark the first time a major alternative asset manager in the United [...]')('2006052', "The Nasdaq Stock Market's chief executive, Bob Greifeld, stood firmly by his decision on Wednesday to pursue the London Stock Exchange as its archrival, the NYSE Group, seeks to take over the pan-European stock exchange operator Euronext. Mr. Greifeld, outlining advances his market has made against the larger New York Stock Exchange in the past [...]")('2006052', "Bloodied but not beaten, German exchange operator Deutsche Börse on Wednesday continued to campaign for its 7 billion euro ($9 billion) buy of Euronext and said it was willing to cede the top executive slot to the C.E.O. of its Dutch rival. During Deutsche Börse's shareholder meeting, the German group refused to say whether it [...]")('2006052', "Joseph Perella, one of the world's biggest dealmakers, came one step closer to starting his own company this week as officials at the Securities and Exchange Commission gave him unofficial approval to open before the end of next month. Mr. Perella has in recent months signed on an impressive cast of investment bankers for his [...]")('2006052', 'On the heels of an underwhelming investor reaction to Vonage shares on their first day of public trading and concerns over its mounting legal problems., MasterCard International priced its initial public offering below its expected range. The credit-card-issuing giant said late Wednesday that 61.5 million of its Class A shares priced at $39 each, raising [...]')('2006052', 'In this lesson, students explore the concepts and content necessary to write narrative feature articles and then develop their own such articles.')('2006052', 'Photo of Nicholas Minucci, on trial in New York for assaulting Glenn Moore, who is black, in what is described as hate crime')('2006052', 'John Mason letter agrees on banning cellphones in class but not at other times in school')('2006052', 'Manohla Dargis Cannes Journal review of film Marie Antoinette, directed by Sofia Coppola and starring Kirsten Dunst; photo (M)')('2006052', 'Eurotunnel reaches preliminary agreement with creditors on reworking nearly $12 billion of debt (S)')('2006052', 'Personal Shopper Column on selection of designs from International Contemporary Furniture Fair in New York City; photos (M)')('2006052', 'Terri Brandmueller letter observes that key to cellphones in class is whether teacher has skill to enforce ban')('2006052', 'Phillip Alder bridge column on Summer North American Bridge Championships in Chicago; diagrams (M)5')('2006052', 'Kenny Chesney, Carrie Underwood, Brad Paisley and Dolly Parton are honored by Academy of Country Music at its award ceremony in Las Vegas; photo (S)')('2006052', 'Arts4')('2006052', 'Photo of pitcher Orlando Hernandez, who was acquired by New York Mets from Arizona Diamondbacks2')('2006052', 'Physical culture column on stain-resistant rugged apparel; photos (M)')('2006052', 'Joseph Rickards letter says New York City parents agree that cellphones should not be used in school and that policy should be strictly enforced, but want children to have phones before and after school')('2006052', 'Kaleido is new wallpaper design made from layering circles and semicircles that overlap each other to create starlike patterns in six color combinations; photo (S)')('2006052', 'Letter by Iranian UN envoy M A Mohammadi charges US uses domestic antiterrorism laws to impose informal sanctions on Iran in absence of UN endorsement of such measures')('2006052', 'Ralph Porter letter on cellphones in classrooms recalls days when he and friends passed around notes by wadding them up and tossing them when teacher was not looking')('2006052', 'Richard Williams letter says theft of computer containing information on millions of veterans is perfect storm of negligence and incompetence')('2006052', 'Flor Cabrera letter says blaming cellphones is poor reasoning for low marks on student tests')('2006052', 'Tony Awards will hold reception¼')('2006052', 'Photo of visitors to Liberty Island in New York Harbor enjoying warm weather')('2006052', "Richard Neutra building in Los Angeles, built in 1964 as low-income housing, is opening to public after renovations; admission fee will benefit restoration of Neutra's VDL house in Silver Lake area; photos (S)")('2006052', "Arts, Briefly; 'Idol' Scares off The Competitions")('2006052', 'Washington Nationals defeat Houston Astros, 5-1; other National League results noted (S)7')('2006052', 'Prof Joseph Dorinson letter concurs with calls for ban on cellphones in classrooms')('2006052', 'Letter from New York City high school student Nicholas Gottlieb says cellphones are not necessities but conveniences')('2006052', 'From Wood to Architecture exhibit at Scandinavia House in New York City features photographs and models of buildings designed by Finnish architects that showcase resurgence of wood in their work; photos (S)')('2006052', 'Patrick Devery letter says that as senior at Manhattan College he can attest to annoyance of cellphones')('2006052', "Francis W Rodgers letter on predictable tedium of Gen Michael Hayden's confirmation hearings as CIA director reflects growing secrecy of government under Pres Bush")('2006052', 'Air Deccan will cut price of initial public offering after it receives fewer bids than expected; parent company Deccan Aviation announces offer is extended three more days and price range is lowered by 4 rupees, to 145 to 175 rupees ($3.86 to $3.20) per share (S)')('2006052', "Repell-em's new line of garbage bags are treated with harmless oil-based scents to keep animals and insects away; photo (S)")('2006052', "Photographs of diverse fashions seen in New York City's Greenwich Village")('2006052', 'A O Scott Cannes Journal review of film Marie Antoinette, directed by Sofia Coppola and starring Kirsten Dunst; photo (M)7')('2006052', 'Scaled-down version of classic Barcelona chair by Mies Van der Rohe is available for children and is called the Mini Mies; photo (S)')('2006052', 'Karim Sahib/Agence France-Presse – Getty ImagesA veiled Iraqi woman walks past mannequins in front of a store in Baghdad. Fashion in Baghdad took weird detours this past week: we have increasing numbers of veiled women, women in jubbahs, shiny-bald women, young men in torn jeans and young men with fuzzy, barely-grown beards. In other worlds [...]')('2006052', 'In Monaco, as any Formula One fan knows, there is no track action on Friday. But who knows the reason behind this quiet day? While the sponsors continued their onslaught with all sorts of commemorations and demonstrations, the paddock is practically empty of drivers on Friday. So I decided to walk around the paddock and [...]')('2006052', "Next week, starting Tuesday, I'll turn away from fast food to other topics, but before I do that, I wanted to offer some final thoughts on my cross-country odyssey.")('2006052', 'David W. Dunlap of The Times reports that Gretchen Dykstra has resigned as president and chief executive of the World Trade Center Memorial Foundation. The foundation has been at the heart of a political firestorm in recent weeks, drawing criticism from Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg, Gov. George E. Pataki and others after the cost estimate [...]')('2006052', "Tom Golisano, owner of the Sabres. (Robert Kirkham/Associated Press) Attorney General Eliot Spitzer plans to celebrate his romp at Tuesday's Democratic convention by joining his one-time nemesis, Tom Golisano, in Mr. Golisano's box at the Buffalo Sabres game that evening, the Zone has learned. Mr. Spitzer had planned to go to the game and mentioned [...]")('2006052', "Clocking in at $1.42 trillion so far this year, the value of announced mergers and acquisitions has topped the previous record set in 2000, Bloomberg News reported on Friday. What better reason does an investment banker need for starting the holiday weekend a little early? Tipping the scales was Friday's $16.6 billion offer by steel [...]")('2006052', 'For those who love a good corporate scandal, the conclusion of the Enron fraud trial might be a bit of a letdown. Fans of scandal can take heart from the words of former Securities and Exchange Commission chairman Harvey Pitt, who writes on Friday that the back-dating of stock options may be the Next Big [...]')('2006052', 'In New York City, letters of recommendation are part of the hazing ritual known as a board package, whereby a buyer must convince a co-op board that he or she would make a worthy neighbor. But in this era of cellphones and instant messaging, formal letters of recommendation solicited from friends and associates can seem [...]')('2006052', 'For a moment there, I thought the real estate market had touched bottom. You know my theory about mass-market magazine covers being contraindictors of economic events. I heard that the Economist magazine, or as its readers like to say, "The Economist of London," put the bad news about real estate on its cover. The reason [...]')('2006052', 'And you thought all this blogging was just navel gazing? Ha, not so fast, says Brian Keeler. Mr. Keeler started off as nybri, a rather anonymous name in the sea of blogspot.com. He went on to help start epluribusmedia a collection of self-starting investigative reporters. Mr. Keeler, 53, is taking a shot at challenging Republican [...]')('2006052', "Glenwood Management owns and manages 22 buildings in Manhattan, including the Bamford, where Alexander Greenberg and Victoria Bronstein live. Glenwood's buildings are luxury starter rentals, whose residents tend to be young and mobile. There's a turnover rate of up to 30 percent a year. The company has management down to a science. Its rental policies [...]")('2006052', "Russian steel maker Severstal may be riding in to save Arcelor from an unwelcome acquirer, but there was a skeptical buzz surrounding the latest development in this global takeover saga. In a surprise move, Arcelor on Friday unveiled a 13 billion euro ($16.6 billion) deal that would turn Severstal into Arcelor's largest shareholder. Breakingviews said [...]")('2006052', 'Gov. George E. Pataki endorsed Jeanine Pirro again today - this time, for Attorney General. He last endorsed her in October, for United States Senate. (Two months later, she dropped out of the race.) Last time, they stood together at a news conference. This time, it was more of an arms-length transaction: the governor made [...]')('2006052', 'There must be a lot of real estate agents in California with little to do. The state association of Realtors reported the sales figures for April and they are down 21.4 percent from April 2005. Even though the market shrank drastically, the association found a silver cloud in there someplace. Only 62 communities saw the [...]')('2006052', "The assumption that the real estate market won't come crashing down is built on the idea that the economy is strong. The Sonoma Housing Bubble blog lays out a convincing case for why homeowners in Sonoma county, north of San Francisco, ought to worry. It rolls out a list of statistics showing the anemic job [...]")('2006052', 'Readers respond to Thomas Friedman\'s May 26 column, "Standing By Stand-Up Iraqis" A. P. Healy, Chappaqua, N.Y.: The question now is not between success and failure. The question is between degrees of failure. The invasion of Iraq has already failed - there are too many people, Iraqi, American, and others, dead and injured. Please stop [...]')('2006052', 'Readers respond to Paul Krugman\'s May 26 column, "A Test of Our Character " Bob Vitray, Austin, Tex.: They also mocked Kerry because he had once mentioned the possibility that a 50 cent per gallon tax on gas invested in conservation and alternatives might pay big dividends. How much was gas when he proposed this [...]')('2006052', "It was overshadowed by Thursday's Enron-related news deluge, but former Goldman Sachs associate Eugene Plotkin was formally indicted on Thursday on charges that he ran a far-reaching insider trading scheme. And, after some haggling over his bail terms, Mr. Plotkin was escorted back to jail, The New York Post reported. As before, Mr. Plotkin faces [...]")('2006052', 'Ozier Muhammad/The New York Times Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg has been sounding mighty presidential lately, offering his views on everything from immigration to global warming in the past week. But while the mayor may be looking at national issues, he made clear yesterday that he was doing no more than that. The mayor rejected a [...]')('2006052', 'Will there be a top 10 list? Stupid pet tricks? A Monday-night party at the Democratic convention in Buffalo is being billed as "Late Night with David Paterson." –Michael Cooper')('2006052', "Looking closely at developments in the French camp, we find one piece of high art and one piece of high comedy, both, for some reason, concerning bald superstars. First, the comedy. According to the French daily Libération, a team-building exercise in the Alps went badly awry on Wednesday, when France's back-up goalkeeper, Grégory Coupet, already [...]")('2006052', 'Shares of Univision are up 15 percent since the Spanish-language broadcaster announced plans to put itself up for sale. Barron\'s Online thinks it may eventually fetch more than $40 in a buyout, which would mean an additional 12 percent of upside. Univision "has been a bright light in the cloudy and contentious world of mainstream [...]')('2006052', 'In this Sunday\'s New York Times Magazine, Matt Bai examines YearlyKos, the upcoming convention for the Democratic "netroots." (The article is available early on Times Preview.)Bai calls it the "first-ever corporeal assemblage" of Daily Kos bloggers, "the people who are said to be changing the very nature of American politics, transforming the old smoke-filled room [...]')('2006052', "Not one to hide his opinions, explosive stock picker and markets pundit Jim Cramer is weighing in on the New York Stock Exchange's international merger plan. In his commentary in Friday's edition of The Wall Street Journal, Mr. Cramer argues that the real reason that the NYSE Group has offered to pay $10.2 billion for [...]")('2006052', 'Bored already with the 2008 presidential campaign? Nicholas Beaudrot of Electoral Math is thinking about the early line on \'12, and he\'s decided that Jeb Bush is the obvious choice for the Republican nomination. Not to be outdone, Hotline editor Chuck Todd spends his latest column projecting the Democratic field for \'16: "Of the current [...]')('2006052', "It appears that Martha Stewart's stock-selling travails are headed back to the courtroom. Bloomberg News reported late Thursday that Ms. Stewart has decided - for now, anyway - to fight the Securities and Exchange Commission's civil charges that she sold shares of pharmaceutical company ImClone Systems in 2001 based on nonpublic information. Thursday was the [...]")('2006052', 'Enterprise software developer Hummingbird said Friday it agreed to be acquired for $465 million cash by affiliates of holding company Symphony Technology Group. Shareholders of Toronto-based Hummingbird will receive $26.75 for each share held, a premium of 16 percent to its Thursday closing price of $23.12. In addition, Tennenbaum Capital Partners will invest $135 million [...]')('2006052', 'Gov. George Pataki may have been the New York Republican in Iowa yesterday, sounding like the \'08 presidential contender he wants to be, but it was Mike Bloomberg who injected himself into another major Issue Of Our Day with a speech at Johns Hopkins yesterday. "Nominally a Republican," as Diane Cardwell points out, Mr. Bloomberg [...]')('2006052', 'A followup on how high-tech companies can produce a turkey without somebody raising the red flag somewhere along the along the line.')('2006052', "The Securities and Exchange Commission and the U.S. attorney in Northern California are looking into Altera's stock-option grants, company officials said Thursday evening. The SEC has opened an inquiry, while the U.S. attorney has subpoenaed information, according to the company. Altera, a San Jose, Calif.-based maker of chips used in products such as Internet routers [...]")('2006052', 'A federal jury has awarded $125 million in damages to OSI Systems, a California maker of airport security-detection systems, after lawyers successfully argued that a dispute with L-3 Communications caused it to lose substantial business after the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attacks. The jury in U.S. District Court in Manhattan awarded $33 million in compensatory [...]')('2006052', "Time Warner and other defendants including America Online and Ernst & Young have agreed to pay $23 million to settle a lawsuit accusing them of defrauding pension and investment funds in Pennsylvania, the state's Attorney General said Thursday. The suit, filed in 2004 in state court, alleged that the company issued false and misleading statements [...]")('2006052', 'A lead plaintiff in a proposed tax shelter settlement that was brokered by the class-action securities law firm of Milberg Weiss Bershad & Schulman indicated that he was offered a financial incentive to serve as plaintiff, according to documents filed yesterday in federal court in Newark. Lawyers for the accounting firm KPMG, whose $153 million [...]')('2006052', 'CLSA Capital Partners announced the closing of its third domestic consumption fund Aria Investment Partners III with $330 million exceeding the original $250-300 million announced. The success of the fundraising demonstrates both the continuing vibrant market for private equity fund raising in the Asia-Pacific region and the successful track record of investing and exiting which [...]')('2006052', "Private equity firm Water Street Capital Partners' $50 million investment in a New Jersey pathology company helps maintain the Chicago area's reputation as a major source for the health-care industry's capital needs for growth. Chicago-based Water Street said its investment gives it a majority stake in Lakewood Pathology Associates, a company that provides pathology lab [...]")('2006052', "And the winners are James Simons of Renaissance Technologies and T. Boone Pickens Jr. of BP Capital Management pocketed $1.5 billion and $1.4 billion in 2005, putting them at the top of the Institutional Investor's Alpha magazine list of the Top 25 highest paid hedge fund managers. This year's list, which The Financial Times [...]")('2006052', 'Telent, the telecommunications equipment maker formerly known as Marconi, said Thursday it had agreed on a possible 346 million pound ($647 million) takeover by Fortress Investment Group. Fortress, a buyout and hedge fund firm based in New York, is set to offer 529.5 pence, or $9.89, a share in cash for Telent, the London-based company [...]')('2006052', "Gartmore Investment Management, a $45 billion asset manager, agreed on Thursday to be acquired in a management buyout backed by private-equity firm Hellman & Friedman, in a move designed to help expand its hedge-fund business. The value of the transaction wasn't disclosed, but media reports have estimated a purchase price of 500 million to 600 [...]")('2006052', "The private equity group that is set to buy out information provider VNU offered on Friday to buy back most of the Netherlands-based group's outstanding bonds and notes, worth about 1 billion euros in total. Valcon, a buyout vehicle that includes Kohlberg Kravis Roberts and Carlyle Group, is set to take over the world's biggest [...]")('2006052', "Applied Identity said Thursday that Silicon Valley investors contributed to its recent $12 million funding round. The latest round brings San Francisco-based Applied Identity's total funding to $23 million since its founding in 2003. The company, which develops identity-driven authorization mechanisms for controlling access to internal networks, said lead investor was OVP Venture Partners, which [...]")('2006052', "InterSouth Partners said Thursday that it has raised its seventh venture capital fund. The new fund, Intersouth VII, totals $275 million and brings Intersouth's capital under management to $775 million, which the company says makes it the largest early stage venture fund in the Southeast. With the new fund, Intersouth will continue its long-term strategy [...]")('2006052', 'Arcelor has agreed to take control of Russian steelmaker Severstal in a 13 billion euro ($16.6 billion) deal that could scupper Mittal Steel\'s hostile bid for the Luxembourg-based group. The move prompted an angry response from Mittal, which accused Arcelor of "manipulating" shareholders. The combination with Severstal would catapult Arcelor past Mittal to become the [...]')('2006052', "Mueller Water Products' initial public offering of 25 million shares priced at $16 each late Thursday, raising $400 million. The pricing came in at the low end of the expected range of $16 to $18 a share. Shares of the Tampa, Fla. manufacturer of water infrastructure and flow control products are due to start trading [...]")('2006052', 'Intel, the world\'s top computer chip maker, denied speculation on Thursday it might spin off and list its memory chip business. "We are not currently thinking about those kind of things," Chief Executive Paul Otellini said when asked if Intel might make an initial public offer of shares in the memory chip business. Go to [...]')('2006052', "Is the IPO window shut? Breakingviews thinks so. With CMC and Sigma Capital pulling their offerings in London and Vonage's I.P.O. flopping in the U.S., it seems nervous investors aren't in the mood for new paper. That's bad news for the near-record number of companies lining up to float. They may have to wait some [...]")('2006052', "Toronto-Dominion Bank reported a 22 percent rise in second-quarter profit driven by domestic consumer banking and wealth management operations, but its shares dropped after results missed analyst expectations. TD, Canada's second-biggest bank by market capitalization, said Thursday that profit attributable to shareholders climbed to C$732 million ($660 million) or C$1.01 a share in the three [...]")('2006052', 'Bank of America said on Thursday that it was restating financial data for the past five years to adjust for accounting treatment for certain derivative transactions. The No. 2 U.S. bank said in a regulatory filing that the restatements would cut its earnings in 2005, 2004 and 2003 by 2.5 percent, 1.4 percent and 0.5 [...]')('2006052', 'Lehman Brothers was fined $400,000 by NYSE Regulation for submitting inaccurate monthly reports of short positions. NYSE found that in April 2004, Lehman inaccurately reported short interest of about 26.1 million shares of an unnamed company when the correct figure was 625,350. After being contacted by regulators, Lehman verified the inaccurate data, prompting a deeper [...]')('2006052', 'The damage from the Enron collapse filtered across the Canadian border, affecting the reputations of some of the country\'s biggest financial institutions, and shaking the foundations of Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce, in particular, which was one of Enron\'s top lenders. The bank has since rebounded, of course. But the effects still linger. "The Enron [...]')('2006052', 'Angiotech Pharmaceuticals has agreed to buy private aesthetic surgery and wound closure technology firm Quill Medical for at least $40 million US in cash. And the Vancouver-based biotechnology firm said it now expects total revenue for 2006 of between $325-million and $335-million and adjusted earnings per share of 79 cents to 81 cents. Go to [...]')('2006052', "After 26 years as a construction law boutique, Griffin Cochrane & Marshall has combined with Sutherland Asbill & Brennan. The Griffin Cochrane firm, including 10 lawyers and their staff, has moved from the Candler Building in Atlanta to the 22nd floor of Sutherland's offices at 999 Peachtree St. Go to Article from Fulton County Daily [...]")('2006052', 'The board of Canada Southern Petroleum is urging its shareholders to reject Petro-Canada\'s takeover offer, labelling it "financially inadequate." In a release Thursday, the board says it unanimously rejected the hostile $113-million bid made by Petrocan last week. Go to Article from The Globe and Mail »')('2006052', 'The torrid pace of mergers and acquisitions that swept through Canada last year has carried on into 2006, with the year getting off to its most active start in more than a decade. According to a report from Toronto-based investment banker Crosbie, there were 424 transactions during the first quarter of 2006, compared with 264 [...]')('2006052', 'NYSE Group could strike an agreed deal to buy pan-European exchange Euronext for about 8 billion euros ($10.22 billion) within weeks, according to Reuters. NYSE unveiled its stock and cash offer for Euronext on Monday and said at the time it hoped to clinch an agreed deal within 24 to 48 hours. However, Reuters said [...]')('2006052', "Energy Partners, an oil and natural gas producer, offered to buy Stone Energy for about $1.4 billion after the value of another suitor's agreement to acquire Stone plunged along with its stock price. The stock-and-cash offer values Lafayette, La.-based Stone at $52 a share, New Orleans-based Energy Partners said Thursday. That's 21 percent higher than [...]")('2006052', "Norwegian entrepreneur Alexander Vik has written to Vivendi about his idea to break it up, a source close to him said on Friday, stepping up pressure on the French media and telecoms group to defend its strategy. The letter is from Vik's investment vehicle Sebastian Holdings, which emerged this year as a shareholder with around [...]")('2006052', 'Shareholders of military-truck maker Stewart & Stevenson approved Thursday the $1.11 billion sale of the Houston company to Armor Holdings, the only provider of armor for vehicles used by U.S. armed forces in Iraq. After the shareholder vote to accept the offer by Jacksonville, Fla.-based Armor of $36.50 a share, the two companies finalized the [...]')('2006052', "Caisse des Dépôts et Consignations, the French state-owned financial institution, has agreed in principle to sell its 35 percent stake in Caisse d'Epargne, the French mutual savings bank, for 6.8 billion euros ($8.7 billion). The sale of the shares - to Caisse d'Epargne itself - clears the way for Caisse d'Epargne to merge its investment [...]")('2006052', "EMI's plans to snare rival music major Warner have been rocked by Bertelsmann's decision to put its music publishing division, BMG, up for sale. The German media giant's move means EMI may get a lower than hoped-for price for Warner's publishing business, which it is planning to sell to satisfy competition authorities if it is [...]")('2006052', "Carl Icahn and Warren Lichtenstein are preparing a hostile takeover for KT&G after South Korea's biggest tobacco company rejected a $10 billion bid by the U.S. investors, according to a local securities company. Lichtenstein's Steel Partners fund, which has a partnership with a fund controlled by Icahn, approached Good Morning Shinhan Securities to help arrange [...]")('2006052', 'Minutes after his client was found guilty of fraud and conspiracy on Thursday, the lawyer for former Enron chief executive Jeffrey Skilling promised a "full and vigorous appeal." The general consensus on Friday, however, was that lawyer Daniel Petrocelli and Mr. Skilling will find it extremely difficult to get the verdict overturned. The same applied [...]')('2006052', 'In this lesson, students will explore concerns that relate to blogging, especially in the workplace. They then use current events as the basis to create their own blogs.')('2006052', 'Chinese auction house Huachen Auction Company cancels planned sale of Zhang Zhenshi portrait of Mao Zedong following government suggestions; says painting will probably be sent to national museum in China instead; photo (S)')('2006052', "Lawrence M Small, secretary of Smithsonian Institution, is on defensive during House Administration Committee hearing on agreement Smithsonian made with Showtime Networks; Small faces questions about contract's 30-year length and concern that independent filmmakers would now face restricted access to Smithsonian's resources; Small says fewer than five percent of Smithsonian's current contracts will be affected (S)")('2006052', "Rev Astrid Joy Storm letter expresses dismay at Lauren Winner's May 19 Op-Ed article putting premarital sex in same category as alcoholism")('2006052', 'Holland Cotter reviews Disturbing the Peace, all women photography group show at Denise Bibro Gallery (M)')('2006052', "Letter from Tom Minnery of Focus on the Family on Frank Rich's May 21 assertion that organization leader James Dobson was 'duped' by Ralph Reed and lobbyist Jack Abramoff into opposing Indian tribe's gambling plans; says Dobson has long been opposed to gambling")('2006052', 'Grace Glueck reviews works by Manolo Millares at Acquavella Contemporary Art gallery (M)')('2006052', "Photo of Navy's Blue Angels precision flying team passing low over Upper East Side of Manhattan as part of Memorial Day observances")('2006052', 'Ken Johnson reviews video by Jason Simon at Orchard gallery (M)')('2006052', 'Richard Sandomir TV Sports cB')('2006052', 'Fox wins ratings for Wednesday night with season finale of reality show American Idol; photo (S)e')('2006052', 'Port Authority of New and New Jesey announces new ferry service between Yonkers and Battery Park City in Manhattan; New York Water Taxi will begin service next spring (S)')('2006052', 'Michael F Brown letter denounces US support for Israeli policies toward Palestinians')('2006052', 'New')('2006052', 'Roberta Smith reviews sculptures by Richard Serra at Gagosian Gallery; photo (M)')('2006052', 'Peter G Hill letter says Palestinians and Israelis both have to recognize that neither side is going away')('2006052', "Letter by former presidential counsel Lanny J Davis rebuts Paul Krugman's May 22 assertion that Sen Joseph Lieberman has sought political center, citing senator's consistent high ratings by liberal groups and his repeated criticism of Bush administration's inept Iraq occupation")('2006052', 'Yaakov Har-Oz letter sees no hope of peace while Palestinians cling to unrealistic expectations and culture of violence')('2006052', 'Grace Glueck reviews works by Angus Fairhurst at Paul Kasmin Gallery (M)')('2006052', 'Letter from Arab American Institute director Nidal Ibrahim says there is no purpose in Palestinian negotiating if Israel has gone on record that it will unilaterally draw borders if there is no agreement')('2006052', 'Peter Franck letter says amnesty for illegal immigrants under 1986 law is dismissed as failure, but was not for 1.7 million people like himself who were set on path of citizenship')('2006052', 'Roberta Smith reviews works by Deborah Grant at Roebling Hall (M)')('2006052', 'Roberta Smith reviews works by Jean-Michel Basquiat and Jean Dubuffet at Pace Wildenstein gallery (M)')('2006052', "Back of the Envelope column; chart, in light of drop in Vonage stock value since its initial public offering, of leading technology IPO's since 2001 (S)")('2006052', 'Bette Dewing letter denounces New York City authorities who do not enforce laws protecting pedestrians from moving vehicles')('2006052', 'Joel J Sprayregen letter says what Palestinians have done is akin to one New York neighborhood electing regime dedicated to destruction of rest of city')('2006052', "Steve Sheffey letter says Palestinians, having elected government committed to Israel's destruction, can hardly complain that Israel is not consulting them on drawing borders")('2006052', 'Rapper Beanie Sigel is shot during attempted robbery by five men; is in stable condition; photo (S)')('2006052', 'Ken Johnson reviews videos by Hiraki Sawa at James Cohan Gallery (M)')('2006052', 'Grace Glueck reviews paintings by Sarah McEneany at Tibor de Nagy Gallery (M)')('2006052', 'Emily Hauser letter supports calls for viable Palestinian state')('2006052', 'Eleanor Berg letter bemoans notion of ads during Broadway theater performances')('2006052', 'Michael Smith letter says political impact of energy independence would be as revolutionary as economic effects')('2006052', "The stewards decided late Saturday evening that Schumacher blocked the other competitors deliberately. He has been shoved to the back of the grid for tomorrow's race, and Fernando Alonso will start on pole.")('2006052', 'A look in The Mirror reveals that German soccer\'s first couple, the Ballacks, are cut no slack by the nation\'s customs officers. Despite being the German captain, Michael was stopped on his way through the "nothing to declare" channel at the airport in Munich earlier this year and found to be concealing a $2,000 Fendi [...]')('2006052', "So, we didn't get what we expected, did we? We expected, and the drivers expected, total chaos with the new qualifying system destroying everyone's chances at a good qualifying lap. Instead, the only two moments of chaos came one at the beginning of the session, when Felipe Massa's Ferrari went off the track, ran into [...]")('2006052', 'Fernando Alonso of Spain holds up a Michelin cap after winning the Formula One Monaco Grand Prix. (AP/Luca Bruno). The Monaco paddock was in shock Saturday morning with the news of the death of Edouard Michelin, the 42-year-old head of the tire company of the same name, who drowned in a boating accident off the [...]')('2006052', 'Jonathan Hicks of The Times looks at Andrew Cuomo\'s bid for attorney general ("Front-runner? I don\'t acknowledge any front-runner stuff. I don\'t know what that means"), while Lisa W. Foderaro and Jennifer Medina examine the abrupt resignation of Assemblyman Ryan S. Karben. Plus a roundup on the maneuvering before the party conventions.')('2006052', "Hey, if you're bothered by the idea that the World Cup is just two weeks away and you still don't know the difference between a 4-5-1 and a 4-4-2 with overlapping wingmen, try this crash course in national-team tactics from the Spanish site peoresnada.com. It's in Spanish but fairly easy to follow, and even if [...]")('2006052', "Gilbert White's Selborne Journal: Thursday, 27 May 1784: 29 7/10; 59; W. Sun & clouds, brisk gale, bright gleam. Distant thunder. Young red-breasts. St. foin begins to blossom. Honey-suckle against the wall begins to open. Lime trees shew their bracteal leaves, & rudiment of fruit. Wall-nut trees shed their catkins and show rudiments of fruit. [...]")('2006052', 'Continuing with our theme of disgruntled \'keepers, next we hear the woes of Germany\'s Jens Lehmann, who told reporters this week that he\'s unhappy with the high-tech Adidas Teamgeist ball that will be used in this year\'s competition, because "it\'s a ball for the outfield players and the crowd - not for the goalkeepers." Apparently [...]')('2006052', "Moscow upholds Mayor Yuri M Luzhkov's decision refusing permission to hold gay-rights parade in city (S)")('2006052', 'Letter from Lynn A Foster, president emeritus of Girl Scout Council of Great New York, responds to Nicholas D Kristof May 21 column on dangers of trans fats in Girl Scout cookies and says this year, there will be no trans fats in any Girl Scout cookie')('2006052', 'Letter from executive director of American Civil Liberties Union Anthony D Romero, prompted by May 24 article on proposed ACLU standards that would discourage board members from publicly criticizing organization policies, says standards have not been vetted and finalized; says he is confident that board will continue to defend all speech')('2006052', "Correction: May 25 article about testimony at Saddam Hussein's trial by Tariq Aziz refers incorrectly to religion Aziz practices")('2006052', 'Photo of surfer at Rockaway Beach in New York City on opening day of city beaches')('2006052', 'Dave Sandhusen letter, prompted by May 26 editorial on Enron verdict, says perhaps appropriate punishment for Kenneth L Lay and Jeffrey K Skilling would be mandatory assitance for companies that must struggle to meet onerous requirements of Sarbanes-Oxley Act; drawing')('2006052', 'Senate overwhelmingly confirms Gen Michael V Hayden as director of Central Intelligence Agency; photo (M)')('2006052', "Mark A Stein Five Days column; jury found former Enron executives Kenneth L Lay and Jeffrey K Skilling guilty of fraud and deceiving investors; chairman Lay could be sentenced to 45 years in federal prison on six counts of conspiracy and fraud; chief executive Skilling faces 185 years on 19 counts of conspiracy, fraud, insider trading and making false statements; NYSE Group offered $10.2 billion for Euronext stock exchange in effort to gain access to more investors; over 20 companies received subpoenas from Justice Department seeking information on executive stock option plans; UnitedHealth Group is largest company to receive subpoena; legal experts said it is unclear if practice of backdating is illegal; Office of Federal Housing Enterprise Oversight said Fannie Mae manipulated company's financial results as part of $11 billion accounting scandal that lasted years; said at least $52 million of former chairman and chief executive Franklin D Raines's $90 million pay from 1998 to 2003 was tied to manipulated accounting; Commerce Department reported 5.3 percent rate of growth for economy in first quarter; Regions Financial Corp agreed to acquire AmSouth Bancorporation for $9.8 billion in stock, resulting in nation's 10th-largest bank; private investors group said shareholders accepted $9.7 billion offer for VNU; group of private investors won right to purchase Philadelphia Inquirer and Daily News from McClatchy; photo (M)")('2006052', 'Correction: May 22 article about Dean Singleton, chief executive of MediaNews Groups, refers incorrectly to his management of one newspaper and to joint operating agreement between two competing newspapers')('2006052', 'CBS wins ratings for Thursday night in total viewers and among viewers age 55 and older with reruns of shows Numbers, CSI and Without a Trace; Fox wins ratings among viewers age 18 to 49 with premiere of reality show So You Think You Can Dance; photo (M)')('2006052', 'Kansas City Royals defeat New York Yankees, 7-6; Yankees shortstop Derek Jeter earns 2,000th career hit; photos (M)')('2006052', "Erica B Grubb calls May 20 article on hospice care 'extraordinary' and relates hospice service at her mother's death")('2006052', 'Kent K Gordis letter says vigorous government regulation is needed to avoid more Enrons (May 26 article)')('2006052', "Correction: May 23 article about study of dragonflies' migration misstated direction of prevailing winds they follow")('2006052', 'New York Yankees may place catcher Jorge Posada on disabled list with tendon tear in leg (M)')('2006052', 'Correction: May 23 article about cervical cancer referred incorrectly to vaccine awaiting federal approval')('2006052', 'Robert A Palgon letter says guilty verdicts of Kenneth L Lay and Jeffrey K Skilling, former Enron chief executives, do not obscure fact that regulatory systems failed repeatedly to catch and correct criminal corporate accounting (May 26 article)')('2006052', "Brij Mohan letter says rise and fall of Enron's executives represents triumph of public protest against abuse of corporate power (May 26 article)")('2006052', 'Sam Abrams letter says Venezuelan Pres Hugo Chavez shares some leadership similarities with Pres Bush (May 20 article)')('2006052', "Alice E Bisk letter, prompted by May 20 article on hospice care, tells of her grandmother's death")('2006052', "Correction: May 26 obituary of James W Carey misstated length of master's degree program he helped to develop")('2006052', "Oxford University wins legal victory in its effort to limit protests by animal rights activists opposed to new biomedical research center; British High Court agrees to extend zone keeping protesters away from center's construction site (S)")('2006052', 'Sarah J Baumgartel letter says while there is some satisfaction in Enron verdict, prosecutors should apply federal laws consistently, not simply to pursue big names (May 26 article)')('2006052', 'Karyn Kay letter says May 20 article on hospice care is important and moving; relates death of her brother-in-law and her gratitude to hospice worker')('2006052', 'Correction: May 26 obituary of Robert N Giaimo misstated day of his death')('2006052', 'Photo of mourner at Beverly National Cemetery in New Jersey')('2006052', 'Correction: May 26 picture caption showing meeting of women who want to return to legal careers misstated location of meeting')('2006052', 'Letter from Brad Shaw, Home Depot senior vice pres of corporate communications, says May 24 article on compensation of chief executive Robert L Nardelli does not include information that Home Depot has nearly doubled sales in last five years under Nardelli')('2006052', 'Photo of New York Mets pitcher Orlando Hernandez')('2006052', "Correction: May 23 article about Connecticut Democratic primary race between Sen Joseph I Lieberman and Ned Lamont incorrectly summarized in some copies senator's comments")('2006052', 'Israel denies responsibility for car bomb that kills Islamic Jihad official Abu Hamza and his brother Nidal in Lebanon (S)')('2006052', 'Steven Horwitz letter, prompted by May 26 article on Pres Bush and Prime Min Tony Blair acknowledging errors but defending Iraq war, says he waits for Bush to regret not his words but his reckless actions')('2006052', 'Florida Marlins defeat New York Mets, 5-1; photo (M)0')('2006052', "All punning aside, for the moment, part of what we're trying to do with this blog is to make it well-rounded, by providing you with many ways in to the global conversation on all things fussball, fútbol, futebol, voetbal, calcio, nogomet and, of course, soccer now taking place world-wide on the Web. That's why you'll [...]")('2006052', 'American actor Kevin Spacey (L) seen with Red Bull Racing team drivers Austrian Christian Klein (2nd L), Dutch Robert Doornbos (C) and Scottish David Coulthard (R). (EPA/Oliver Weiken). Well, I\'ve been too busy watching and thinking about racing to take much notice of the "star factor" this time. But since this is Monaco, I cannot [...]')('2006052', "Jacques Villeneuve of Canada has pre-race habits but not rituals. (EPA/Jimmy Froidevaux). A question came in at the last race, in Spain, in response to my virtual paddock post, with someone wanting to know what preparations the drivers do just before a race. I thought I'd gather together the responses for you and put them [...]")('2006052', 'Mark Lewis letter wonders if literary database will cause people to limit their reading to snippets of books that correspond to searches (May 14 Kevin Kelly article)')('2006052', 'Heated debate has developed over proposal by Oyster Bay Main Street Assn to build carousel in Theodore Roosevelt Memorial Park on Oyster Bay Harbor, NY; opponents say park deed prohibits noisy, mechanical amusements; proponents say it would be consistent with personality of park and town; photos (M)')('2006052', 'Conservation Lighting International president Gersil N Kay letter on May 14 article on efforts to save Lucy the Elephant, National Historic Landmark in Margate, NJ')('2006052', 'Photo of Edmonton Oilers win over Anaheim Mighty Ducks to advance to Stanley Cup finals')('2006052', 'Long Beach Island council president Ed English defends decision to hire about 30 foreign life guards to patrol beaches in Ship Bottom, NJ (S)')('2006052', 'Paul Slansky and Arleen Sorkin Op-Ed article in form of quiz about apologies that public figures have recently had to make for things they said or did; graphics by Helicopter (L)')('2006052', 'Terry Takahashi letter on May 14 editorial about day laborers in Mamaroneck, NY, questions whether immigrants, legal or otherwise, take jobs away from US citizens')('2006052', 'A RA4')('2006052', '*Max Neuman lett')('2006052', 'Gary Pokrassa letter on April 9 article about accident on Long Island Expressway involving overweight trash truck')('2006052', 'SOS4Education board member Lisa Cristal letter on May 14 article on land use issue in Scarsdale, NY; notes how Scarsdale residents are helping to rebuild hurricane-devastated Mississippi school district')('2006052', 'Philip Villi letter on May 14 article about Upper West Side and Eddie Cantor recalls meeting Cantor at New York Yankees game in 1939')('2006052', 'Editorial calls for compromise under which four-poster bait stations containing permethrin, currently banned in New York State, would be placed on Shelter Island in effort to control deer-borne ticks that cause Lyme disease and other ailments')('2006052', 'Editorial calls on Assemblyman Richard Brodsky, Sen Vincent Leibell and Comptroller Alan Hevesi to work together to finish job of New York State Commission on Public Authority Reform')('2006052', 'Photo of practicioners of Japanese martial art kendo in New York City')('2006052', "Anita Gates reviews production of Glen Berger's one-man play Underneath the Lintel, directed by Eric Ting and starring Mark Nelson; photo (M)")('2006052', 'Teenagers Daniel Garcia and Manuel Vasquez are charged with fatally stabbing 19-year-old Eric Herrera in Manhattan (M)')('2006052', 'Profile of and interview with golf course designer Rees Jones of Montclair, NJ; Jones comments on his background, golf game and career designing and redesigning golf courses; photo (M)')('2006052', 'A RACE,')('2006052', "Anthony L Bolzan letter comments on David Brooks's May 25 Op-Ed column on key role played by supportive, loving family in a child's success; says government has role in providing children with tools for success they may not get at home")('2006052', 'Correction of May 21 article about Dixie Chicks')('2006052', 'Tote bags and carryalls in canvas, terry, recycled paper and sailcloth are ready for the beach; photos (M)')('2006052', 'A RACE,')('2006052', 'Joseph Fitzer letter says May 14 Kevin Kelly article mixes ideas that deal thoughtfully with copyright law while attempting revive dream of divine knowledge of universe')('2006052', 'Article on dispute over development of former Mill Neck Marina in Locust Valley, NY; developer Harvey Weisman wants to build four $800,000 to $1 million homes on property and is willing to pay for part of cleanup; New York State Environmental Conservation Department, in flip-flop, has listed marina as state Superfund site; listing means entire property must be cleaned up, but only after extensive tests that would be paid for by owners; photo (M)')('2006052', 'Bill Cunningham Evening Hours photos of dinner-dances and galas around New York City')('2006052', 'Fiona Havers letter about May 21 article says television watching among infants and toddlers has been linked to increases in attention problems and obesity')('2006052', 'Betty Tiska letter on May 21 article on Long Island museums, which did not include Long Island Maritime Museum in West Sayville')('2006052', 'Article on growing popularity of lacrosse among children in southern Westchester County, NY; photos (M)')('2006052', 'Seven-time Tour de France champion Lance Armstrong appears in advertisement for Mandarin Oriental luxury hotel chain despite being on board of rival Morgans Hotel Group (S)')('2006052', 'New Jersey historian Emil Salvini comments on his new book, Boardwalk Memories: Tales of the Jersey Shore; photo (By the Way column) (M)')('2006052', 'Article on scene on soccer field in Monroe, Conn, as parents participate in Silent Sidelines Weekend; silent weekends are held on third weekend in May and October across Connecticut; photos (M)')('2006052', 'Correction; May 14 review of book Sons of')('2006052', "Mitchell Blumenthal Politics column on immense burdens imposed by New Jersey's home rule and latest effort by Assembly Speaker Joseph Roberts to chip away at waste and fraud (M)")('2006052', "Op-Ed article by Surfrider Foundation regional manager John Weber offers reasons why coastal towns and cities around America should reject beach replenishment projects undertaken by Army Corps of Engineers; holds engineer's idea of good beach is different from beach user's view (M)")('2006052', 'Benjamin Genocchio reviews exhibit of masterworks from permanent collection at Heckscher Museum of Art; photos (M)')('2006052', 'Frank Santoro letter comments on Jaime Hernandez serialized comic strip La Maggie La Loca')('2006052', 'Article on odd twist in housing market along Jersey Shore this season in which houses priced at $5 million to $10 million are selling quickly but sales of those between $1 million and $2 million have slowed; photo (M)')('2006052', "Article on annual International Festival of Arts and Ideas in New Haven, Conn, whose theme this year is Reach out to New Orleans and artists affected by Hurricane Katrina; festival's new director Mary Lou Aleskie and others comment; photos (M)")('2006052', 'Cathryn C Girard letter comments o')('2006052', "Debra West Cross Westchester column; some of those at screening of Al Gore's documentary An Inconvenient Truth at Jacob Burns Film Center comment on need to reach across political aisle to open national debate about global warming; 2,500 nature lovers attend annual Birds of Prey Day fund-raiser at Green Chimneys school, farm and wildlife rehabilitation center in Brewster; Margie Nugent and Michele Campbell open Best Kept Home, handywoman business in Mount Kisco that takes on small- and medium-size home repairs for hourly wage; photo (M)")('2006052', 'Mills Corp, in Securities and Exchange Commission filing, acknowledges that Meadowlands Xanadu shopping and entertainment complex will take longer, cost more and earn less money than originally projected (S)')('2006052', 'Article on rise in number of men on Long Island who are undergoing plastic surgery or Botox injections in order to gain more youthful appearance; photos (M)')('2006052', 'Editorial calls on Assemblyman Richard Brodsky, Sen Vincent Leibell and Comptroller Alan Hevesi to work together to finish job of New York State Commission on Public Authority Reform')('2006052', 'Profile of and interview with Anne Cubberly, new artist-in-residence at Wadsworth Atheneum Museum of Art; photos (M)')('2006052', 'Benjamin Genocchio reviews art show at Pierro Gallery in South Orange, NJ, featuring artists who work with material gathered from mass media; photos (M)')('2006052', 'Op-Ed article by Joanne Dobson on finding well-kept books from library of sufragette Phebe Francena Maine at estate sale in Goldens Bridge, NY (M)')('2006052', "Carol Netzer letter calls for return of Chris Ware's comic strip Building Stories")('2006052', "Footlights column; East End Arts Council's 10th annual Community Mosaic and Street Painting Festival will include Storytelling Tent (S)")('2006052', 'Excerpts from previously published reviews of restaurants in Coney Island and Brighton Beach (Good Eating column) (M)')('2006052', 'New Jersey Transit opens new ferry terminal in Weehawken, NJ, which will be home base of New York Waterway; company plans to raise fares as much as $9 each way; photo (S)')('2006052', 'A RACE,')('2006052', "Assembly Speaker Joseph Roberts Jr is sworn in, signs couple of bills and hosts private reception at governor's mansion during short time he takes over as acting New Jersey governor; photo (S)")('2006052', "Letter from Jeffrey Weiss, of National Gallery of Art, says Kevin Kelly's argument for universal electronic library is flawed; contends idea of integrating texts would obliterate meaningful autonomy that distinguishes individual work (May 14 article); photo")('2006052', 'Henry Alford puts together snippets from various cookbooks to create humorous recipes (M)')('2006052', "Article on extensive dependence on revenue from parking meters in Village of Great Neck Plaza, NY, on Long Island's Gold Coast; village, which covers one-third of square mile, has 1,100 parking meters that added almost $1 million to village coffers--nearly 20 percent of its budget--in last fiscal year; residents, downtown shoppers and business owners comment; list; photo (M)")('2006052', "Massachusetts University defeats Maryland University, 8-5, to advance to men's NCAA Division I lacrosse championship; Virginia University defeats Syracuse University, 17-10; photo (M)")('2006052', 'Jersey Footlights column on What About Frank?, five-member band from Red Bank, NJ, that has signed deal with Capitol Records (S)')('2006052', "Stephens Inc investment house will be broken up; current chief executive Warren A Stephens will run Stephens Inc and its financial services company; Wilton R Stephens Jr and sister Elizabeth Stephens Campbell will head holding company Stephens Group; three executives are children of company's founder (S)")('2006052', 'David Rosenblatt letter comments on Ron Powers May 14 review of Bill Carter book Desperate Networks/')('2006052', 'Thomas Klein letter holds that because search engines do not differentiate between relevant, useful texts and incidental occurrences of words or phrases they are not helpful (May 14 Kevin Kelly article)')('2006052', 'Correction; May 14 article about Segolene Royal, who is running for presidency of France, misspelled surname of former president Francois Mitterrand')('2006052', 'Profiles of and interviews with four departing Westchester County school district superintendents; Sidney Freund of Dobbs Ferry, Linda Kelly of New Rochelle, Charles Coletti of Port Chester and John Russell of Hastings-on-Hudson agree that school financing will be big test in future but disagree on benefits of standardized testing; photos (M)')('2006052', "David Isenberg letter comments on Ted Koppel's May 22 Op-Ed, saying use of private contractors by US military in Iraq will require closer regulation, mandatory audit trails, regular reporting and greater public access to nonsensitive records; drawing")('2006052', "Vincent Mallozzi Jersey column on state's lack of slogan, despite two failed attempts by marketing company at cost of $260,000; offers some of his own suggestions; drawing (M)")('2006052', 'Photo of Aiesha Bennett and her uncle Thomas Cherry at cookout in Prospect Park')('2006052', 'Long Island Journal column; facilitators Lonnie Mathis and Linda Coleman comment on Herstory, autobiographical writing programs for female inmates at Riverhead and Yaphank Correctional Facilities; photo (M)')('2006052', 'Correction of May 21 article that contained outdated remarks by Community Board 8 chairman David Liston about plans by New York Presbyterian Hospital to build residential tower on Upper East Side (S)')('2006052', 'Dee Dennis letter abhors photos of Kirsty Hume wearing expensive clothing while children in photos sport miserable expressions (May 14 Style article)')('2006052', 'Article on programs developed by Girl Scouts of Nassau County, NY, part of series of innovations by council that have become models for scout troops across country; young girls can earn patches in relational-aggression, brownfields and other issues relevant to their lives; photo (M)')('2006052', 'Photo of police in Moscow stopping parade led by gay rights advocate Nikolai Alekseyev; religious leaders condemned planned march and right-wing nationalists threatened violence')('2006052', "Jeremy M Posner letter comments on Ted Koppel's May 22 Op-Ed, saying money that would be spent on private contractors in Iraq would better be used increasing pay levels across US military; drawing")('2006052', 'Part 6 of Jaime Hernandez comic strip La Maggie La Loca (M)')('2006052', 'Article on lack of interest, despite rise in cost of oil and natural gas used to generate electricity, in resurrecting Shoreham nuclear power plant on Long Island, which ceased operations in 1994; photos (M)')('2006052', 'Freda Rosenfeld and Kate Sharp letter on May 14 FYI item about human milk banking')('2006052', 'A RACEd')('2006052', 'Dennis Wedlick letter about May 21 article says there is nothing wrong associating merchandise with musical theater entertainment')('2006052', 'Letter from artistic director of New York City Center Encores! and creative director of Jujamcyn Theaters Jack Viertel about May 21 article says that musical theater is indeed healthy and growing')('2006052', 'Members of Business Leaders for Sensible Priorities, liberal advocacy group, say they would fire Defense Secretary Donald H Rumsfeld if he worked for any of them; group consists of ten current or retired corporate executives from wide range of industries (S)')('2006052', 'Book Review editors introduce special food issue (S)')('2006052', 'Dennis DeSantis letter about May 21 article on decline of musical theater')('2006052', "John O Fox letter comments on David Brooks's May 25 Op-Ed column on importance of stable, loving family in ensuring a child's success; says poor children do not lack supportive families, but do need much greater institutional support than other children do")('2006052', 'Harry E Owens letter comments on May 14 Kevin Kelly article about universal database of knowledge')('2006052', 'Robert Craft letter comments on Greg Sandow April 30 review of Stephen Walsh book Stravinsky: The Second Exile')('2006052', "Correction of May 7 Cross Westchester column about county's Independence Party (S)")('2006052', "Letter from Mila Rosenthal (Amnesty International USA) replies to Ted Koppel's May 22 Op-Ed, warning that US outsourcing of military functions in Iraq could fuel serious human rights abuses; drawing")('2006052', 'Correction; May 14 article misstated amount of dill in recipe for salmon')('2006052', 'Jamie Baldwin reply to May 14 letters on interview with Tim Russert')('2006052', "New York University graduate student David Schleifer letter on Michael J Agovino's May 14 article on New York University")('2006052', 'Ellen Belmont Rosichan letter expresses sadness at May 14 Daphne Merkin article about size of inheritance she may get from her mother')('2006052', "Trust for Public Land and Hartford, Conn, announce joint effort to renovate city's park system (S)")('2006052', "Letter from Pat Schroeder of Association of American Publishers says Kevin Kelly's loyalties clearly lie with Google; says others in Open Content Alliance first obtain permission to copy works under copyright (May 14 article)")('2006052', 'Article on 10-day interfaith pilgrimage to Holy Land taken by mixed group of 16 Jewish, Catholic and Muslim high school students from Long Island organized and paid for by Custom Tours and Events in Merrick; students and adults who accompanied them comment on insights they have gained from trip; photo (M)')('2006052', "Jane McNichol letter on David Rabin and Robert Bookman's May 21 Op-Ed article on noisy nightclubs in Chelsea neighborhood")('2006052', "Article on annual International Festival of Arts and Ideas in New Haven, Conn, whose theme this year is Reach out to New Orleans and artists affected by Hurricane Katrina; festival's new director Mary Lou Aleskie and others comment; photos (M)")('2006052', "Members of Third United States Infantry, also known as Old Guard, at Arlington National Cemetery, assist at 20 funerals a day and, when they are not performing ceremonial duties, they train for security and infantry missions, preparing to put themselves in harm's way; photos (L)")('2006052', 'Correction of May 21 article about Birgit Nilsson misstated surname of her husband (S)')('2006052', 'Autopsy shows that Stephen Molinaro, son of Staten Island Borough President James P Molinaro, died of drug overdose (M)')('2006052', "University of Missouri denies former Enron chairman and chief executive Kenneth L Lay's request to return $1.1 million he donated to his alma mater; Lay says he needs money to help pay legal bills after being convicted of securities fraud in collapse of Enron (S)")('2006052', "Anita Gates reviews Goodspeed Opera House revival of musical Li'l Abner; photo (M)")('2006052', 'Article on diminishing respect for high school athletics coaches; unlike today, coaches once spent many years in same post and became mentors to players; photo (M)')('2006052', "Penelope Mermall letter on David Rabin and Robert Bookman's May 21 Op-Ed article on noise and rowdiness outside nightclubs in Chelsea neighborhood")('2006052', 'New York City police find body of woman in Brooklyn; say body appears to have stab wounds and that someone tried to burn body (M)')('2006052', "Donna Oglio Goldoff letter on Carole Getzoff's May 14 article on shopping with her mother on Fordham Road in Bronx")('2006052', 'List of recent recalls reported to National Highway Traffic Safety Administration; photos (M)')('2006052', "Andrew Sandor letter on May 14 article about DeCamp Bus Lines' suit against New Jersey Transit")('2006052', 'Connecticut Department of Transportation opens new section of Sikorsky Bridge over Housatonic River between Milford and Stratford; photo (S)')('2006052', 'Voters in Preston, Conn, approve referendum, by vote of 1,330 to 1,023, allowing Joseph Gentile to build Utopia Studios, $1.6 billion entertainment complex; project will be built on former Norwich Hospital property now owned by state (S)')('2006052', 'Bill Cunningham On the Street photos of people wearing their weekend hang-out clothes in New York City')('2006052', "Hard Rock Cafe chain founder Peter Morton agrees to sell Hard Rock Hotel and Casino in Las Vegas for $770 million; sale agreement allows Morton to keep select pieces of music memorabilia with combined value of as much as $100,000; Morton's sons insist on keeping items belonging to Jimi Hendrix; photos (M)")('2006052', "Educator and children's book author Kathy Szaj letter about May 21 article says children would learn far more from having books read to them than by watching television")('2006052', "Dave George letter opposes Ted Koppel's idea of having civilian contractors fight in Iraq (May 22 Op-Ed); drawing")('2006052', 'Elliot Lang letter on May 14 article on restoration of historic planes that flew in New York City recalls July 10, 1938, around-the-world flight by Howard Hughes from Floyd Bennett Field')('2006052', 'Correction; May 21 picture caption misidentified model year of Best in Show car at 2005 Pebble Beach Concours; it was 1937 Delage, not 1938')('2006052', 'Ellen Geiger letter says May 14 Kevin Kelly article about literary database should cause author to think twice about plagiarizing')('2006052', 'Article on February 9 disappearance of Brazilian native Carla Vicentini, 22, which has garnered much news coverage in her native Brazil but little in English-language press in Newark, NJ, where she disappeared; photos (M)')('2006052', 'Article on February 9 disappearance of Brazilian native Carla Vicentini, 22, which has garnered much news coverage in her native Brazil but little in English-language press in Newark, NJ, where she disappeared; photos (M)')('2006052', 'Photo of Miami Heat win over Detroit Pistons in Game 3 of Eastern Conference finals')('2006052', 'Article on lineup of musicians and groups scheduled to perform at annual Appel Farms Arts and Music Festival in Elmer, NJ; photos (M)')('2006052', 'Some residents complain about noise when Garden State Fireworks, commissioned by American Express, sets off fireworks display at Liberty State Park in Jersey City, NJ (S)')('2006052', 'Profile of and interview with Ira Berkowitz, 66, retired advertising executive whose first book, crime novel Family Matters, has just been published; photos (M)')('2006052', 'Footlights column; board of directors names new reading room in Ossining Public Library after native son, writer John Cheever (M)')('2006052', 'Joel Keller article on sampling unusual dishes at food counters at Kam Man Food supermarket in East Hanover, NJ; photo (M)')('2006052', 'Long Island Council of Churches executive director Thomas W Goodhue letter on May 14 editorial on building affordable housing in Garden City, NY')('2006052', 'Howard Goldberg briefly reviews a gruner veltliner wine from Austria (S)')('2006052', 'Photo of girl shucking corn in preparation for Memorial Day barbecue in New York City')('2006052', 'Carolina Hurricanes')('2006052', '*David D Doniger let')('2006052', "David Berman letter says David Brooks's May 25 Op-Ed column on emotional capital required for child's success is just another argument for not 'throwing money' at problem; says there is no way to break cycle of poverty without spending money")('2006052', "Irene Stockman letter opposes privatization of warfare in Iraq or elsewhere (Ted Koppel's May 22 Op-Ed); drawing")('2006052', "Jeremy Scahill letter opposes use of mercenaries in Iraq (Ted Koppel's May 22 Op-Ed); drawing")('2006052', "Nancy Hughes letter rejects Ted Koppel's proposal (May 22 Op-Ed) that private contractors take over some functions of US military in Iraq; drawing")('2006052', "Tariq Aziz, Iraq's deputy prime minister under Saddam Hussein, testifies at Hussein's trial in pajamas; others who have shown up in court in pajamas are singer Michael Jackson and mobster Vincent Gigante; photos (S)")('2006052', "May 21 Public Editor column on front-page placement of deeply flawed article about standing-room-only airline 'seats' prompts letters from Justin Fallon Dollard, Ernest F Imhoff, Susan Bodiker, Pat Murphy, Miles Gerety, Kenneth E MacWilliams and Kenneth T Simendinger")('2006052', 'Connecticut Public Health Department reports number of reported Lyme disease cases rose 34 percent in 2005 (S)')('2006052', '*Zack Macdonald letter contends')('2006052', 'Mary Gillespie letter opposes May 21 article on new coffee houses in Windsor Terrace, Brooklyn')('2006052', "Joan Cichalski letter on Joe Queenan's May 21 article comparing Frank Sinatra with Bruce Springsteen")('2006052', "May 7 Public Editor column on genesis of 'enterprise stories' in New York Times prompts letter from Marilynn Talal, Jeannette Paladino and Josh Thomas")('2006052', 'In 2002, during the last World Cup, Tim Parks wrote an interesting article in The New York Review of Books called "Soccer: A Matter of Love and Hate," in which he looked at the contrast between the official line about the World Cup, that, like the Olympics, it\'s about bringing nations together through sport, and [...]')('2006052', 'The BBC has struck a serious blow against workplace productivity around the planet by including, on the part of its World Cup site that profiles each of the teams in the competition, two features that could render otherwise productive office workers completely useless for hours at a time over the next six weeks. The first [...]')('2006052', "It was a busy evening for Charlie King. The attorney general candidate spent a considerable amount of time walking through the Hyatt Regency Hotel in Buffalo, trying to persuade convention delegates to support his campaign's effort to suspend the rules and allow all five candidates for that office onto the ballot. Mr. King's aides have [...]")('2006052', 'In his high-octane rally Monday night at Dunn Tire Park in Buffalo, Attorney General Eliot Spitzer had this to say: "We don\'t need governors and leaders who are criss-crossing this state with their eye on other offices.\'\' Okay, so Gov. George E. Pataki was in Iowa this weekend. But, umm, which other leaders might be [...]')('2006052', 'Late last month the Chicago City Council took the incredibly courageous step of banning the sale of foie gras - the livers of ducks and geese that have been force-fed corn - within the city limits. The move, which followed on the heels of an equally bold ban signed into law by Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger [...]')('2006052', 'The heavy drone of the private neighborhood generator slowly eased down into a familiar whir, marking its shutdown for the night. I cursed the owner under my breath. It was only 8:30 p.m. With beads of sweat already forming on my forehead, I threw off my shirt and opened my bedroom window. Pausing for a [...]')('2006052', 'Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg will not attend the state Republican convention in Hempstead this week, but he still has advice for political leaders in both the Republican and Democratic parties. "I tend to be somebody down the middle," Mr. Bloomberg said today before marching in a Memorial Day parade in Whitestone, Queens. "And I would [...]')('2006052', 'Attempting one of the largest buyouts in recent years, a group led by the chairman of Kinder Morgan has offered to buy the Houston-based pipeline owner for $100 per share, valuing the company at about $13.4 billion. Including debt that Kinder Morgan would either retain or refinance, the proposed buyout has an overall value of [...]')('2006052', 'James Estrin/The New York Times Eliot Spitzer arrived in Buffalo just after 2 p.m. wearing what could be called patriotic casual: pleated white slacks, red golf shirt, and a blue blazer. After greeting supporters, he took hardest shot yet at the Lower Manhattan Development Corporation, calling the rebulding efforts at ground zero "an Enron-style debacle." [...]')('2006052', 'Heightening the disconnect between a state Democratic Party that largely opposes the Iraq war, and the planned coronation of Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton, who supported it, is a long-shot challenger and his modest proposal for an anti-war resolution. The resolution, being offered by Jonathan Tasini, caused a stir among the delegates in Buffalo, many of [...]')('2006052', "A couple of our readers have rightly pointed out that we've been a bit thin on Argentina content so far. We're out to correct that situation, so while also noting that Diego Armando Maradona recently expressed his desire to one day coach the albicelestes, we offer this paean to El Pibe de Oro, the actual [...]")('2006052', "The rumor-mongering has begun in Buffalo as Democrats arrive this afternoon for the start of the state party convention on Tuesday. Democrats close to Denise O'Donnell's campaign for attorney general say they are hearing talk, apparently by supporters of rival candidates, that Ms. O'Donnell is (a) preparing to drop out, (b) seeking a deal to [...]")('2006052', "Did it cross the line or not? That's been the question since Geoff Hurst's shot in extra time during the 1966 World Cup final at Wembley hit the crossbar and dropped down either on or over the goal line, giving England a 3-2 lead en route to a 4-2 victory. (And the English have been [...]")('2006052', "It's a busy day for political consultant Bill O'Reilly, whose shop is working for two Republican candidates this year, John Faso for governor and K.T. McFarland for Senate. He reports that the Erie County Republican Committee has endorsed both candidates. That's a blow to Bill Weld, the other Republican running for governor, who had enjoyed [...]")('2006052', "One question we haven't seen addressed is whether it was a good idea for Bruce Arena and the U.S. Soccer Federation to have scheduled all the team's World Cup preparation matches in the United States in the fortnight before the tournament begins, and none in Europe. Given the significant difference in atmosphere between American and [...]")('2006052', "The United States' 1-0 victory yesterday in East Hartford against a Latvia team that hadn't played in six months received enthusiastic reviews from most of the reporters who covered the game. Their game accounts, as in The Boston Globe, Los Angeles Times, New York Daily News and Hartford Courant focused on the Americans' getting a [...]")('2006052', 'From The Times: Patrick Healy gives a preview of the state Republican and Democratic conventions this week, as the races for governor, attorney general and United States Senate start in earnest. And a political memo from City Hall by Diane Cardwell: "For a man who says he is not running for president, Mayor Michael R. [...]')('2006052', 'Gilbert White\'s Selborne Journal: Saturday, 29 May 1784: 29 6/10; 53, 61; S, SE. No dew, dark, rain, sun, grey. Flag-Iris, & Narcissus blow. Gryllo-talpa churs in moist meadows. Aphides appear on the shoots of the wall-cherries. VK: By "gryllo-talpa," White means the mole cricket. *** 7:20 am. 53 degrees. Cloudy. The orange tips of [...]')('2006052', 'Letter from architect Richard Rogers explains his vision for Javits Convention Center as concept that optimizes views across Hudson River while retaining existing zoning')('2006052', 'Fox wins ratings for Tuesday night with show American Idol (S)h')('2006052', 'Nate Chinen reviews new CD by Diego Urcola; photo (M)')('2006052', "Letter from Empire State Development Corp chairman Charles A Gargano lauds Richard Rogers's vision of open space around Javits Convention Center along Manhattan waterfront")('2006052', 'Merrick Spiers letter on immigration debate suggests guest-worker program might include savings plan that would pay out only after worker returns to Mexico')('2006052', 'Kelefa Sanneh reviews new CD by Shearwater (M)')('2006052', "Michael A Clemens letter says many Filipino women would not have trained as nurses if not for migration opportunity and are not 'lost' in any sense when they depart to work abroad")('2006052', 'Judith S Holtzman letter says US plan to lure foreign nurses is guaranteed plan to reduce decent salaries offered to Americans')('2006052', 'Neva Carrie Solomon letter calls for more Americans to be trained as doctors and nurses, as alternative to importing foreign medical personnel')('2006052', 'Popular Demand column discusses sales of Dixie Chicks album Taking the Long Way released on May 23; photo (S)')('2006052', 'Letter from Teamsters official Bret Caldwell objects to May 24 articleglorifying commercialization of search for James R Hoffa in area of Milford, Michigan')('2006052', "Modernista opens creative office in Amersterdam to service General Motors' Hummer Brand in Europe and Middle East (S)")('2006052', 'Jon Pareles reviews new CD by Juana Molina; photo (M)')('2006052', 'Photo of Barbaro, which was injured in Preakness Stakes')('2006052', "Round up of past week's advertising account changes (S)")('2006052', 'Letter from Bob Dinneen of Renewable Fuels Assn says it will take cooperation and active participation of both public and private sectors to realize full potential of robust American ethanol industry')('2006052', 'Letter from John Walter, former executive editor of Atlanta Journal-Constitution, says challenge for newspapers is as simple as it has alway been, which is to be needed by people')('2006052', 'Kelefa Sanneh reviews new CD by rapper Yung Joc; photo (M)')('2006052', "Round up of past week's advertising account changes (S)")('2006052', 'Letter from Bob Dinneen of Renewable Fuels Assn says it will take cooperation and active participation of both public and private sectors to realize full potential of robust American ethanol industry')('2006052', 'Letter from John Walter, former executive editor of Atlanta Journal-Constitution, says challenge for newspapers is as simple as it has alway been, which is to be needed by people')('2006052', 'Kelefa Sanneh reviews new CD by rapper Yung Joc; photo (M)')('2006052', 'Photo of sun as it sets during so-called Manhattan solstice, illuminating every straight cross street on island')('2006052', 'Sia Michel reviews new CD Peeping Tom, featuring Mike Patton and various collaborators; photo (M)9')('2006052', 'Teresa Solomita letter finds it sad commentary on US that efforts are put into luring outsiders as nurses instead of investing in training Americans')('2006052', 'Bill Bucy letter on decline of daily newspapers says publications that focus on local issues are doing well and will have longer lifespan than those that repackage what people already know')('2006052', 'Mimi Signor letter says so-called nursing shortage would not exist if hospitals offered adequate pay and endurable working conditions commensurate with responsibilities of registered nurses')('2006053', 'I never wanted to visit Venice, the most clichéd of Italian cities.')('2006053', 'Fresh from the convention hoopla in Buffalo, Eliot Spitzer dropped by a campaign party this evening with a few hundred supporters in a parking lot in nearby Lackawanna. Pumped, grinning, and sweaty, Eliot had one particularly intriguing line given the political flavor of the day: Decrying partisanship, he said, "I don\'t plan to govern as [...]')('2006053', "DRC and fine Burgundy in general reminds me of Manhattan real estate (which has been a particular sore point recently - don't ask). I ask you, who is buying these multi-million dollar apartments? And I demand to know who is paying $2,399 for a bottle of '85 La Tache.")('2006053', 'On Thursday, the Office of Federal Housing Enterprise Oversight releases its figures on house appreciation. Think of it as the official scorecard for the real estate game. Why would you pay attention? As the blog Calculated Risk points out, it could be the first time that we see something very rare - real estate prices [...]')('2006053', "An interesting comment for all those who gleefully await the real estate crash can be found at the end of the Surreal Estate column of the San Francisco Chronicle. Columnist Carol Lloyd notes that even if prices drop significantly, they have appreciated so much over the past few years that the people who couldn't afford [...]")('2006053', 'Soccer pornography: a video of unbelievable trapping, passing and beautiful goals from Zinedine Zidane and Ronaldinho. Delightfully, not assembled in the service of selling us anything. – J.K./R.M.')('2006053', 'A few people have asked that we post a link to a full schedule for the tournament, showing what time each game starts here in New York, so we did. – J.K./R.M.')('2006053', 'For those who enjoyed our colleague Sarah Lyall\'s fine article in today\'s paper, "England\'s Soccer Fans Expect the Best but Await the Worst," and England completists, we present a special bonus feature: the video console on the official England team Web site, where you can watch the English news media cross-examine Coach Sven-Goran Eriksson as [...]')('2006053', 'In Akron, Ohio, foreclosed homes - especially those costing $20,000 or less - are selling briskly, The Beacon-Journal reports. These bargain properties are usually sold to flippers. Most such homes are in the Summit Lake area of Akron, where the poverty rate is 37 percent. The article includes this implicit warning from Tim McCloud of [...]')('2006053', 'Rate your broker? Brokerate.com, the site recently started by Brownstoner to rate New York real estate brokers, was suspended after just four days, due to vicious and uncivil broker bashing. Now, the Houston Chronicle reports on a different system for rating your broker. The Houston Association of Realtors has set up a 1 to 5 [...]')('2006053', "The Sam's Army player ratings are in for the U.S. national team's 1-0 victory over Latvia on Sunday. Members of the excellent traveling support group, voting on the Sam's Army Web site, gave a thumbs up to Brian McBride, who earned an average of 7.14 out of 10, and something of a thumbs sideways to [...]")('2006053', 'Andrew Cuomo at the Democratic convention, flanked by his parents, Mario and Matilda Cuomo. (Mike Groll for The New York Times) After two hours of roll calling, the roughly 400 delegates at the state Democratic convention have voted for their candidate for state attorney general. The rounded numbers per state party chairman Denny Farrell: Andrew [...]')('2006053', 'This was the "Ulysses" of menus, simultaneously awe-inspiring and impenetrable. It was out of control.')('2006053', 'While visiting a water park, my family and I wore wrist bracelets with radio-frequency identification tags that took the place of both wallet and hotel room key.')('2006053', 'The delegate counting is nearing an end in the battle to replace Eliot Spitzer, and already the candidates are looking ahead to the petitioning process to get on the September primary ballot. Each of the four candidates not nominated here today insists that he or she will be on the ballot in September and promises [...]')('2006053', 'There was a long line for the free hot dogs and soda at Tom Suozzi\'s rally for governor outside the Democratic convention this afternoon - and about as many people stood listening to the Man himself. "What\'re you guys doing here? Haven\'t you seen the polls?" Suozzi asked. He spoke for 15 minutes under a [...]')('2006053', 'Our Viennese correspondent, Christian Höller, now bitten hard by the World Cup blogging bug, writes again to alert us to two more items of interest in the German press. First, in the English-language edition of Spiegel, there is this translation of an interview with the Iranian president, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad that ran in German on Sunday. [...]')('2006053', "It's really stunning, the manpower that Andrew Cuomo is deploying at the Democratic convention to drive up his vote count from delegates who are considering whom to back for attorney general right now. At least five Andrew minions wearing communications headsets are dotting the convention floor. Other minions are standing along the walls and in [...]")('2006053', "There may be a rude surprise in store for investors who think they escaped getting burned by last year's scandal at hedge fund Bayou Group. The fund, which raised more than $450 million before it abruptly imploded in August with most of that money missing, filed for Chapter 11 protection on Tuesday in New York. [...]")('2006053', 'As the Democrats meet to decide whom to support in the race for Attorney General, Mark Green just acknowledged to the Empire Zone that he is not going to get on the ballot and that he will have a statement lambasting the county leaders who used strong-arm tactics to keep him down. – Jonathan P. [...]')('2006053', 'Other teams may be suffering injuries left and right, but for Tunisia, as Coach Roger Lemerre said today in the Tunis daily Le Temps, "everything is in order, even our injured are recuperating." Other coaches wish they could say the same. The Spanish midfielder Xabi Alonso has gone down with an unspecified leg injury, joining [...]')('2006053', "I spent a year in Cairo studying Arabic many moons ago, and so I've been appalled by the crackdown on dissidents in Egypt. President Mubarak's son, Gamal, seems like a nice guy, but he is hurting himself and his reputation by allowing himself to be portrayed as his father's eventual successor. And the U.S. should [...]")('2006053', "I've never been in Namibia before, and I was very impressed. Particularly after Swaziland, Namibia is incredibly clean and efficient. Windhoek looks more like a European capital than an African one. In terms of AIDS, as well, Namibia is doing relatively well. Swaziland and South Africa have messed up the response (although South Africa is [...]")('2006053', "Will a rival bidder emerge for Kinder Morgan? Investors on Tuesday seemed to have their doubts. The pipeline company's shares surged as high as $103 early in Tuesday's session but later eased back to close at $100.31. That was only slightly above Monday's offer to take the company private at $100 per share in a [...]")('2006053', 'In this lesson, students explore the concepts and content necessary to debate whether or not schools should regulate the quantity or type of food and beverages students consume, and develop position papers.')('2006053', 'If the Senate confirms Goldman Sachs chairman Henry Paulson Jr. as the next Treasury Secretary, he will pack up his bags and head to Washington. One thing he will probably not take with him - at least not in its current form - is his huge equity stake in Goldman Sachs. The Treasury Secretary is [...]')('2006053', 'Eliot Spitzer accepting the Democratic nomination for governor. (Mike Groll for The New York Times) (Update: For more details, see this report from Danny Hakim of The Times.) Eliot just wrapped. He defied some expectations by staying relatively unwonky. He took us on a tour of New York\'s history, "a shining example of what\'s best [...]')('2006053', "James Estrin/The New York Times Not at the Democratic convention, certainly. If there's a piece of Suozzi bunting in the vicinity of the delegates, I haven't seen it. Suozzi spokeswoman Kim Devlin says that the candidate is sticking to his plan not to drop by the convention; only his campaign chairman, Jay Jacobs, in his [...]")('2006053', 'Readers respond to Paul Krugman\'s May 29 column, "Swift Boating the Planet" Maryann Pelletier, New City, N.Y.: I wonder how many others are paying attention to the reprehensible actions of those who justify any means to achieve their ends. Evidence of global warming is all around us, and it\'s time we paid attention to Dr. [...]')('2006053', 'Readers respond to David Brooks\'s May 28 column, "The Duke Witch Hunt" Dabney Grinnan, Chapel Hill, N.C.: Mr. Brooks is right to liken this case to a witch hunt. Even if there is a guilty Duke lacrosse player somewhere in this media morass, there are so many innocent young men who have been ill-treated by [...]')('2006053', 'Are liberal hawks like Peter Beinart, the editor-at-large of The New Republic and the author of "The Good Fight: Why Liberals-and Only Liberals-Can Win the War on Terror and Make America Great Again," actually secret neocons, or are they secret peaceniks? In Sunday\'s Los Angeles Times, former L.A. Times editorial writer Jacob Heilbrunn says Beinart [...]')('2006053', 'Basil A. Paterson with his family, including son, David, at right, during his 1970 campaign for lieutenant governor. (Associated Press) Thirty-six years ago, Basil A. Paterson won the Democratic nomination for lieutenant governor. On Tuesday morning, he nominated his son, State Senator David A. Paterson, for the post. As he was greeted with an ovation [...]')('2006053', "Bidding for the shoe and apparel maker Jones Apparel Group has entered a second round and the price appears to be $32 a share, Women's Wear Daily reported on Tuesday, citing unnamed investment banking sources. The retail trade magazine said the company and its bankers want between $35 and $38 a share. Jones Apparel shares [...]")('2006053', 'Wow, there really isn\'t a Suozzi supporter in the house, it seems. The Democrats just opened the convention hall to nominations for governor. Eliot was nominated and seconded by just about everyone in the hall, it seemed; when the moderator asked if there were any other candidates, at least a dozen people shouted, "No!" The [...]')('2006053', 'Marsh Supermarkets said Tuesday an investor group offered to buy the company for about $107.8 million, nearly 23 percent higher than an existing offer. The supermarket chain said it had received an unsolicited letter dated May 22 from Drawbridge Special Opportunities Advisors and Cardinal Paragon offering to buy the company for $13.625 per share. The [...]')('2006053', "As of late Tuesday morning, Goldman Sachs had not announced who will replace Henry Paulson when he steps down as chief executive to become Treasury Secretary. By most accounts, though, the next in line is Lloyd Blankfein, the securities firm's president and chief operating officer. Mr. Blankfein became Mr. Paulson's heir apparent when John Thain [...]")('2006053', 'Stewart Cairns for The New York Times The "Late Night With David Paterson" party did have a Top 10 list, perhaps in a case of life imitating blog. As Capitol Confidential reported, Mr. Paterson, who is Eliot Spitzer\'s running made, gave the party his list of the top 10 reasons he wants to be the [...]')('2006053', "Shareholders of supermarket chain Albertson's have voted in support of the company's plan to sell itself to a group of retailers and private equity investors for about $9.7 billion, Albertson's said Tuesday in a press release. The deal must also be approved by shareholders of Supervalu, one of the proposed acquirers. That vote was expected [...]")('2006053', "Philip Purcell, ousted nearly a year ago as chief executive of Morgan Stanley, has set up a company in Chicago to invest his own money. Joining him at the company, Continental Investors, is W. Eric Carlborg, formerly an investment banker at Merrill Lynch. The pair will share office space with two of Mr. Purcell's seven [...]")('2006053', 'Under pressure to shore up its flagging stock price, the publisher and broadcaster Tribune on Tuesday announced plans to repurchase as much as $2 billion of its own stock. Tribune, which some analysts and investors have suggested should sell assets or perhaps even find a buyer for the entire company, also said it would sell [...]')('2006053', 'We return our attention now to Australia, in the first place because we have a correction to make. As several readers have pointed out, in one of our first posts we mistakenly said that the crowd of 95,000 that turned out to see the Socceroos beat European champions Greece, 1-0, the other day had assembled [...]')('2006053', 'The consensus reaction to Chris Dodd\'s announcement that he was exploring a presidential bid has been barely suppressed laughter. Last week, Chris Bowers of MyDD.com wrote that the title of his blog post on the subject ("2008: Dodd to Run For President") was "not a misprint," and at The New Republic\'s blog, The Plank, Tim [...]')('2006053', 'President Bush announced his choice of Henry M. Paulson, chairman and chief executive of the Goldman Sachs Group, to succeed Treasury Secretary John Snow. The announcement, at a White House news conference, followed months of speculation that Mr. Snow was to be replaced. But it still came as a surprise for many Wall Street insiders [...]')('2006053', 'The bar at the Hyatt Regency Buffalo was bursting with bodies and buzz at 1 a.m. this morning as Democratic Party convention-goers - politicos, reporters, and a few candidates - refused to turn in for fear of being the only one to miss the gossip. The big item remained, and remains, the five-person race for [...]')('2006053', "Industrial catalyst maker Engelhard has accepted BASF's $5.1 billion all-cash buyout offer, the German chemicals group announced Tuesday morning. Engelhard will recommend that its shareholders accept BASF's $39 a share offer and withdraw its $45 per share bid for 20 percent of the company. BASF's offer will expire at midnight June 5. According to a [...]")('2006053', 'The options-backdating scandal has not exactly been good news for the beleaguered tech sector. But things could get worse, potentially a lot worse, TheStreet.com writes. In coming weeks and months, the number of companies accused of backdating options for their executives or allowing them to game the system in other, similar ways will likely continue [...]')('2006053', 'Schmoozing Wall Street is part of the job for most titans of industry. Not Steve Ballmer. The Microsoft chief executive prefers to let investors come to him - just once a year, at an event the company hosts at its Redmond, Wash., headquarters. But on Wednesday, Mr. Ballmer, whose stock has been flagging since the [...]')('2006053', "WestJet Airlines agreed on Monday to pay 15.5 million Canadian dollars ($14 million) to settle accusations of spying on an internal Web site of its bigger rival, Air Canada. The settlement, which came with an apology, brought to an end two years of litigation between Canada's two largest carriers. In spring 2004, Air Canada sued [...]")('2006053', 'Donald Watkins, the Alabama lawyer and businessman who last year engineered the acquittal of Richard Scrushy, the former chief executive of HealthSouth, was not impressed with the defense strategy of Kenneth L. Lay. Mr. Watkins said the convicted former Enron chief was a "dream client" hobbled by a fundamentally flawed approach. Months ago, before prosecutors [...]')('2006053', 'A plan to force companies to disclose salaries of high-paid employees who are not corporate officers is in jeopardy after a backlash from Hollywood, where film and TV stars often get bigger paychecks than executives. Opponents claim the measure could put media companies at a competitive disadvantage by forcing them to disclose detailed compensation packages [...]')('2006053', "A rule that lets executives sell shares in their companies according to a predetermined plan once looked like a way to stop businesspeople from trading on their access to inside information. But it hasn't worked out that way, according to a new study. Almost six years after the Securities and Exchange Commission established the rule, [...]")('2006053', 'The Club Company, the golf course operator formerly known as Clubhaus, is understood to have appointed Close Brothers as adviser to a possible 100 million pound ($187 million) sale just two years after being taken private in a 56.5 million pound deal. The company, which is backed by Legal & General Ventures, is believed to [...]')('2006053', "Advent International, the global buy-out firm, will on Tuesday announce the acquisition of Milano, Mexico's biggest discount clothes retailer, for $200 million in a deal financed with a high proportion of debt against future cashflow. The purchase, which was to be paid for with $110 million of equity and $90 million of debt, is understood [...]")('2006053', "the Taittinger family of France has teamed up with Crédit Agricole, the French bank, to bid more than 600 million euros to buy back the Taittinger champagne brand that it was forced to sell last year. Starwood Capital, the American investment firm that acquired the family's hotel and leisure empire last summer, confirmed that it [...]")('2006053', "When August Capital's David Hornik started writing about venture capital in a blog three years ago, his Internet musings were greeted with skepticism by his fellow investors. Blogs were being used with regularity by political pundits and the media, among others, but the clubby world of venture capital wasn't used to having an open dialogue [...]")('2006053', "Asuragen, the offspring of an Austin, Tex., biotech executive, Matt Winkler, just ended its first round of investment funding with $49 million. To be fair, $35 million of that came from the proceeds of the sale of Mr. Winkler's Ambion Inc. earlier this year, but the amount is still about $7 million over the company's [...]")('2006053', 'It is no secret to most entrepreneurs in Atlanta that the city has too few banks. And venture capitalists and bankers across the country have taken notice. Several major investment firms are increasing their presence in Atlanta, a city seen by many outsiders as ripe for opportunity. Among them, Boston-based investment bank Revolution Partners is [...]')('2006053', 'When the private biotechnology company Microbia closed a $75 million round of funding in February, investors sat up and took notice. Not only because the Cambridge, Mass., firm had just landed the biggest local round of biotechnology venture financing in two years, but also because a large chunk of the money came from hedge funds. [...]')('2006053', 'Sprint Nextel has officially opened a venture capital arm, with its leader based in Overland Park, Kan. The unit, Sprint Ventures, already has invested in one unnamed company and will look to complete three to five deals a year. The group plans to invest nationally but will be active in the local startup scene. "I [...]')('2006053', "The porn publishing empire formerly owned by Express newspapers owner Richard Desmond is planning to float shares on the Alternative Investment Market despite an internal dispute over the company's finances. Remnant Media, the business that bought more than 40 adult titles from Mr. Desmond in an 11 million pound ($20.7 million) deal two years ago, [...]")('2006053', "Trading in the Bank of China's placement of $9.8 billion in stock is set to begin on Thursday in Hong Kong and the issue is already getting high marks from investors. One reason, says The Telegraph, is an international frenzy for all things China. The Bank of China, the oldest and second-largest bank in the [...]")('2006053', "Shares of Thai Beverage, Thailand's largest brewer, declined as much as 1.8 percent in its first trading day on concern over the company's growth prospects. The stock, which made its opening in Singapore, was unchanged at 28 Singapore cents at 9:01 a.m. local time, after earlier falling to 27.5 cents. The Bangkok-based company's share of [...]")('2006053', "Last Friday afternoon, as many Wall Street workers were fighting traffic to get to the Hamptons or some other holiday weekend getaway, Bloomberg News reported a notable milestone. It seems that Friday's proposed deal between steel makers Arcelor and Severstal pushed year-to-date mergers and acquisitions volume past the previous record set in 2000, at least [...]")('2006053', 'Bank of New York, State Street, Mellon Financial and Northern Trust, the biggest independent custodial banks in the United States, should have been a natural fit for hedge funds. Instead, the banks let Wall Street firms including the Goldman Sachs Group step in and split annual fees of $5.5 billion from lending stock, almost as [...]')('2006053', "Using a plethora of baseball puns, columnist Allan Sloan outlines why Time Warner's sale of the Atlanta Braves to Liberty Media is a win-win situation all around. Mr. Sloan points out that the two companies would reap almost $700 million in tax savings, especially with help from new legislation: Most fans would call this long-pending [...]")('2006053', "The shipping giant FedEx moved on Friday to increase its heavy freight offerings, agreeing to buy a trucking company, Watkins Motor Lines, from Watkins Associated Industries for $780 million in cash. Watkins provides 'less-than-truckload' shipping services, the practice of consolidating loads of more than one customer into a single truck shipment. The company, based in [...]")('2006053', 'Biogen Idec, the Cambridge, Mass.-based biotechnology company that makes the multiple sclerosis drug Avonex, can spend at least $2 billion to expand in the markets for drugs that treat cancer and neurological disorders, the Sueddeutsche Zeitung reported. The company is searching for drugs or companies to buy, Hans Peter Hasler, a Biogen Idec senior vice [...]')('2006053', 'The Federal Trade Commission is extending an investigation of a $1.23 billion merger in the funeral home industry. Service Corporation International and Alderwoods Group announced Friday they are complying with a second request for information from the F.T.C. A crucial issue in the review is likely to be the amount of local competition that can [...]')('2006053', 'When BAE Systems, the British military contractor, announced last month that it was bowing out of its nearly 30-year relationship with Airbus, the split was greeted in Britain with shock, followed by nods of recognition of the kind that sometimes come when a long-married couple confide that they have grown apart. The British company, after [...]')('2006053', "Wachovia executives say the nation's fourth-largest bank is not planning to follow up its $24 billion acquisition of Golden West Financial with additional deals that are significant in size but will instead pursue small deals to supplement what it already has. But analysts take the notion that Wachovia is through with big deals with a [...]")('2006053', 'UBS\' Peter Wuffli may turn what he calls his "wide-open radar screen" toward more potential takeover targets after buying a broker in the United States, a bank in Brazilian and a futures broker in Switzerland in a two-month, $3.6-billion spending spree. The 48-year-old chief executive of Europe\'s biggest bank may tell investors on Tuesday at [...]')('2006053', "Hankyu Holdings offered 392.1 billion yen ($3.5 billion) for Hanshin Electric Railway to combine the Osaka-based rail and retail companies, challenging investor Yoshiaki Murakami's attempt to take control of Hanshin. Hanshin's market value has doubled since Mr. Murakami began buying shares in September and sought management changes to increase returns. The company owns a rail [...]")('2006053', "After installing himself at the advertising giant Havas a year ago, the French investor Vincent Bolloré started accumulating a stake in a London-based advertising firm Aegis. This month, he proposed that two handpicked nominees be added to the Aegis board, the next step in an effort to exert more control over the company's management and, [...]")('2006053', "Roman Abramovich, who doubles as Chelsea FC owner and Russia's richest oil oligarch, wants to become a steelman. Reports from Moscow yesterday said he is in talks to buy a 40 percent stake in Evraz Group, Russia's biggest steelmaker, for an estimated $3 billion. Last year he tried to persuade Alexander Abramov, who holds 59 [...]")('2006053', 'Both Merrill Lynch and Morgan Stanley are looking for a way to buy their way into mortgage lending, a business typically associated with retail banks, not Wall Street firms, Breakingviews reports. The two companies are on the lookout for smaller houses to beef up their capital-markets mortgages businesses. And Lehman Brothers, which has acquired five [...]')('2006053', "BAA, the world's biggest airport operator, rejected a sweetened 9.73 billion-pound ($18.2 billion) takeover bid from the Spanish builder Grupo Ferrovial. Ferrovial said it raised its bid to 900 pence a share for BAA, which operates Heathrow and Gatwick airports in the London area. That's 11 percent higher than a previous bid of 810 pence [...]")('2006053', 'Despite immense resistance from Russia, the largest energy group in Poland has signed a deal to buy a majority stake in a Lithuanian oil refinery from a subsidiary of Yukos, the energy giant that was bankrupted by Kremlin tax claims. The Polish company, Orlen, the biggest oil refiner in the country, agreed to pay $1.49 [...]')('2006053', 'In an effort to repel a hostile takeover bid from Mittal Steel, Arcelor agreed to sell a stake in the company to a Russian billionaire, Alexei Mordashov, but the deal could end up turning investors off instead. The deal has angered some influential shareholders, who fear that the way the deal is structured – and [...]')('2006053', "If there was a question about whether potential conflicts would prompt investment bank Goldman Sachs to lower its profile in private equity investing, here is a $22 billion answer. The firm's buyout arm has a prominent role in Monday's proposed management-led buyout of Kinder Morgan, which, if it gets done, would be the largest leveraged [...]")('2006053', 'Nelson Marans letter on May 23 article about how science and scientists are portrayed says that image of field is improving, but job opportunities are not')('2006053', 'Letter from Prof Robert J Brecha says America has lost 10 years in which to address climate change while pundits and politicians tried to persuade nation against action; says effort required now will be significantly greater, with reduced chances of achieving goal of avoiding serious damage (May 24 Gregg Easterbrook Op-Ed article)')('2006053', 'Salomeh Keyhani letter agrees that United States policies toward Iran on nuclear issues inflame Iranian nationalistic tendencies and unite Iranians; calls for US to negotiate with Iran in order to defuse international standoff (May 25 Abbas Amanat Op-Ed article)')('2006053', "Letter from Sun Day Campaign coordinator Ken Bossong lauds Gregg Easterbrook for switching sides in debate on global warming from skeptic to convert; says clear evidence of climate change has been around for at least two decades but Easterbrook's skepticism has provided cover for opponents (May 24 Op-Ed article); drawing")('2006053', "Letter from Kristen Lucken says Iranian leaders' use of identity narrative equating nuclear power with self-determination and increased international power limits nation's opportunities for real influence by creating serious global tensions (May 25 Abbas Amanat Op-Ed article)")('2006053', 'Letter from Bronx Community College president Carolyn G Williams expresses dismay at depiction of Hall of Fame for Great Americans in wider discussion of baseball and other halls of fame (May 21 article)')('2006053', 'Lisa Wallerstein letter on May 23 article about gold atom research makes humorous reference to naming new structure; drawing')('2006053', 'Film X-Men: The Last Stand hauls in $120.12 million at box office over four-day memorial Day weekend; photo (S)')('2006053', 'Dr Ann-Louise S Silver letter on May 23 article about changes in treatment of mental illness suggests that all patients should be given highest level of care even if statistics do not show that large number of patients will recover')('2006053', 'Rabbi H David Teitelbaum reply to May 17 letter from United Nations Undersecretary General Shashi Tharoor says if UN cannot interfere in affairs of country to stem tide of genocide without permission of offending country, it is worthless as peacekeeping force')('2006053', 'Risk management and security firms are providing services to companies entering dangerous regions in increasingly global economy; National Association of Security Companies executive director Joseph Ricci says industry has grown by 10 to 12 percent annually since September 11; iJet Intelligent Risk Systems sends out daily intelligence briefings on global hot spots for more than 400 clients; Kroll subsidiary of Marsh risk management firm runs travel safety and security programs for companies; photo (M)')('2006053', 'Jeff D Stein letter says American public must be educated about climate change and not leave action to small minority of elite entrepreneurs as suggested by Gregg Easterbrook (May 24 Op-Ed article)')('2006053', 'Q & A column discusses evolutionary relationship between humans, gorillas and chimpanzees; drawing (M)')('2006053', "Michael Boyajian letter agrees with Bob Herbert's grim picture for American workers (May 25 Op-Ed column)")('2006053', "TNT tops cable's rankings in prime time for week ending May 21 with NBA playoffs (S)")('2006053', "Letter from Barbara E Bergman, president of National Assn of Criminal Defense Lawyers, praising Judge Arthur L Hunter for releasing New Orleans prisoners who have no access to lawyers; agrees with district attorney's solution to get lawyers; blames Louisiana for failure, which was subject of litigation prior to Hurricane Katrina (May 23 article)")('2006053', 'Three photos of Memorial Day parades: Korean War veterans hand out flags in Bay Ridge, Brooklyn, while white parade watchers thank black Korean War veterans marching in same parade; Mayor Michael R Bloomberg with Boy Scouts at parade in Little Neck, Queens (S)')('2006053', 'Ger')('2006053', "Letter from Public Advocacy Group official Chad A Marlow says New York City Council has overlooked egregious loophole in lobbying laws that allows council members' close relatives to serve as lobbyists (May 24 article)")('2006053', 'Letter from American Enterprise Institute visiting fellow Kenneth Green says controls on greenhouse gases favored by Gregg Easterbrook have been expensive failures in practice (May 24 Op-Ed article)')('2006053', 'Jonathan Tasini introduces resolution at New York State Democratic convention calling for withdrawal of all troops from Iraq; is challenger to Sen Hillary Rodham Clinton; many delegates are opposed to war, but see resolution as possible embarrassment to Clinton because of her pro-war positions (M)')('2006053', 'Photo of Miami Heat win over Detroit Pistons in Game 4 of Eastern Conference finals')('2006053', 'Philip Barkus letter on May 23 article about gold atoms suggests names for new 16-atom cage')('2006053', "Jim Hoover letter holds Bush administration's use of contractors in Iraq is only small part of its brazen use of intimidation and smear tactics (May 24 article)")('2006053', 'New York Mets player Jose Valentin makes second start at second base against Arizona Diamondbacks (M)')('2006053', 'Anita Gates reviews PBS program Frontline: The Age of AIDS; photo (M)')('2006053', 'Stuart M Ellerstein letter on May 23 article about new gold atomic structure suggests it be called Midasphere')('2006053', 'Stan Mertzman letter on May 23 article about establishment of wildlife corridor between Yellowstone National park and Yukon suggests that hunters are as interested in conservation as anyone and do not want to see any species become extinct')('2006053', "John McIntosh letter disagrees with premise of May 25 Abbas Amanat Op-Ed article on Iran's nuclear ambitions")('2006053', 'Picture this ... June 17, 1970 ... Brazil vs. Uruguay in the semifinals of the World Cup in Mexico. If you wanted to see the game in the United States, forget about it. How quickly we forget that only until recent years have World Cup soccer games been available on American TV in English. This [...]')('2006053', "Call me a geek, but if a genie appeared before me and offered me a wish, here's what I'd wish for: detailed descriptions of at least 127 other randomly chosen planets in the galaxy, of which 63 would be home to life. This may sound greedy (wishes usually do). After all, life on earth holds [...]")('2006053', 'Because some very interesting and valid comments continue to come in on the Michael Schumacher affair in two or three posts below, I thought that I had better post some of the details from the report of the race stewards on that qualifying incident. Rather than doing it in the two or three comments areas [...]')('2006053', 'Despite our distaste for the faux-viral video as an advertising form, it has to be said that some of the skills shown off in the Nike ads - currently in heavy rotation on Fox Soccer Channel here in the U.S. and, apparently, just about everywhere else on the planet too - are pretty amazing to [...]')('2006053', 'In 2002, people in the United States who followed the World Cup did not have to worry about missing time at work because the games, played in South Korea and Japan, were on TV in the middle of the night. Millions gladly missed sleep, and then had to drag themselves out of bed and trudge [...]')('2006053', 'Reuters reports that Iran fought back from a two-goal deficit to beat Bosnia 5-2 in Tehran today. If you listen to Reuters, the match "raised serious questions about their defence." But if you get your news from the Mehr News Agency in Iran, you\'ll be reassured to know that "Bosnia & Herzegovina was bamboozled by [...]')('2006053', "Ordinarily, I don't rile easily. But I just about blew my stack trying to set up the Magellan RoadMate 300, a portable GPS unit.")('2006053', 'In a thought-provoking column published today on Times Select, our colleague Roger Cohen looks at the "Playing Field as Symbol for Global Conversation" and finds that the beautiful game, far from offering us distraction from weighty issues like "war, politics, economics and philosophy," often becomes a focus for all of these concerns. Speaking of war, [...]')('2006053', "Spain has some excellent World Cup sites, well worth exploring even if you don't speak or read Spanish. Two leading Madrid newspapers, El Mundo and El Pais, often win international awards for their graphics. El Pais's World Cup site has, among many intriguing animations, this look at the history of the Spanish national team's uniform. [...]")('2006053', "Inman News has introduced TurnHere, a Web site of video-ettes about neighborhoods and travel destinations. They've been making these films for months now, and they vary in quality, from good to great. Naturally I watched the video about my neighborhood, the Upper West Side of Manhattan. Maybe that's someone's Upper West Side story, but it [...]")('2006053', 'Investors who were betting on a sale for Extendicare got an unhappy surprise. The Canadian nursing home operator, which said in February that it would consider various alternatives for boosting its share price, unveiled a reorganization plan on Wednesday that did not include selling the company. Instead, Extendicare said it would spin off its assisted [...]')('2006053', "Redfin, the Seattle-based online real estate broker, said it won $8 million in financing from Paul Allen's Vulcan Capital venture fund and several other firms. It's the latest example of how serious amounts of money are flowing to companies that are changing the way real estate is bought and sold. Glenn Kelman, the chief executive, [...]")('2006053', "John Spencer just drew 63.48% of the Republican convention vote, making him the party's designee to challenge Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton. His rival for the Republican nomination to face Hillary, K.T. McFarland, won more than 36 percent of the vote - earning K.T. a spot to vie against John on the Sept. 12 primary ballot. [...]")('2006053', 'Canon is ceasing development in its film-camera business, joining a number of other companies who have already exited the business to focus on digital.')('2006053', "Gov. George E. Pataki wasted no time this morning going after the Democrats' pick to replace him, State Attorney General Eliot Spitzer. Speaking to reporters at a park event in Brooklyn, he pounced on opportunities to say that either John Faso or William F. Weld would make a better governor and to slam Mr. Spitzer's [...]")('2006053', 'The Times today carried an op-ed about Darfur that has all of us who have been banging the drums about the genocide there gnashing our teeth. Basically, the essay argues that the slaughter in Darfur is much more complex than it appears, that there are no good guys, and that well-meaning Westerners (like me) are [...]')('2006053', "Another week, another Enron-related verdict. The latest one is only a partial victory for prosecutors, though. A Houston jury on Wednesday found one of two former executives of Enron's defunct broadband business guilty of fraud, conspiracy and falsifying records, the Associated Press reported. The jury convicted finance chief Kevin Howard, while it acquitted former in-house [...]")('2006053', "Less than a day after it was announced, Mirant's hostile bid for NRG Energy is getting even more so. Mirant, an Atlanta-based power company, has filed a lawsuit against its unwilling target, claiming that NRG unfairly rejected its $8 billion takeover offer. The suit essentially suggests that NRG's reason for the rejection - NRG alleges [...]")('2006053', 'Bill Weld just rolled out his running mate at the Republican convention, and there were a few claims worthy of, er, scrutiny. The pick: Chris Jacobs, the boyish-looking 39-year-old from Buffalo who became New York Secretary of State, oh, 5 minutes ago. At a news conference, Jacobs credited Weld as "a key figure in creating [...]')('2006053', 'Hugs all around for Ghana after Monday\'s 4-1 victory over Jamaica in a friendly at Leicester, England - and not a moment too soon for the team\'s Serbian coach, Ratomir Dujkovic. He has been in hot water with Ghana fans for telling the German tabloid Der Bild, according to this translation, that for Ghanians "discipline [...]')('2006053', "Mike Groll for The New York Times The last day of the Democratic convention was the Hillary and Bill show, with the latter keeping mostly under the radar until he worked the crowd after his wife's acceptance speech. Senator Clinton started the day solo, addressing a breakfast meeting packed with delegates who heard her riff [...]")('2006053', 'Readers respond to Thomas L. Friedman\'s May 31 column, "A Quick Fix for Gas Addicts" Lou Ann Vogler, Chula Vista, Calif. : Bravo, Mr. Friedman! When will the American people wise up to this charade and realize that driving a hybrid is one of the most patriotic things they can do? I\'ve been driving one [...]')('2006053', 'The Carlyle Group is hoping that former fighter pilot W.W. Boisture Jr. can bring a bit of the right stuff to the giant buyout firm. Mr. Boisture, previously president of NetJets, has joined Carlyle as a senior adviser to the aerospace and defense team, the firm said Wednesday. In that role, he will help find [...]')('2006053', 'The favorite nominator of Democratic candidates? The newly minted City Council Speaker Christine Quinn, who has stood up at the party\'s Buffalo convention for Andrew Cuomo, who she called "a man with courage, passion and commitment," and Comptroller Alan Hevesi, "one of our party\'s great progressive voices," and Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton, "an inspiration to [...]')('2006053', "A trio of San Francisco-based software investment bankers are jumping to J.P. Morgan Chase from UBS, J.P. Morgan said in an internal memo on Wednesday. Those making the leap include KS Jangbahadur, UBS's global head of software, who will have the same title when he begins work at J.P. Morgan in August. Two other UBS [...]")('2006053', "Further on Zinedine Zidane, for whom this World Cup may well be his swan song. Thanks to reader John Webster for hipping us to this video of Zidane's goal for Real Madrid in its 2-1 victory over Bayer Leverkusen in the 2002 Champions League final. We remember watching it in a Spanish social club on [...]")('2006053', "If the Democratic convention had an air of bursting exuberance to it, one reason was the tight packing of boisterous delegates into the Hyatt banquet-room-turned-convention-hall in Buffalo. Arriving at the Republican convention at the Hofstra University Arena just now, a visitor from the Buffalo conclave couldn't help but be taken aback. The space is cavernous, [...]")('2006053', "Members of U.K. insurer Standard Life Assurance on Wednesday voted overwhelmingly to end 80 years of private ownership, clearing the way for a July listing on the London Stock Exchange that could raise up to 5.5 billion pounds ($9.5 billion). More than 98 percent of the company's members, or 1.5 million, voted at a special [...]")('2006053', 'For the latest crop of M.B.A. holders, here is a number to ponder: $92,360. That, according to the Graduate Management Admission Council, is the average starting base salary for business school graduates in the class of 2006 (among those who had jobs, that is). That is up 4.2 percent from last year, according to the [...]')('2006053', 'Are conservatives finally abandoning the central tenets of supply-side economics? Greg Mankiw, the Harvard economist and former chairman of the Council of Economic Advisers under President Bush, commits heresy in the pages of the Wall Street Journal, where he lets readers in on the secret that "most economists" don\'t believe that tax cuts increase tax [...]')('2006053', "Japan's surprising 2-2 draw with Germany yesterday in a World Cup tuneup match in Leverkusen - a draw the Germans had to claw back from a 2-0 deficit to achieve - gets us to wondering again: how come the Americans didn't schedule any warmup matches in Europe? If Bruce Arena and the U.S. Soccer Federation's [...]")('2006053', 'HealthSouth, which is struggling to put a massive accounting scandal behind it, may be implicated in the ever-widening controversy over the timing of stock option grants. A report Wednesday in The Wall Street Journal says that Richard Scrushy, HealthSouth\'s former chief executive, "repeatedly received stock options dated at low points in the company\'s stock price." [...]')('2006053', 'The Mercantile Bancorp said on Wednesday it had agreed to buy Royal Palm Bancorp of Florida for $44.4 million to raise its presence in areas growing faster than its traditional markets in Illinois and Missouri. Go to Article from Reuters »')('2006053', "Pinnacle Entertainment will get what's left of Harrah's Entertainment's Lake Charles casino complex in Louisiana, while Harrah's will take over what's left of Casino Magic in Biloxi, Miss., under a deal announced Wednesday. Go to Article from The Associated Press » Go to Article from Reuters » Go to News Release from Pinnacle Entertainment » [...]")('2006053', 'Genworth Financial, an insurance company based in Richmond, Va., said on Wednesday its Australian mortgage insurance subsidiary would buy Vero Lenders Mortgage Insurance in Sydney, Australia, for about $165 million before a substantial post-closing dividend. go to Article from Reuters » Go to News Release from Genworth »')('2006053', 'Even Brad DeLong likes President Bush\'s new choice for Treasury secretary. The Berkeley economist and former Clinton Treasury official writes: "Is this the beginning of the change for the Bush administration? Henry Paulson is not somebody who is going to passively watch economic policy made by political operatives in the White House. This could be [...]')('2006053', 'Call center operator West Corporation said on Wednesday it had agreed to be acquired by an investor group led by Thomas H. Lee Partners and the Quadrangle Group in a deal valuing West at $4.1 billion, including debt. Omaha, Neb.-based West said all its shareholders, excluding the founders Gary and Mary West, would receive $48.75 [...]')('2006053', 'The complex takeover maneuverings of the world\'s mining giants continued on Wednesday, when the board of Inco urged its shareholders to reject an unsolicited offer from Teck Cominco, a Canadian rival. In an agressively worded press release, the company called Teck\'s 16.5 billion Canadian dollar ($15.1 billion) takeover proposal "an opportunistic and calculated attempt to [...]')('2006053', 'A New York Observer profile of Henry Paulson opens with an old quote of his about his fondness for snakes. "I like to hold them and look at them," said Mr. Paulson, the Goldman Sachs chief executive who is now headed for a job as Treasury Secretary. The article ends with the reason for his [...]')('2006053', 'K.T. McFarland (Fred R. Conrad/The New York Times) John Spencer (Doug Benz/The New York Times) The counting of delegates continued late through the night at the Garden City Hotel, where the Republican insiders were trying to figure out how much support their candidates for Governor and Senator had in their efforts to get on the [...]')('2006053', 'Readers respond to Frank Rich\'s May 28 column, "The Cannes Landslide for Al Gore" Theresa Mullen, Madison, Ohio: I respect and like your opinion columns. Reading the first part of Sunday\'s piece, I found myself saying "yes, but " regarding Al Gore as the candidate. But you don\'t disappoint, the analysis was great. I am a [...]')('2006053', 'New York Democrats are exultant. New York Republicans are edgy. The tale of two conventions continues apace today. Overnight in Buffalo, Democratic elves festooned the Hyatt with "Hillary" posters and bunting. By 7 a.m., young and wide-smiling Clintonistas were prepping to and fro for a Friends of Hillary breakfast and awaiting the arrival of Herself [...]')('2006053', "Eurotunnel announced a long awaited debt restructuring proposal on Wednesday, backed by three international banks, and said it would go bankrupt without it. Under the deal agreed with Eurotunnel's most senior creditors and backed by Barclays, Goldman Sachs and Macquarie Bank, a new French incorporated company would be set up and listed in London and [...]")('2006053', 'The newest golf course in the Hamptons may already be No. 1 in at least one category: price. Sebonack Golf Club, which opened for limited play last weekend in Southampton, N.Y., costs $650,000 for a membership that ensures accommodations at one of 15 four-bedroom "cottages" being built around the course. It is $500,000 just for [...]')('2006053', "General Motors named the head of its profitable Asia Pacific region Tuesday to run its troubled North American operations. The company's chief executive, Rick Wagoner, who has been in charge of North America for the last year, said the company's turnaround plan was far enough along to hand off the responsibilities so he could focus [...]")('2006053', 'The broadband equipment maker ADC Telecommunications said Wednesday it would acquire a communications equipment maker, the Andrew Corporation, for about $2 billion in a stock swap that will create a company with $3.3 billion in annual sales. Go to Article from The Associated Press via The New York Times »')('2006053', 'The seven private equity groups that took SunGard Data Systems private in an $11.4 billion deal last year are likely to own the company for several more years after deciding against a recapitalization of the group. "There is no quick flip," Cristobal Conde, SunGard\'s chief executive, told FT Corporate Finance. Soon after the takeover was [...]')('2006053', 'Vonage, tarred by a disastrous initial public offering last week, is scrambling to reassure investors. The company, which provides Internet phone service, said yesterday that it would reimburse the bankers who handled the sale if any Vonage customers refused to pay for shares that were allotted to them. Some customers who participated in the "directed [...]')('2006053', 'The judge at the trial of two former executives of Enron Broadband Internet denied a request on Tuesday to question jurors about whether they had seen news reports about the convictions of former Enron chief executives Kenneth L. Lay and Jeffrey K. Skilling. Judge Vanessa Gilmore of United States District Court said the unusual move [...]')('2006053', 'Richard P. Adelson, former president of Impath, was sentenced yesterday to 3½ years in prison, fined $1.2 million and ordered to pay $50 million in restitution. Mr. Adelson, 40, was convicted in February of conspiracy, securities fraud and filing false statements with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Go to Article from The New York Times [...]')('2006053', "Aeroports de Paris, the state-owned operator of France's biggest airports, will sell as much as 1.4 billion euros ($1.8 billion) of shares in an initial public offering to build terminals and raise money for the government. The sale, France's largest in six months, will comprise 600 million euros of new shares and as much as [...]")('2006053', 'The fallout from the federal investigation into stock option manipulation spread yesterday as McAfee, the maker of antivirus software, became the latest company to dismiss an executive. In addition, shareholders sued the American Tower Corporation. McAfee dismissed its general counsel, Kent Roberts, less than two weeks after beginning an internal investigation into whether dates on [...]')('2006053', "Kim Woo Choong, whose career as the rags-to-riches founder of the Daewoo Group ended in South Korea's biggest corporate fraud scandal, was sentenced Tuesday to 10 years in prison and ordered to forfeit 21.4 trillion won ($22.5 billion). In convicting Mr. Kim on charges including accounting fraud and embezzlement, the Seoul Central District Court said [...]")('2006053', "Maybe Napster had it right. Federal antitrust investigators are reexamining the online music pioneer's long-standing claims that the major record labels improperly conspired to keep authorized downloads off the Internet, The Los Angeles Times reported. Justice Department officials are closely tracking a court fight in federal court in San Francisco between the labels and the [...]")('2006053', 'Tim Schoonmaker, in his role as head of Credit Suisse\'s European media investment team, is evaluating a 300 million pound bid for the television production house All3Media, The Times of London reported. All3Media, the company behind "Shameless," "Midsomer Murders" and "Richard and Judy" is expected to be sold or floated in a move that will [...]')('2006053', "A private equity firm in Houston, EnCap Investments, has raised a $1.5 billion fund from major institutional investors and wealthy individuals. Gary Petersen, one of EnCap's founders, calls the pool of capital the largest private equity fund ever raised specifically targeting the upstream oil and gas business. Go to Article from The Houston Chronicle »")('2006053', 'A startup cable television channel sued the cable giants Time Warner and Comcast on Tuesday in an attempt to block their planned acquisition of the bankrupt Adelphia Communications. The America Channel, which has yet to go on the air, claims in its lawsuit that the deal violates federal antitrust laws and will reduce competition in [...]')('2006053', 'Seattle-based Redfin, an online real-estate site, plans to announce today that it has raised $8 million in venture capital. Investors include Vulcan Capital, BEV Capital, The Hillman Company and Madrona Venture Group. Before this second round of funding, the company raised $755,000, mostly from Madrona. Go to Article from, The Seattle Times »')('2006053', "Three-year-old Affinity Engines has joined the crowded world of social networking with software focused squarely at university alumni groups. The company, which has signed deals with about 50 colleges, has raised $4.13 million to market its technology. Affinity Engines' hosted technology is designed to help colleges create their own branded social networks that incorporate instant [...]")('2006053', "Ambient, a Newton development stage company specializing in broadband over power lines products, reports it has closed a private placement of $10 million to investors. According to officials, Ambient intends to use the net proceeds to fund development of new products, pursue alliances with utility companies interested in Ambient's broadband-over-power-lines solutions and expand existing BPL [...]")('2006053', "Drawing the interest of some of the largest biotechnology venture capital investors, FoldRx Pharmaceuticals, a drug developer focusing on diseases like Alzheimer's and cystic fibrosis affected by protein misfolding, raised $43 million in Series B financing. New investors Texas Pacific Group Ventures and Alta Partners led the round. Both are in the market for funds [...]")('2006053', 'Ethanol producer Hawkeye Holdings may raise up to $350 million in an initial public offering, according to a regulatory filing on Tuesday. Terms have not been set for the offering expected to be underwritten by Credit Suisse, Morgan Stanley and Bank of America Securities, according to the filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Go [...]')('2006053', 'Marsh Supermarkets surged more than 20 percent after the Indianapolis-based grocery chain got a new takeover offer. The company said it received an unsolicited letter, dated May 22, from Drawbridge Special Opportunities Advisors and Cardinal Paragon in which the firms say they want to acquire Marsh for $13.625 a share. Earlier this month, Marsh agreed [...]')('2006053', "In a sign that Wall Street sees plenty more takeover traffic coming, New York-based investment dealer Lehman Brothers returned to Canada yesterday by hiring BMO Nesbitt Burns deal maker Geoff Belsher to open Toronto and Calgary offices. Mr. Belsher, who was co-head of Bank of Montreal's United States investment dealer, will move back from Chicago [...]")('2006053', "Wall Street's most prestigious investment banks are clamoring to get a piece of the next private-equity firm to float shares in a multibillion-dollar initial public offering. Apollo Management, founded by the former Drexel Burnham Lambert investment banker Leon Black, is planning a road show for its new $2.5 billion public fund this week, The New [...]")('2006053', 'In Henry Paulson, President George W. Bush chose a Treasury secretary nominee in the mold of Robert Rubin - a Wall Street heavyweight with built-in credibility in financial markets. The move is intended to add economic star power to his administration as it tries to fight its way through a thicket of political difficulties, including [...]')('2006053', 'CPI, a portrait photography company, said on Tuesday its board has begun the process of exploring strategic alternatives, which could include the sale of the company. CPI said it expects the process to take several months, and has hired the Peter J. Solomon company as an adviser. It said it does not intend to disclose [...]')('2006053', "The mining industry, in the middle of a merger boom, was rife with speculation on Tuesday that rivals are weighing a bid of at least 20 billion Canadian dollars for Alcan, the world's second-largest aluminum producer. Rio Tinto and BHP Billiton, the two largest mining companies in the world, are both eyeing Alcan, although neither [...]")('2006053', 'Aleksei Mordashov, the chief executive of the Russian steel company Severstal, said Tuesday that he was baffled that his 13 billion euro ($16.5 billion) deal with the steel giant Arcelor had set off such a stir. The deal, an exchange of company stakes devised in part to fend off a hostile takeover attempt by Mittal [...]')('2006053', 'Financial services company E*Trade Financial is planning to buy Retirement Advisors of America, a Dallas-based investment advisory firm that manages more than $1 billion in assets. New York-based E*Trade said Tuesday that the deal is expected to add slightly to its earnings per share in 2006, with about $9.3 million in annualized revenue in fiscal [...]')('2006053', "Several hedge funds continue to oppose Micron's acquisition of Lexar Media, and recently told the companies that they plan to vote against the merger when shareholders vote on the matter Friday. In a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission on Tuesday, fund partners Elliot Associates and Elliot International, which together own 7.5 percent of [...]")('2006053', "Dexia, the third-biggest bank in Belgium, agreed to buy 75 percent of Turkish lender DenizBank for about $2.44 billion to expand in an economy that's growing faster than its home market. Dexia's chief executive, Axel Miller, who took over in January, has been selling assets and seeking to expand abroad through acquisitions and joint ventures. [...]")('2006053', "Kinder Morgan shareholders should not expect a bidding war to break out after Monday's news of a planned management buyout, but they may well see an offer above the $100 per share now on the table, according to analysts. With 18 percent of the stock in the hands of the chairman and chief executive, Richard [...]")('2006053', 'The Mirant Corporation, a power company that recently emerged from bankruptcy protection, said Tuesday that it had made an unsolicited bid to buy NRG Energy for $7.8 billion. The announcement comes a week after NRG rejected a Mirant offer and declined to enter takeover discussions. Coming one day after a group including Goldman Sachs and [...]')('2006053', 'With Hank Paulson headed to Washington to become the next Treasury Secretary, the heavy buzz on Wall Street is that Goldman Sachs president Lloyd Blankfein will land the job as the next leader of the storied securities firm. Though many analysts said they expect a fairly smooth transition, it is also clear that Mr. Blankfein [...]')('2006053', 'In this lesson, students learn about the production of "Passages of Martin Luther King Jr." at the National Theater in China, and the ways in which the words of Dr. King have impacted the Chinese people and government. They then examine cases of discrimination around the world and respond to Dr. King\'s famous 1963 "I Have a Dream" speech from the perspective of these marginalized populations.')('2006053', 'Gilileo sidewalk kiosk on Upper West Side serves light meals; Penzeys Spices opens stall in Grand Central Market; bakery Financier opens new location in financial district; photos (S)')('2006053', 'Rob Goldberg letter disagrees with May 26 Charles Passy Op-Ed article on Geography Bee; says learning should be part of everyday curriculum rather than preparation for one-day event')('2006053', 'Richard Drachtman letter calls elimination of petite sections shortsighted; says men who shop with their petite wives will make fewer trips to department stores, thereby spending less money on their own clothing (May 28 article)')('2006053', 'Correction; May 17 article about dry-cured sausages misstated some federal inspection requirements')('2006053', "Lawyers for WWPR-FM disc jockey Troi Torain ask Manhattan court to dismiss charges stemming from Torain's on-air threat to rival disc jockey that Torain would sexually abuse rival's 4-year-old daughter; say comments came from on-air rivalry and were not a crime; photo (S)")('2006053', "Armenian Ambassador Tatoul Markarian reply to May 24 letter contends Turkey must reconcile its own history, remove taboos and stop persecuting authors who address events surrounding 1915 Armenian genocide; says only then will scholars be able to examine rich historical record; says Turkey's denialist policy forces growing number of nations to intervene and express their positions")('2006053', 'Fire forces evacuation of Bronx apartment building (S)')('2006053', 'Ernesto Gomez letter calls for accountability for mistakes that led to so many deaths in Iraq (May 29 Owen West Op-Ed article)')('2006053', 'Appellate Division of New York State Supreme Court agrees to hear appeal by Martin H Tankleff of his 1988 murder conviction in slaying of his parents in Belle Terre, NY; appeal is based on new evidence (S)')('2006053', "Photo of Ming vase sold at Christie's in Hong Kong to Las Vegas resort owner Steve Wynn for $10.1 million, record for Ming porcelain")('2006053', 'Richard Murphy letter scores Owen West for saying troops are frustrated by lack of cohesion; says disagreement over war and direction of American foreign policy is American way (May 29 Op-Ed article)')('2006053', 'Michael Farzan letter says US government is responsible for thousands of deaths, not just those at Haditha (May 29 article)')('2006053', "IBM says it has tripled back-office operations in India in last two years to 20,000 employees; is India's largest multinational employer with 43,000 employees (S)")('2006053', 'Nancy B Alisberg letter calls for stores that have eliminated petite sections to reduce prices of regular clothing in amount proportionate to necessary tailoring for women who require petite sizes (May 28 article)')('2006053', 'Photo of New York Mets prospect Lastings Milledge, who was called up for Major League debuts')('2006053', "Photo of Phoenix Suns' win over Dallas Mavericks in Game 4 of Western Conference finals0")('2006053', 'Chinatown Brasserie dim sum restaurant is set to open in Greenwich Village; photo (S)')('2006053', 'Ariel Menendez is convicted of raping and murdering former girlfriend Elizabeth Butler in Croton Falls, NY (S)')('2006053', 'Robert A diCurcio letter agrees with May 27 Maureen Dowd Op-Ed column about war in Iraq; says world is watching as America loses its reputation; calls for troops to be removed immediately')('2006053', "Pitcher Roger Clemens's future is still undecided, but he is expected to re-sign with Houston Astros (M)")('2006053', 'K C Lopata letter says American troops are seen as occupying force by Iraqis; says it is vital to fix that image (May 29 article)')('2006053', 'New York City school system top testing official Lori Mei will resign at end of school year; will be succeeded by deputy Jennifer K Bell-Elwanger (S)')('2006053', 'Conway Leovy letter comments on Owen West May 29 Op-Ed article about troop frustration with Iraq war')('2006053', "Consolidated Edison blames improper wiring of streetlight in incident that resulted in burning of 4-year-old child's feet in Staten Island, NY; says wiring has been repaired (S)")('2006053', "Edwin Andrews letter says British academics' call for boycott of Israeli academics is unfair and one-sided; cites instances in other countries that should engender similar actions but do not (May 30 article)")('2006053', 'Profiles of chefs Frank Castronovo and Frank Falcinelli, owners of Frankies Spuntino; both are low-key and not as prone to panic as many other chefs, as many of their dishes are cooked well ahead of dinner rush and are assembled to order or served at room temperature; recipes; photos (M)')('2006053', 'NBC is No 1 in ratings for Monday night with shows Deal or No Deal and The Apprentice (S)')('2006053', 'Montessori International School of New York director Lina Sinha is charged in Manhattan with sexually abusing two former students and bribing a student not to testify before grand jury; Sinha is on leave from school (S)')('2006053', 'Grilled lamb with rosemary is suggested to be paired with Spanish red wines made from Mencia grape; recipe (M)')('2006053', 'Mark Bittman column offers recipe that uses Thai sticky rice as basis for fruity dessert (M)')('2006053', 'Hyla Melnick letter scores decision by many stores to eliminate petite clothing sections (May 28 article)')('2006053', 'Robin Rubin letter calls upon stores to carry clothing designed realistically for both men and women (May 28 article)')('2006053', 'Heala S Schwartzberg letter comments on May 25 article on controversy over television for preschoolers and infants; says experts need to understand reality of day-to-day parenting')('2006053', 'General Electric is projecting $8 billion in revenue in India by 2010, up from year-earlier forecast of $5 billion; chief executive Jeffrey R Immelt comments (S)')('2006053', "Veronica Balassone letter blames designers for elimination of petite departments, saying their focus on 'career wear' does not provide sufficient choice of styles (May 28 article); drawing")('2006053', 'Americans have discovered pleasures and benefits of eating fish, but may be confused about which seafood to eat; consumers are often faced with choices about fish that are threatened by overfishing; organization Environmental Defense focuses on concerns about hazards to humans from contaminants and harm to fish from industrial harvesting; list of fish it is safe to eat; photo (M)')('2006053', 'Malaysia says it is in talks with Walt Disney Company and Oriental Land for plans to build tourist theme park in Johor; Disney says no commitment has been made (M)')('2006053', 'Daniel Wolf letter says British call for academic boycott of Israel is hypocritical and intellectually dishonest (May 30 article)')