('2006110', "A new apartment building in the Bronx - the subject of an article on Thursday - was built for families whose primary caregiver has H.I.V. The interiors were designed to be the antithesis of dreary hospital decor, and were decorated in part by editors of Domino, the design magazine. To what extent does one's home [...]")('2006110', 'The results of the latest NYT/CBS poll.')('2006110', 'A botched joke turned into a second day story today as Democrats fighting for re-election responded to the "John Kerry-insulted-our-troops saga."')('2006110', 'Senator John Kerry issues a formal apology.')('2006110', 'A lot of blogs are linking to this attack ad on State Comptroller Alan G. Hevesi by the G.O.P. [Capitol Confidential.] But has anybody actually seen it on TV? [The Daily Politics.] Huh. So now we can blame Hevesi for terrorism too? [Urban Elephants.] A plea for perspective: The Wonkster at Gotham Gazette asks, "Is [...]')('2006110', 'New ads in the Tennessee senate race.')('2006110', "Is Time Warner still attached to AOL? That was the gist of a question that Credit Suisse analyst William Drewry threw to the media giant's top executives in Wednesday's earnings conference call. The query was partly inspired by recent comments from AOL chief executive Jonathan Miller to a British newspaper, in which he suggested that [...]")('2006110', "Here's the last of our mini-profiles of third-party candidates for New York State comptroller. [Earlier: Willie Cotton, Socialist Workers Party; John J. Cain, Libertarian Party.] Julia Willebrand is the Green Party candidate. Ms. Willebrand has been involved with the Greens for about a dozen years. As she tells it, she grew up poor, one of [...]")('2006110', 'Under the this-is-interesting file, the Spitzer-Paterson campaign contributed $250,000 to the small but influential Working Families Party Wednesday afternoon. The party has endorsed Spitzer-Paterson and mostly Democrats, but has also come out in support of four Republican Senators in their re-election bids - Joseph E. Robach, John DeFrancisco, Dale M. Volker and George D. Maziarz. [...]')('2006110', 'CVS and Caremark Rx said Wednesday afternoon that they agreed to combine in what they described as a "merger of equals," creating a company with about $75 billion in annual revenue. As is typical in such deals, though, one company emerged as the de facto buyer: CVS\'s shareholders would end up owning a slight majority [...]')('2006110', "Here's the second of our mini-profiles of third-party candidates for New York State comptroller. [Earlier: Willie Cotton, Socialist Workers Party.] John J. Cain is the Libertarian Party candidate. Mr. Cain has a master's degree, works in the insurance industry and lives in Congers, Rockland County. Strange but true: When he served on the Clarkstown Planning [...]")('2006110', 'Speed up your Web surfing with a five-minute, free tweak. Pogue loves it.')('2006110', 'Cenveo did not just walk away from its offer to buy commercial printer Banta – it stormed off. In a press release late Tuesday, Cenveo chief executive Robert Burton Sr. was startlingly blunt about his displeasure with how Banta handed its unsolicited takeover bid, which eventually climbed to $50 per share. "Your entrenchment and lack [...]')('2006110', "The Senate Republicans get-out-the-cash drive continues apace. This morning, we reported that they raised $720,000 since the beginning of the 24-hour filing period began last week, far outdistancing the Democrats. By lunchtime today, more than $250,000 had been added to that. The day's biggest donor to the New York State Senate Republican Campaign Committee's war [...]")('2006110', 'DealBook has previously reported on plans by the creator of HBO\'s "Entourage" series to launch a new cable show that chronicles the life of a hedge-fund manager. Now comes yet another example of the rise (and possible fall) of hedge-fund chic. It seems that Kenneth Cole has a model of shoe called the "Hedge Fund." [...]')('2006110', 'Readers respond to Thomas L. Friedman\'s Nov. 1 column, "The Taxi Driver." Matt Kollasch, Warsaw, Poland: Yes, technology is invasive, and your points are excellent. Technology use is also a matter of good and poor manners. Your Paris taxi driver was simply rude not to hang up the phone. Friends who field phone calls while [...]')('2006110', 'Ok folks, the tone in the Virginia Senate race has officially dropped to the floor.')('2006110', "Although Ned Lamont's campaign is quietly hoping the G.O.P. candidate Alan Schlesinger pulls in his share of votes next week, the campaign unveiled a group of Republicans for Lamont today, who will run ads in Connecticut newspapers supporting his candidacy. Ned Lamont at a campaign stop in July. (Douglas Healey for The New York Times) [...]")('2006110', "PE Week Wire on Wednesday noted that giant pension fund CalPERS has released new quarterly data on its private equity returns, offerings a peek into how often-secretive buyout firms are doing. The latest data on CalPERS's private-equity investments shows that as of June 30, a 2001 fund called T3 Partners II, which is affiliated with [...]")('2006110', "In 2002, Alan Hevesi beat John Faso for state comptroller by just 3 percentage points, partly by highlighting Mr. Faso's conservative stances on social issues that are mostly ancillary to the comptroller's job, like abortion rights or gun control. Now, as Mr. Hevesi fights for his political life, his campaign is returning to the theme. [...]")('2006110', "Don't want to cast a vote for a Democratic comptroller under an ethics cloud? Not impressed with the Republican alternative? Perplexed New York voters have three other choices: a Libertarian, a Green, and a Socialist Worker. Today the Empire Zone offers up mini-profiles of each. We invite them or their supporters to expand on their [...]")('2006110', '')('2006110', 'A flood of commentary on the poorly chosen words of John Kerry.')('2006110', "Communal dining at Boqueria. (Hiroko Masuike for The New York Times) During one of my meals at Boqueria, which I review in today's Dining section, I made a point of sitting at the communal table. It occupies enough space in the center of Boqueria's dining room that it seemed like an essential part of the [...]")('2006110', "(Tim Roske/Associated Press) John Milgrim of Ottaway News Service writes up Eliot Spitzer's meeting with the Times Herald-Record's editorial board. Among the highlights: Mr. Spitzer spoke about trying to expand the school year and said he would like to see a casino or two in the Catskills. And, to trim health-care costs, he spoke about [...]")('2006110', 'Don Imus to Senator Kerry: Please Stop It. Stop Talking. Go Home. Get on the bike. Go windsurfing. Anything.')('2006110', 'In March, BusinessWeek.com caused a stir when it reported that Mark Zuckerberg, the chief executive of Facebook, hoped to sell the social networking site for as much as $2 billion. The notion drew skepticism from many quarters - though the laughter has grown quieter ever since Google agreed to buy YouTube for $1.65 billion. Mr. [...]')('2006110', 'A couple of fascinating ratings changes have been made in the last 24 hours.')('2006110', 'Another article on earmarks looks at the relationship between a Nevada politician and a home-state company.')('2006110', 'The role of race in key races was on the minds of political reporters around the country today.')('2006110', 'In an effort to capitalize on unwelcome downtime between connecting flights, hotels and travel companies are selling what they call layover tours and stopover packages. How do you spend your time during layovers? Back to Article')('2006110', 'With polls nail-bitingly close, one possible result is that the Senate will divide 50-50 between the two parties. For a hint of how that may work, consider the only time that has happened, for six months in 2001 (before James M. Jeffords, then a Vermont Republican, became an independent to caucus with the Democrats), when [...]')('2006110', 'Six days to go til Election Day, and there are at least three news-making thunderbolts on the morning horizon. 1. Iraq remains a small/modest/major factor for so many voters in this region, it is hard to predict how the latest Kerry-Bush warfare will play. Will it inspire Republicans and take the onus off of the [...]')('2006110', 'Democrats are in a New York state of mind, looking for several major pickups there.')('2006110', "This year, open seats have become dangerous territory for Republicans. Only months ago, Scott Kleeb, left, a 31-year-old cattle rancher who is running in Nebraska's Third Congressional District, where voters have not sent a Democrat to the House since 1958, could barely get an audience with Democratic leaders. This week, after a poll showed Mr. [...]")('2006110', "Max Linn, the Reform Party candidate who rattled an otherwise boring race with his confrontational, last-minute debate appearance Monday night, looks like he'll impact the results, but it's not clear how.")('2006110', 'After making news by focusing spending on four states, the G.O.P. will spend more in support of Senators Conrad Burns of Montana and Lincoln Chafee of Rhode Island.')('2006110', 'Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton continued building up her foreign policy creds with a speech to the Council on Foreign Relations, calling for an internationalist approach and tough love for the Iraqi government.')('2006110', 'Wall Street turned more bullish about the pharmacy benefits management business on Wednesday, sending shares of Medco Health Solutions and Express Scripts sharply higher in early trading. The likely reason? Caremark Rx, the largest pharamacy benefits manager in the United States, confirmed that it was in discussions with drugstore chain CVS. Though CVS and Caremark [...]')('2006110', "Republicans' efforts to distance themselves from President Bush on Iraq are picking up.")('2006110', '"North Korea\'s decision to return to the \'six party\' negotiations on its nuclear program is, first and foremost, a victory for China and its strategy of preserving Kim Jong Il\'s totalitarian regime," an editorial in The Washington Post argues. "Whether it will contribute to the cause of dismantling the North\'s atomic arsenal remains to be [...]')('2006110', "Joseph I. Lieberman (Brian Snyder/Reuters); Ned Lamont (Mike Segar/Reuters) With less than a week to go until Election Day, the latest poll by Quinnipiac University shows Ned Lamont, the Democratic nominee, narrowing the gap with Senator Joe Lieberman to 12 percentage points. Joe now has 49 percent to Ned's 37. The Republican nominee, Alan Schlesinger, [...]")('2006110', "The French publishers union, Le Syndicat National de l'Edition, has joined book publisher Le Martiniere Groupe in its copyright suit against Google. The S.N.E. said in a statement that Google Book Search gives unauthorized access to multiple extracts of works, violating copyright laws. Go to Article from CNET News.com »")('2006110', 'The music publishing industry reached a tentative deal with operators of Kazaa, the file-sharing network, over claims of copyright infringement, an industry group said. Kazaa agreed to pay publishers pursuing a class-action suit against the peer-to-peer network "a substantial sum", the National Music Publishers\' Association said in a statement. Go to Article from The Associated [...]')('2006110', "Enron struck a deal to collect $250,000 on a life insurance policy covering its founder, Kenneth L. Lay, who died just weeks after he was convicted of fraud charges related to the company's collapse. Go to Article from The Houston Chronicle »")('2006110', 'A slowdown in completed deals weighed on Lazard in the third quarter, as the boutique investment bank reported a 32 percent year-over-year decline in adjusted net income during the three months ended Sept. 30. Lazard said early Wednesday that its net income, after certain adjustments, was $35 million in the latest quarter, down from $51.7 [...]')('2006110', "Research In Motion, the maker of the BlackBerry device, has filed a British patent lawsuit against Visto, pushing the companies' intellectual property dispute into Europe. R.I.M. and Visto have been locking legal horns for some time - in the United States. In May, Visto, a software company, filed suit to shut down the ubiquitous BlackBerry [...]")('2006110', "The chief financial officer of water cooler company Aquacell Technologies pleaded guilty on Tuesday to concealing material information about the company's $6 million initial public offering from its accountants. Gary Wolff faces a maximum sentence of 10 years in prison and a fine of $1 million for lying to auditors about loaning a potential investor [...]")('2006110', "In a move that surprised Canada's stock markets, the Canadian government announced late Tuesday that it would tax income trusts. Companies with market values totaling about C$70 billion ($61.7 billion) have changed from conventional stock structures to trusts this year. Once transformed, companies largely avoid corporate taxes by paying out most of their profits directly [...]")('2006110', 'Thumbplay, an online retailer of mobile entertainment content, said this week that it secured $15 million in new capital. The New York-based company said financing included a $10 million third round led by Bain Capital Ventures and a $5 million line of credit with SVB Silicon Valley Bank. Go to Article from Silicon Valley/San Jose [...]')('2006110', 'The Securities and Exchange Commission is ready to bring charges claiming a major New York hedge fund and several of its principals violated key short-selling rules, according to press reports. Sandell Asset Management, a $7 billion hedge fund in the midst of another excellent year, was informed on Oct. 19 that the S.E.C. "intends to [...]')('2006110', "Despite Gallic disdain for radical change and bare-knuckled money-making, as well as a market that is one of the Continent's most regulated, France has become the third most active market in the world for private equity deals, behind the United States and Britain. Admittedly, France is far behind the front runner. With $163.5 billion in [...]")('2006110', 'Korean prosecutors said on Tuesday that they were seeking a warrant to arrest the head of the local unit of Lone Star Funds, the American private equity group, on charges of stock price manipulation. Prosecutors have filed a request asking a Seoul court to issue the warrant for Paul Yoo, head of Lone Star Advisors [...]')('2006110', "Private equity firms Carlyle Group and Unison Capital led a $774 million management buyout of chip wafer maker Toshiba Ceramics, making it Japan's second largest buyout this year. Parent Toshiba, Japan's No. 2 electronics conglomerate after Hitachi, agreed to sell its 40.4 percent stake in the wafer maker to a special-purpose vehicle sent up by [...]")('2006110', 'For several years now, investment funds and other deep-pocketed investors have been quietly buying large apartment buildings, or portfolios of smaller buildings, with a substantial proportion of rent-regulated units – not just in Manhattan but also in Brooklyn, Queens and the Bronx. Recent examples include Stuyvesant Town and Peter Cooper Village, a complex of 110 [...]')('2006110', 'The New York Stock Exchange plans to close one of the five rooms on its trading floor over the next 18 months, shrinking that space for the first time in more than a century as more shares change hands electronically. The room being shut occupies 10,000 square feet at 30 Broad Street in downtown Manhattan [...]')('2006110', "Russian companies looking to raise 2.5 billion pounds ($4.8 billion) on the London Stock Exchange by the end of this year, delighting some investors but renewing fears that the reputation of the City, London's financial district, could be hit by a scandal, The Guardian says. For example, Severstal, Russia's biggest steel company, is aiming to [...]")('2006110', 'Shares in Cenkos Securities, the U.K. brokerage firm set up by London veteran Andy Stewart, soared by more than 40 percent on its first day of trading yesterday, valuing the company at 150 million pounds ($286 million). Mr. Stewart, one of the founders of British broker Collins Stewart, saw his 23.54 percent share in Cenkos [...]')('2006110', 'The New York Mercantile Exchange said Tuesday that it expects to issue 6 million shares as part of its plan to raise $358.8 million. The issue does not include an additional 900,000 shares available as an overallotment to brokers. The commodities exchange is set to go public at as much as $52 a share, according [...]')('2006110', "Deutsche Bank, Germany's biggest bank, said third-quarter profit rose 25 percent as gains from an insurance settlement and the sale of shares in Linde Group outweighed a slump in earnings at the investment bank. Net income climbed to 1.24 billion euros ($1.58 billion), or 2.45 euros a share, from 991 million euros, or 1.89 euros, [...]")('2006110', "Morgan Stanley's announcement Tuesday of a deal to buy hedge fund manager FrontPoint Partners, brought to an end a fitful courtship that spanned more than a year. The New York Times reports that Morgan Stanley chief John J. Mack originally saw the deal as a way to give one of FrontPoint's founders, Philip N. Duff, [...]")('2006110', "One of New Jersey's oldest and largest firms, Pitney Hardin, is merging with Connecticut's biggest, Day, Berry & Howard, to create a 395-lawyer power with branches ranging from Boston to Washington. In the deal to create Day Pitney, the two firms are looking to break out of their regional boundaries. Go to Article from The [...]")('2006110', 'Iconix Brand Group has bought the Ocean Pacific brand from the Warnaco Group for $54 million. Warnaco bought Op, a leading global action-sports lifestyle brand that is more than 35 years old, in August 2004 for $40 million.. As part of the deal, Warnaco will be granted a license from Iconix to continue to manufacture [...]')('2006110', "The U.S. Department of Justice said Tuesday that it is prepared to allow Entercom Communications's buy of four Rochester, N.Y. radio stations from CBS as long as Entercom sells three stations in that market. In August, Bala Cynwyd, Penn.-based Entercom agreed to pick up CBS 16 stations in Cincinnati and Memphis as well as Austin, [...]")('2006110', 'The Air America radio network may get a new owner by Thanksgiving, according to The New York Post. Court documents approved yesterday in federal bankruptcy court in Manhattan say the liberal talk and news radio network must have a signed deal with the mystery buyer in place by Nov. 22 to keep from being in [...]')('2006110', "Polish government said Tuesday that it would stand fully behind plans by PKN Orlen, one of the country's largest energy groups, to buy a strategically important oil refinery in neighboring Lithuania in what analysts said had become a battle of wills between Russia on one side and the Polish and Lithuanian governments on the other. [...]")('2006110', "Dubai Ports World, recently rebuffed in an attempt to manage six U.S. ports, is considering acquiring terminals in Halifax as an alternative in North America, says a Canadian senator. The Globe and Mail reported that Wilfred Moore, a Nova Scotian senator who visited the United Arab Emirates company in September, said the firm's executives are [...]")('2006110', "The line of newspapers headed for the block just keeps getting longer. In the latest example, the Copley Press, parent company of The San Diego Union-Tribune, said Tuesday that it was exploring possible sales, mergers or other alternatives for its seven newspapers in Ohio and Illinois. Copley's Illinois newspapers are published in Springfield, Lincoln, Peoria [...]")('2006110', 'Watson Pharmaceuticals $1.9 billion deal to acquire Andrx received U.S. antitrust approval Tuesday after the companies agreed to conditions aimed at preserving competition for some drugs. The Federal Trade Commission gave the green light to deal that will make Watson the third-largest U.S. generic pharmaceutical company. Go to Article Reuters via CNN Money »')('2006110', 'Mario Draghi, the governor of the Italian central bank, said Tuesday that he expected to see a new wave of consolidation in the national banking sector before long. "Significant new tie-ups are taking shape," he told a conference on household savings, adding that he expected announcements in the coming days. Mr. Draghi has created more [...]')('2006110', 'NovaGold Resources urged shareholders to reject Barrick Gold\'s sweetened $1.7 billion takeover bid, saying the hostile offer by the senior gold producer is "simply not good enough," The Globe and Mail reported. "Either offer NovaGold shareholders full and fair value for their investment, or withdraw the offer so NovaGold can get on with its business [...]')('2006110', "R. R. Donnelley & Sons, the printer of Sports Illustrated magazine, agreed yesterday to acquire Banta for about $1.3 billion in cash to gain sales to publishing, catalog and direct-marketing customers. R.R. Donnelley is offering $36.50 per share for the printing firm. The move follows in the wake of failed suitor Cenveo's withdrawal of its [...]")('2006110', "Germany's Linde said Tuesday that it prefers to sell rather than list its Kion forklift division, using the proceeds to partially finance its 8.2 billion pound ($15.6 billion) purchase of British rival BOC Group. The deal, announced last summer, makes Linde the world's biggest gas company. Analysts expect Kion will bring in between 3 billion [...]")('2006110', 'A string of multibillion dollar leveraged buyouts including the $5.4 billion deal for Stuyvesant Town helped make last month the biggest October ever for global mergers. The volume of announced deals hit a record 2,640 totaling $331 billion last month, according to data provider Thomson Financial. Go to Article from The New York Post »')('2006110', "Comcast is reportedly nearing a deal to buy Walt Disney's 39.5 percent stake in E! Entertainment Television for about $1.2 billion. According to The Los Angeles Times, Disney is closing in on multiyear deals to continue to supply billions of dollars worth of content to the two largest U.S. cable operators, Comcast and Time Warner [...]")('2006110', "First-round bids are in for the 18 publications it put up for auction in September by Time Inc., and according to The Daily Deal, seven to 10 suitors are still competing for the publisher's Time4 Media and Parenting. The next step: Time invites first-round survivors, who were just informed of making the cut, into an [...]")('2006110', "A day after EMI Group Chairman Martin N. Bandier said he would retire earlier than planned, a report surfaced that rival Warner Music Group may give Mr. Bandier a job. The Times of London reported that Mr. Bandier may be offered an equivalent job at Warner, prompting speculation that Warner's Edgar Bronfman may make another [...]")('2006110', "(Written by Benjamin Hoffman, John Woods, Naila-Jean Meyers and Andrew Das) Huard May Be Too Good to Pass Over Herm Edwards is a firm believer that a player does not lose his starting job to injury, but in the case of quarterback Trent Green he may want to make an exception. In Green's stead, Damon [...]")('2006110', "Charles River Ventures, one of the nation's oldest venture capital firms, has come up with an unusual program to attract promising entrepreneurs: It will offer loans of up to $250,000 to help them turn their ideas into fledgling businesses. Doling out small loans is an unconventional strategy for a 36-year-old venture firm that has about [...]")('2006110', 'The online gambling industry is undergoing a seismic shift just weeks after a new law cut off much of the business in the United States. Big public companies have lost billions of dollars in market value and millions of customers as they shut their United States Web sites for sports betting, poker and other games [...]')('2006110', "A former executive of McAfee, the antiviral software maker, agreed to pay about $757,000 to settle charges that he played a role in the company's $622 million accounting fraud, the Securities and Exchange Commission said Tuesday. The S.E.C. charged in a civil lawsuit filed Monday in federal court in San Francisco that the company's former [...]")('2006110', "CVS, the second-biggest drugstore chain in the country, is in advanced talks to acquire Caremark Rx, the leading pharmacy benefits manager, for more than $21 billion, people close to the negotiations told The New York Times on Tuesday. The transaction would transform CVS from being primarily a retailer to becoming the nation's preeminent manager of [...]")('2006110', "Ever since Sumner Redstone took Hollywood by surprise this summer by banishing a star and then a protege from his Viacom kingdom, the media's chattering class has wondered what Mr. Redstone was thinking. Some suggested that, faced with the prospect of fading into the background, the 83-year-old mogul was moving, somewhat desperately, to reassert his [...]")('2006110', '')('2006110', 'In this lesson, students learn about the post-election violence in Congo, and the increasing division between the eastern and western regions of the country. They then research, write, and produce a radio news feature on these elections.')('2006110', 'Nike and Adidas are using sensors and other technology to change notions of high-performance footwear; systems integrate with running apparel to gather data about running performance; series of drawings illustrate how devices work; photos (M)')('2006110', 'Tom Schleff letter comments on Oct 29 Richard Dooling Op-Ed article about relocating from New York to Omaha, Neb')('2006110', 'COrrection of London Journal Oct 31, about irritation with Halloween; Guy Fawkes was English, not Irish')('2006110', 'Correction; Oct 25 article about salad dressings noted wrong ingredient in one recipe')('2006110', 'Correction of News Summary Oct 28; St Louis defeated Detroit Tigers to win World Series')('2006110', "Alisa Barry's Bella Cucina Artful Food sells Mediterranean condiments, seasonings and other foods at stand in Grand Central Market; photo (S)")('2006110', "Five letters comment on articles about Iraq; Helen Crary, prompted by Oct 30 front-page photograph, expresses gratitude that her daughter's fiance returned recently from Iraq unharmed; Michael Elfenbein comments on photograph of family members at funeral for soldier who died in Iraq; Peter Armstrong calls for end to war; Dorian de Wind, prompted by Oct 31 editorial, says it would be disastrous if weapons provided to Iraqi military are turned against US troops; Michael Boyajian, commenting on Oct 31 article, abhors image of Pres Bush smiling and campaigning while soldiers are dying")('2006110', 'New York Knicks player Jared Jeffries undergoes surgery on broken wrist (M)')('2006110', 'Correction; Oct 25 article about former White House chef Walter Scheib III misstated title of book and misspelled name of co-author; it is White House Chef, not The White House Chef and co-author is Andrew Friedman, not Freidman; article also misstated word in excerpt')('2006110', 'Correction of map with Oct 27 article about 2007 Tour de France; stage in western France is Angouleme')('2006110', 'Six letters comment on articles about global warming; Bob Rosenbluth, prompted by Oct 30 article, finds it startling that global warming is not among issues that concern voters most, but says it will have huge impact on next generation; Eve Winer calls upon citizens to change behavior rather than waiting for government to take action; Bruce J Bloom contends oil drives American foreign policy and that it will not change until people find efficient ways to use less; John V Kjellman says public discourse must focus on rising oceans; Brian F Keane, president of SmartPower, says stoking demand for clean energy will develop fertile markets that will inspire companies to capitalize on opportunity; David Schwartz, prompted by Oct 31 Nicholas D Kristof Op-Ed column, says developing alternative energy sources will reduce need for American presence in Middle East; drawing')('2006110', 'Time-lapse photo of full moon in New York City')('2006110', "Correction of Oct 28 article about Lithuania's dispute with Russia over oil; Vice Pres Cheney commented that oil and gas can be 'tools of intimidation or blackmail'; error also appeared in articles last May 6, May 14, June 29 and July 15")('2006110', 'Republican Party holds overall fund-raising advantage this election cycle, but Democrats have far outpaced Republicans in their respective Senate committees, by tally of $104 million to $78 million; photos of some Republicans with sizable campaign war chests--and no competitive contests of their own--who are being pressured to send cash to party committee to give their colleagues last-minute boost (S)')('2006110', 'Photo of flowers sold in Mexico City for Day of the Dead')('2006110', 'Photo of New Jersey Nets players Vince Carter, Richard Jefferson and Jason Kidd')('2006110', 'White truffles from Italy are coming to market; prices and availability in New York markets noted; photo (S)')('2006110', 'Voting for open Latin American seat on United Nations Security Council resumes and impasse over choice of Venezuela or Guatemala continues; Dominican Republic emerges as possible compromise candidate (S)')('2006110', "Correction of Oct 27 article about intelligence assessment on North Korea; panel convened by CIA in 1997 did not predict collapse of Kim Jong-il's regime within five years; report said North could not reverse economic fortunes without sweeping reform that would take time to produce results and could unleash destabilizing forces")('2006110', 'New Jersey Nets players Jason Kidd, Richard Jefferson and Vince Carter prepare for season opener; photo (M)')('2006110', "Classified briefing prepared two weeks ago for US Central Command portrays Iraq as edging toward chaos; color-coded 'Index of Civil Conflict' runs from green for peace to red for chaos, and shows sharp escalation of sectarian violence since last February, placing current situation almost to red zone at end; chart photo; index takes account of factors like ineffectual Iraqi police and dwindling influence of moderates; other variables include 'hostile rhetoric,' assassinations and sectarian attacks; analysis was prepared by intelligence unit under Brig Gen John M Custer just before Gen John Abizaid met in Washington with Pres Bush and other leaders (M)")('2006110', "Correction of Oct 31 article about Whitney Museum's revised expansion proposal; recent excavation at Morgan Library was done within library property")('2006110', 'Report from Human Rights Watch says Zimbabwean government has stepped up beatings and imprisonment of dissenters opposing government policies as economy collapses and public services continue to deteriorate (S)')('2006110', 'Dulcinea Rosso Bruno is hybrid tomato from several wild varieties; it is vine-ripened in British Columbia and California; photo (S)')('2006110', 'Bob Barker, host of game show The Price is Right since 1972, announces that he will retire in June; photo (M)')('2006110', 'Mark Bittman The Minimalist column offers recipe for roasting chicken and vegetables so both are done together (M)')('2006110', "Editors' Note on Oct 28 article about last-minute corporate donations to Democratic candidates; Repr Nancy Pelosi's office says she has no plans to attend annual fund-raiser in Vail in January")('2006110', 'Besieged New York State Republican Party shows financial strength as State Senate Republican Campaign Committee raises $720,000 in last week, nearly 10 times the $72,500 raised by Democratic Senate Campaign Committee (M)')('2006110', 'New cookbooks focusing on Southeast Asian flavors include Memories of Philippine Kitchens: Stories and Recipes from Far and Near by Amy Besa and Romy Dorotan, Cradle of Flavor: Home Cooking from the Spice Islands of Indonesia, Singapore and Malaysia by James Oseland and Into the Vietnamese Kitchen: Treasured Foodways, Modern Flavors by Andrea Nguyen; recipes; photos (M)')('2006110', 'Philadelphia Phillies could pursue New York Yankees outfielder Gary Sheffield in off-season; photo (M)')('2006110', 'Correction; Oct 18 article about restaurants in New York that stay open very late misstated information about one restaurant')('2006110', "Photo of former Boston Celtics coach Red Auerbach's funeral service")('2006110', 'Two airplanes bump into each other at Newark Liberty International Airport, causing one bound for Germany to be canceled (S)')('2006110', 'Comment on possibility that Senate will be divided 50-50 between Republicans and Democrats after coming election and how that would work itself out (S)')('2006110', "Roundup of new baking books: Baking: From My Home to Yours by Dorie Greenspan, Bob's Red Mill Baking Book by John Ettinger and Bob's Red Mill Family, King Arthur Flour Whole Grain Baking, About Professional Baking: The Essentials by Gail Sokol and Chocolate & Vanilla by Gale Gand and Lisa Weiss; recipes (M)")('2006110', 'Letter from Avigdor Lieberman, Israeli Minister of Strategic Affairs, scores Oct 25 editorial; says Middle East peace process has failed; says Israel must redefine its goals and focus on bringing security and stability to region instead of setting sights on unrealistic fantasy')('2006110', "Letter from Deborah W Brooks, president and chief executive of Michael J Fox Foundation for Parkinson's Research, says foundation pursues every promising avenue toward improved treatment and cure, including, but not limited to stem cell research; says Fox undertakes political efforts on his own, outside of foundation, which is prohibited from such involvement (Oct 25 article)")('2006110', 'Correction of Oct 27 profile of Jeanine Pirro, candidaate for New York attorney general; her husband Albert was ticketed for speeding, but not arrested')('2006110', 'Connecticut independent Sen Joseph I Lieberman adopts strategy of talking up his bipartisanship in Senate to deflect criticism about working with Republicans on their agenda; photo (M)')('2006110', 'NBC wins ratings for Monday night with shows Deal or No Deal, Heroes and Friday Night Lights (S)')('2006110', 'New York Gov George E Pataki signs law increasing penalties for illegal possession of loaded gun (S)')('2006110', 'Correction of Oct 31 article about legislative races across country; shift in power in New Jersey is impossible because state elects legislators in odd-numbered years')('2006110', 'Photo of seance held on Halloween at Center for Jewish History in New York City in attempt to contact magician Harry Houdini on anniversary of his death')('2006110', 'Pairings column suggests dish of pasta with porcini and eggs to complement red dolcetto wines (M)')('2006110', "Scribner is publishing new edition of Joy of Cooking, most popular cookbook in America, in time for its 75th anniversary; 1997 transformation was well-engineered but unpopular and highlighted feud among author Irma Rombauer's heirs; review of new edition; history of book and family; photos (L)")('2006110', 'Photo of front pages of New York Post and Daily News as Post declares circulation victory over archrival')('2006110', 'Puget Custom Computers is one of boutique computer makers springing up; service offers better parts and fewer functions along with ability to custom design computer to suit specific needs; custom computer can cost up to twice amount of similar brand-name model, but buyers receive larger selection of high-performance hardware and better guarantee and upgrade potential; photo (M)')('2006110', 'Correction of map with Oct 27 article about speed cameras on British roads; shading made it appear that Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland are not part of Britain')('2006110', 'Correction of Oct 27 article about proposed Atlantic Yards development in Brooklyn; Jessica Copen is spokesperson for Charles Gargano, chairman of Empire State Development Corp')('2006110', 'Matt Nadler letter says corporate political donations are anathema to representative democracy (Oct 28 article)')('2006110', 'Government cemeteries in Harare, Zimbabwe, are full or near to capacity; shortage of burial space is tied to AIDS epidemic and econmic collapse; officials are recommending cremation, alternative that is unpopular with many (S)')('2006110', 'Correction of Oct 26 report about Scott Spiezio of St Louis Cardinals; Topps baseball card of his father, Ed, in Cardinals jersey was Number 128 from 1967 set')('2006110', 'Photo of barge delivering truss for 145th Street Bridge in New York City')('2006110', 'Week of NFL games discussed; photos (M)')('2006110', 'Correction of Oct 24 art review of exhibit at Phillips Collection; 1926 film by Lotte Reiniger, The Adventures of Prince Achmed, explained')('2006110', "National Park Service studies whether Lent-Riker-Smith homestead, New York City's oldest inhabited dwelling, might be acquired as national park (S)")('2006110', 'Halloween demands a "performance of happiness" that Judith Warner unbearable.')('2006110', "There are forces shaping our politics that are larger than any single election. One of those forces is polarization - the tendency of political parties and significant portions of the electorate to sort themselves by ideology. In today's world, Moderate Man is beset on all sides by the Polar People. To moderates, the American political [...]")('2006110', "By Fred Meyer (Fred Meyer is the sports editor at About.com and the fantasy football defense columnist at Rotowire.com) Well, this isn't supposed to happen. Eight of last week's nine picks had quality games, including a sack from each of the linemen picked. We used to think defensive matchups weren't that reliable. Since we know [...]")('2006110', 'What can be done now to protect marine life and many species of fish that could face extinction by midcentury if overfishing continues? Related Article')('2006110', "A NY1/Newsday poll shows that State Comptroller Alan Hevesi's lead over his Republican challenger, J. Christopher Callaghan has dwindled to 10 percentage points, 48 percent to 38 percent, among likely voters. The margin of sampling error is plus or minus 3 percent. The poll was conducted from Oct. 27 to Nov. 1. [Update: This post [...]")('2006110', 'Share your suggestions what to do in Copenhagen. Back to Article')('2006110', 'Share your suggestions where to eat in Copenhagen. Back to Article')('2006110', 'Share your suggestions where to stay in Copenhagen. Back to Article')('2006110', 'How high alcohol levels affect the enjoyment of wine.')('2006110', 'Congresswoman Nancy Pelosi of California, who is a strong candidate to be named speaker of the House if Democrats take control, has been a favorite of the blogs for some time, and was so again today.')('2006110', "His opposition to the Iraq war aside, few of Senator Robert Menendez's positions recently have endeared him to New Jersey's Arab-American voters. He was vocal among Democrats opposing the takeover of ports by a Dubai-based company, and helped end the candidacy of Sami Merhi, a democrat running for Passaic County freeholder who was attacked for [...]")('2006110', 'Spin Cycle, inspired by the stream of Democrats coming out for Hevesi, is inspired to whimsy.')('2006110', 'More Enron-like scandals could erupt unless companies act to reduce the role of compensation consultants, a group of pension funds has warned. In a letter to the top 25 U.S. companies by market capitalization, the coalition of pension funds said that having consultants working on both business issues and management pay is inflating executive compensation [...]')('2006110', 'On top of the cash, Eliot Spitzer sends a love letter to the Working Families Party. Congressman Vito Fossella gets a backhanded endorsement from his hometown paper. [The Daily Politics.] And some of his Asian supporters sat on their hands at a recent rally. [The Politicker.] NY I has posted video of the "Inside City [...]')('2006110', 'The former general counsel of leading voicemail software maker Comverse Technology pleaded guilty Thursday to a scheme to pocket millions of dollars by backdating stock options. William F. Sorin told a federal judge in Brooklyn that he conspired with chief executive Jacob "Kobi" Alexander to backdate the options and falsify financial statements to conceal the [...]')('2006110', 'President Bush ventures into Montana, where incumbent Conrad Burns has had a troubled time this campaign year against his Democratic challenger, Jon Tester.')('2006110', 'As he has done in the scandal involving State Comptroller Alan G. Hevesi, Mayor Bloomberg declined to weigh today in on the troubles facing Public Advocate Betsy Gotbuam and Senator John F. Kerry of Massachusetts. (Ozier Muhammad/The New York Times) The New York Post reported today that Ms. Gotbaum had refunded the city a small [...]')('2006110', 'It may be an off-season of four months, but as all Formula One fans know, it is a time not of sleep, but of preparation for the next season. Far from going into hibernation, I am planning to turn the off-season into a time in which I can do many things on this blog that [...]')('2006110', 'Tom Suozzi, Mr. Fix Albany, has joined the list of Dems for Hevesi.')('2006110', "The Wall Street Journal published an op-ed piece yesterday by Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg on the purported rivalry between New York City and London over which city is truly the world's financial center. So why - a reporter for The New York Sun asked Mr. Bloomberg at a noontime news conference in Brooklyn \xad – [...]")('2006110', 'Sanjay Kumar was great at sounding sincere. He is also a crook who got off easy.')('2006110', "Tom Cruise has finally found a home. Mr. Cruise and his producing partner, Paula Wagner, have formed a partnership with MGM to recreate the storied production company United Artists. Thursday's announcement came a few months after Mr. Cruise's highly public separation from Viacom's Paramount Pictures. The deal calls for MGM, controlled by a group of [...]")('2006110', "Met with bursts of applause and Amens, Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton spoke to more than 100 city clergy leaders this morning about faith-based initiatives, and later tried to shift the political spotlight from John Kerry to Don Rumsfeld. She lauded the role of churches and clergy in Americans' lives, and in her own life as [...]")('2006110', 'When hedge fund Archeus Capital broke the news to investors earlier this week that it would be closing down by the end of the year, it blamed on failures on a "third-party administrator" that failed to keep its books in order. Financial News on Thursday suggested that the fund might have avoided shutting down if [...]')('2006110', 'Readers respond to Bob Herbert\'s Nov. 2 column, "Punished for Being Female." Jess Joseph, New York: Especially considering how many people now read the Times online, I regret that you did not provide the URL, or even the title, for the report itself. Here it is: U.N. report Erica Jong, Weston, Conn., and New York: [...]')('2006110', 'Readers respond to David Brooks\'s Nov. 2 column, "Same Old Demons." Benjamin Hendricks, Los Angeles: As the right-wing media outlet makes its transition from bluster to solemn damage control and helpful suggestions/research, I think it\'s important to revisit this idea: The invasion of Iraq was wrong. Even if we\'d been greeted as gods-on-earth with tulips [...]')('2006110', 'JustHillary.com is trumpeting this as an endorsement, though it seems to fall a tad short of that, based on this this account from the TimesOnline (the one in London, no relation): The accusations against [Madonna] are various, but commonly boil down to three suspicions: that she has used her fame and wealth to bend the [...]')('2006110', 'Empire Zone is now officially suffering from a bout of endorsement vertigo. Yes, Senator John McCain, who was from Arizona last time we checked, is wading into the ever-interesting New York State race for comptroller, offering up an endorsement of his fellow Republican, J. Christopher Callaghan. "Like all Americans, the people of New York want [...]')('2006110', 'As promised, here are the up-to-date political science predictions.')('2006110', "You'd be forgiven for thinking that music video online is nothing but tweens lipsynching to Evanescence. . . .or the MTV archive, the whole garish hot-for-teacher-dude-looks-like-a-lady jamboree, which will soon - one copyright bloodbath from now - be available EXCLUSIVELY on IFILM. In fact, though, here's a secret about The New York Times: people here [...]")('2006110', 'The Times changes it rating in the Tennessee Senate race from a tossup to leaning Republican.')('2006110', "Sanjay Kumar, the former chief executive of Computer Associates International, was sentenced to 12 years in prison and fined $8 million on Thursday in a massive accounting fraud scandal at one of the world's largest software companies. Mr. Kumar, 44, had pleaded guilty in April to obstruction of justice and securities fraud charges at the [...]")('2006110', 'In an interview with The Buffalo News published today, Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver comes out swinging in support of the embattled comptroller, Alan G. Hevesi. Mr. SIlver calls the recent Ethics Commission report on Hevesi a "political process through and through." (Tim Rosk/Associated Press) He also questions why Paul Shechtman,* who runs both the state [...]')('2006110', 'In this lesson, students share opinions about their connected interests. They then investigate the algorithms used by Web sites to develop networks of interest among users and design proposals for a social networking site for their school community.')('2006110', 'Leadership PAC money is used for a variety of expenses, including hotel bills, florist bills, thereby reducing the amount the PACS donate to candidates.')('2006110', 'Senator Joe Lieberman may have have other things on his mind this week, but at least one of his fans has bigger dreams for him than mere re-election - another run as vice president, this time as a Republican. (Stephan Savoia/Associated Press) In a memo entitled "How to Save the Neocons," Joshua Muravchik, a resident [...]')('2006110', "Proving once again that the hottest state legislative race is in Westchester, the state Democratic Party is out today with a new commercial for Andrea Stewart-Cousins, who is trying to unseat Republican Senator Nick Spano. The spot was produced by Jimmy Siegel, Eliot Spitzer's go-to adman, and features his trademark tight shots, an earnest voiceover [...]")('2006110', 'MobiTV, which enables television viewing on mobile devices, has enlarged its already impressive cache of venture capital, bringing its total financing to about $125 million. The latest $30 million is part of a "second close" of its Series C funding round, MobiTV said in a press release. News of the additional cash, which comes three [...]')('2006110', "Speculation about the next takeover target for Google took an unusual turn on Wednesday as an analyst suggested the Internet giant might consider a major deal with a radio broadcaster such as Clear Channel Communications. David Bank, an analyst with RBC Capital Markets, wrote that Google Audio, formed out of Google's acquisition of dMarc Broadcasting [...]")('2006110', "The polls show Joe Lieberman still ahead, thanks in part to support from Republicans - like Congressman Chris Shays. And Ned Lamont is taking to the streets on a bus tour. The bus tour plan didn't work out too well for Mr. Lieberman in the primary, but the challenger's camp is optimistic. Mr. Lieberman's field [...]")('2006110', "Well, John Kerry will be more careful with his humor from now on. I do think that he owes troops an apology - even if he didn't mean what he said, he hurt plenty of feelings. Pat Lang, for example, is a former military intelligence expert whose blog is a useful source of information about [...]")('2006110', "The Times poll results illuminate how the Iraq war remains in the foreground of voters' minds as campaigns enter the final stretch.")('2006110', 'A roundup of news about voting, election law, and those newfangled voting machines.')('2006110', 'The Philadelphia Inquirer has all the gory detail about Representative Curt Weldon, his daughter Karen Weldon, and the family with ties to Slobodan Milosevic that paid her to champion them.')('2006110', "As some investors and analysts questioned the wisdom of their proposed $21 billion merger, the chief executives of drugstore chain CVS and pharmacy-benefits manager Caremark Rx appeared on CNBC Thursday morning to answer questions about the deal - including a few from DealBook's editor. Asked about the decline in both companies' stocks after terms of [...]")('2006110', 'Can\'t wait until Tuesday night for the election results? Charlie Cook makes his best guess as to what\'s going to happen in his latest "Off to the Races" column at National Journal.com: "The bottom line is that at this stage, Republicans should consider themselves lucky if their net losses stay in the 20-25 range in [...]')('2006110', "Here's a link to an interesting discussion of Darfur at the Council on Foreign Relations website. It raises the question of whether genocidaires can be deterred. Or, to put it another way, if we emphasize accountability and justice after one genocide, then will that make the next one less likely? I'm actually a skeptic on [...]")('2006110', 'Representative Jim Gibbons, the Republican candidate, admitted helping to land millions in federal contracts for a Reno software company whose owner donated to his campaign and went on a cruise, but his campaign said he is guilty, at most, of failing to file for an ethics exception for the cruise.')('2006110', 'Mr. President, rename this war: Timothy Garton Ash, writing in The Los Angeles Times, says the phrase "war on terror" needs to be retired. "Apart from anything else, to use this language dignified the terrorists with the status of belligerents when they should have been treated as criminals," he writes. "In a backhanded way, the [...]')('2006110', "The Alan Hevesi scandal has necessarily focused attention on the experience (and inexperience) of Chris Callaghan, the Republican candidate for state comptroller. Danny Hakim of The Times takes a close look, and finds that Chris spends his own money on groceries and mortgage payments instead of fancy investments. J. Christopher Callaghan at the comptroller's debate. [...]")('2006110', 'Ok, so this is the point in the campaign when you\'ll see a lot of articles that have two opposing themes. Either "it\'s all about undecideds" or "it\'s all about turnout."')('2006110', 'Scandals, investigations and accusations are responsible for the competitive status of at least 15 races, enough to give the Democrats control on that issue alone.')('2006110', 'The uproar surrounding Mr. Kerry\'s botched joke brought a wide grin to Stephen Colbert\'s face. He called the senator\'s statements "inappropriate and unforgivable and I love it."')('2006110', 'Representative Nancy Pelosi, the House minority leader, has become campaigner in chief for Republicans warning voters what will happen if they give Democrats a majority.')('2006110', 'What does "French" mean anymore?')('2006110', 'In the closing days of campaigns, itineraries can be telling barometers of political strategy. Ken Mehlman, chairman of the Republican National Committee, is making 12 stops in Missouri this week, hoping to increase Republican turnout in a too-close-to-call race between Senator Jim Talent, a Republican, and Claire McCaskill. "We are literally hitting every media market [...]')('2006110', "Allan V. Rose and his Yonkers, N.Y.-based AVR Realty are negotiating a potential $1.3 billion purchase of 5 Times Square from Mort Zuckerman's Boston Properties, The New York Post reported. The 39-story, 1.15-million-square-foot tower is home to Ernst & Young and Giuliani Partners, the firm founded by former New York City Mayor Rudolph Giuliani. Go [...]")('2006110', "A Google spokesman on Wednesday denied a report that says the search giant faces fines of 34 million euros ($43 million) in a copyright case in Belgium. Google's fines for not removing links in Google News to Belgian news sources hit 34 million euros ($43 million) before Copiepresse, which represents Belgian publishers, agreed to temporarily [...]")('2006110', "Attorneys for David Finnerty, the former stock trader who was convicted Oct. 26 by a jury of making thousands of improper trades while working at Fleet Specialists, have asked for more time to prepare their post-trial motions to set aside this verdict. A New York's Southern District judge has given Mr. Finnerty's attorneys until Nov. [...]")('2006110', "Samsung Electronics, the world's biggest maker of memory chips, said its German offices were raided as part of a European Union probe into suspected price-fixing of static random-access memory chips. The European Commission said on Tuesday it had raided the offices of several makers of SRAM chips in Germany, suspecting price-fixing in the sector. Go [...]")('2006110', 'Smith & Nephew, a British maker of orthopedic products, said Thursday it had held "very preliminary talks" over a possible combination with American rival Biomet. The announcement followed a report in Wednesday\'s New York Times that the British company was in early discussions to acquire Biomet for more than $9 billion. More than six months [...]')('2006110', 'The former general counsel of Comverse Technology is expected to plead guilty Thursday to criminal charges for his role in a stock options scheme, a court official said yesterday. The executive, William F. Sorin, is scheduled to appear before Judge Nicholas G. Garaufis of Federal District Court in Brooklyn to enter a guilty plea, a [...]')('2006110', 'A Congressional subcommittee that examined the internal spying effort at Hewlett-Packard has put new questions to Mark V. Hurd, chairman and chief executive, that are more pointed than the ones he faced before the panel in September. The 16 written questions, sent in mid-October, appear aimed at a possible inconsistency in his testimony about a [...]')('2006110', 'Buyout house Warburg Pincus and co-investors in Institutional Shareholder Services are poised to make 13 times their original money selling the corporate governance and proxy advisory firm to RiskMetrics Group, according to The Daily Deal. RiskMetrics Group announced Wednesday that it would buy ISS for undisclosed terms, but The Deal put the price tag at [...]')('2006110', 'Seismic-data firm Seitel accepted a $540 million buyout offer from its largest shareholder, ValueAct Capital, but industry analysts told The Houston Chronicle that Wall Street had hoped for a higher price for the Houston company. Seitel desperately tried to snag a higher bid after ValueAct offered to buy the shares for $3.70 each in August, [...]')('2006110', "An investment fund with a 1 percent stake in Reckson Associates Realty said it would vote against the company's acquisition by a competitor because of concern that certain suburban office buildings in the deal were undervalued. SL Green Realty, a New York real estate investment fund that owns the Graybar building and 100 Park Avenue, [...]")('2006110', 'Advertising giant WPP and U.S. private equity firm Hellman & Friedman plan to launch a joint bid worth 800 million to 1 billion euros ($1.02 billion to $1.28 billion) for agency Sportfive. The Telegraph reported that Hellman & Friedman is leading a consortium that includes Mediapro, a WPP associate company, to buy the marketing agency [...]')('2006110', 'Champions of nanotechnology and its applications to cancer care, long chastised for having blue-sky ideas, are attracting some green to develop some real-world uses in Houston, The Houston Chronicle reports. So far the money for local startups is more likely to come from government funds set up to promote early-stage investment, and the amounts are [...]')('2006110', 'Farmers do not see fast money very often. But with big profits gushing forth from ethanol plants, dozens of Wall Street bankers, in loafers and suits, have been descending on the cornfields of the Midwest promising to make thousands of farmers rich overnight. Most of them, though, are proving surprisingly reluctant to cash in. Investment [...]')('2006110', "Credit Suisse Group, Switzerland's second-largest bank, said third-quarter profit slipped after a decline in equity trading reduced earnings from investment banking. But shares of Credit Suisse rose as much as 3.5 percent, the biggest gain in four months, as earnings exceeded analysts' estimates. Net income fell 1.6 percent to 1.89 billion Swiss francs ($1.52 billion) [...]")('2006110', 'Cardiac device maker Pathway Medical Technologies has raised $25 million in Series B fundingto prepare for the market launch of its catheter treatment system. New investors HLM Venture Partners and Latterell Venture Partners led the round, joined by existing investors ABN Amro Capital Lifesciences, Giza Ventures and Oxford Bioscience. Go to Article from VentureWire Professional [...]')('2006110', 'Japanese brokerage firm Nomura said Thursday it would acquire the electronic stock broker Instinet from Silver Lake Partners. Terms of the all-cash deal were not disclosed, but a source briefed on the transaction told DealBook the price was close to $1 billion. Silver Lake, a private equity firm that often invests in technology companies, paid [...]')('2006110', 'Andrew Conrun faces a conundrum: his start-ups are highly successful, but he can\'t lure investors, nor can he find a suitable exit for his companies. Welcome to the upside down world of adult entertainment. Mr. Conru runs Adultfriendfinder.com, which dubs itself "the world\'s largest sex and swingers community." The San Jose Mercury News reports that [...]')('2006110', "U.S. venture capitalists don't seem deterred by what some say is a saturated market, as venture capital fund-raising through the first three quarters of this year is set to outdistance the total raised in 2005. Through the nine months of this year, $19.7 billion has been raised by U.S. investors, compared with $16.7 billion during [...]")('2006110', 'Cairn Energy, the British-based oil company, will raise at least $1.8 billion from the initial public offering of its Indian assets next month. Cairn plans to list 30.5 percent of Cairn India on the Bombay Stock Exchange and return an estimated $1 billion to shareholders. Go to Article from The Times of London »')('2006110', 'A drop of C$20 billion in the market value of the Toronto Stock Exchange on Wednesday was a crystal-clear sign that, overnight, income trusts had gone from being a favorite Canadian investment to a gigantic headache. The Toronto Stock Exchange index for trust investments fell 13 percent because of a surprise announcement on Tuesday that [...]')('2006110', "Standard & Poor's Ratings Services on Wednesday placed the credit ratings assigned to Bank of America, Citigroup, J.P. Morgan Chase, U.S. Bancorp, and Wells Fargo, on CreditWatch with positive implications. The move, S&P said, reflects its view that the U.S. banking industry has become sounder on a variety of fronts over the years, so that [...]")('2006110', "Petro-Canada said Wednesday it has completed a deal to buy a 90 percent interest in the Ash Shaer and Cherrife natural gas fields in central Syria for C$54 million ($48 million). Under the agreement with a subsidiary of Marathon Oil, Petro-Canada becomes operator of the gas fields and has the option to buy Marathon Oil's [...]")('2006110', 'St. Mary Land & Exploration on Wednesday said it signed an agreement to purchase oil and gas properties in west Texas for $250 million cash from undisclosed private parties. Go to Article from Reuters »')('2006110', "A vociferous advocate of a tie up between XM Satellite Radio and Sirius Satellite Radio, blustery market pundit Jim Cramer told the world he doesn't feel good about a Sirius-Apple merger. On his Real Money radio show, Mr. Cramer, answering a query from the mailbag, said: I don't believe a merger between Sirius and Apple [...]")('2006110', "Storage giant EMC announced plans Wednesday to acquire Avamar Technologies in a $165 million cash deal, furthering EMC's efforts in the data retrieval and retention arena. Avamar, a privately held company based in Irvine, Calif., develops software designed to remove redundancies in data before it is backed up to disk. The move is the latest [...]")('2006110', "Regulators in New York and California said yesterday that they had settled an investigation on undisclosed incentive payments to brokers by Unum Provident, the nation's largest disability insurance provider. The insurance company said it had agreed to pay $15.5 million to New York in restitution and a fine of $1.9 million to the office of [...]")('2006110', 'Schering-Plough Chief Executive Officer Fred Hassan said Wednesday that the prices being fetched in the recent wave of big pharmaceutical takeover bids are "breathtaking," and are reflective of how difficult it is for large companies to acquire quality drug candidates. His comments come in the wake of Merck\'s Monday announcement that it would pay a [...]')('2006110', 'Marsh & McLennan Chief Executive Michael Cherkasky during the company\'s quarterly earnings call Wednesday said the previously announced strategic review of its Putnam Investments subsidiary is still ongoing, but declined to comment on a possible sale of part or all of the unit. "That market check is proceeding well so far, and we hope to [...]')('2006110', 'After six years of waiting, the growing market for "really simple syndication" has brought a measure of validation, along with $13 million in new financing to enterprise RSS technology developer KnowNow. The new financing included an investment from Presidio Venture Partners, the early-stage investment vehicle for Sumitomo Corporation. Go to Article from VentureWire Professional »')('2006110', "Everything's coming up hedge funds for Morgan Stanley this week. The investment bank said yesterday that its investment management unit had acquired a 19 percent stake in London-based hedge fund Lansdowne Partners. The deal is Morgan's third hedge fund deal in three days as the bank's chief executive, John J. Mack, moves aggressively to close [...]")('2006110', "The cult of the imperial chief executive may be on the wane, but if Jack Welch L.L.C., the name of John Welch's consulting firm, were a stock, it would be hitting a record high. While many chief executives take the opportunity of retirement to enjoy a more sedate existence of golf and charity events, Mr. [...]")('2006110', "Faced with tepid interest in the company as a whole, Tribune said privately Wednesday that it would open its auction to bids for its individual assets, according to press reports. The move is an about-face for the media company, which said in September that individual assets weren't for sale, and puts papers like The Los [...]")('2006110', 'Vodafone Group denied a report that Altimo, the telecoms arm of Russia\'s powerful Alfa Group conglomerate, was in talks with the British firm about a possible 15 billion pound ($28.61 billion) tie-up. "We are not in any sort of negotiations," spokesman for the mobile phone giant told Reuters. The denial follows a report from The [...]')('2006110', "Las Vegas-based MGM Mirage said Wednesday that it would sell a trio of casinos in Primm, a California-Nevada border town, for $400 million to Herbst Gaming, a fast-growing Las Vegas company known for its roadside slot machines and its Terrible's gas stations and casinos. The sale includes 2,644 rooms and 136,000 square feet of casino [...]")('2006110', 'A group of investors led by Citigroup has won the right to buy a controlling stake in a Chinese state-owned bank, the Guangdong Development Bank, according to the official New China News Agency. If it has indeed won the deal, Citigroup and its partners have beat out a group of bidders led by the French [...]')('2006110', "CVS and Caremark on Wednesday cast their $20.8 billion deal as a merger of equals that would enable them and their investors to take better advantage of upheavals in the prescription drug business. Wall Street was not as sure. By the end of the day, both companies' stocks were down. And any thought of copycat [...]")('2006110', "Wall Street is often portrayed as a bastion of tradition where old habits - and old boys' networks - die hard. But on the issue of gays and lesbians in the workplace, the financial-services sector may have embraced change faster than other industries. That is the suggestion of a recent feature from Bloomberg News, which [...]")('2006110', "Seven letters comment on Nov 1 front page article on joke by Sen John Kerry that Republicans have interpreted as attack on intelligence of US forces in Iraq; Karen Ritsau says Sen John Kerry was clearly aiming barb at George W Bush; J Russell Burck says Sen Kerry appears to be as much of danger to Democrats as Pres Bush and Karl Rove; Philip Corsello says he is proud of John Kerry for having found his voice to speak out against debacle; Monique Frugier asks where Pres Bush's apology is for loss of more than 2,800 American lives; Menachem Hirmes says Kerry's remarks are clear evidence that he should not be considered as possibility to head 2008 ticket; John Spitler says that although he is pleased by Kerry's apology, his remarks added fuel to Karl Rove's last-minute vote effort; Hank Wallace says Kerry botched joke but Bush botched war; drawing")('2006110', 'National issues like education, economy, crime and ethics are reflected in ads for local races across the country; photo (M)')('2006110', 'Correction of Oct 23 obituary about John V Murra regarding incident in his life')('2006110', "Eight designers furnish House Beautiful's annual Designer Showhouse in Miami; photos (S)")('2006110', 'Vanessa De Vargas, interior designer, opens vintage furniture showroom in Venice, Calif; photos (S)')('2006110', 'Venezuela and Guatemala agree to withdraw from their race for seat on United Nations Security Council and to support Panama as candidate; accord ends contest that shows limits of efforts by Pres Hugo Chavez of Venezuela to find prominent platform for his views (M)')('2006110', 'Correction of Oct 31 article on manuscript by novelist Jim Thompson that is now to be made into film from finished script by Stephen R Clarke regarding another film mentioned')('2006110', 'New York Mets general manager Omar Minaya says team is trying to find winter league for outfielder Lastings Milledge (S)')('2006110', 'Summer Sanders and Aaron Peirsol, Olympic swimmers, test latest swimming shampoos; photos (M)')('2006110', 'Correction on credit for illustration with April 13 article about exercise machine')('2006110', 'Jules Feiffer Op-Art drawing on Democratic Party frenzy over political star and potential 2008 presidential candidate Sen Barack Obama')('2006110', 'Ken Mehlman, chairman of Republican National Committee, is making 12 stops in Missouri, hoping to increase Republican turnout in close race between Sen Jim Talent and Claire McCaskill, Democrat (S)')('2006110', 'Democrats and Republicans charge hefty prices for supporters to have photo taken with leading politicians at fund-raising events; chart; photos (S)')('2006110', 'Al Jazeera International, English-language version of pan-Arab network, says it will begin broadcasting around world on Nov 15, after delaying debut for about year; will broadcast in more than 40 million homes, making it biggest television startup of recent years; photo (S)')('2006110', 'ABC wins ratings for Tuesday night with show Dancing With the Stars (S)')('2006110', 'New York Yankees general manager Brian Cashman says promotion of Don Mattingly to bench coach does not mean he will definitely succeed Joe Torre as manager (M)')('2006110', 'Four rooms designed between 1902 and 1913 by Josef Hoffmann, Austrian Modernist architect, have been recreated at Neue Galerie, whose shop will sell copies of his tableware, lighting and textiles; photos (S)')('2006110', 'Correction on Oct 19 headline about popularity of English country style of dress favored by Queen Elizabeth II')('2006110', 'George Vecsey Sports of The Times column compares stability of New Jersey Nets to fragility of New York Knicks (M)')('2006110', 'San Francisco Police Officer Donald Ramirez commits suicide in jail cell in Cambodia after being accused of sexually assaulting teenage girl (S)')('2006110', 'Institute for OneWorld Health, nonprofit drug company, will receive $46 million from Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation for efforts to develop new treatments for diarrhea; photo of OneWorld Health founder Dr Victoria Hale; photo (S)')('2006110', 'Hollywood entertainment magnate David Geffen sells classic drip painting by Jackson Pollock for about $140 million; buyer is identified as Mexican financier David Martinez; Geffen declines to comment on sale and figure has yet to be officially confirmed; photo (M)')('2006110', 'San Francisco Police Officer Donald Ramirez commits suicide in jail cell in Cambodia after being accused of sexually assaulting teenage girl (S)')('2006110', "Christopher Wheeldon, one of world's leading young choreographers of classical ballets and important creative force at New York City Ballet, is unlikely to renew company contract when it expires in 2008, citing desire to work on his own (S)")('2006110', 'Pres Bush seeks to rally Republican voters with vigorous defense of war in Iraq and vow to keep Defense Sec Donald H Rumsfeld; also goes after Sen John Kerry, Democrat, for remarks Republicans say insulted intelligence of American troops; Kerry says remark was poorly botched joke; Democratic and Republican Party committees infuse money into Senate campaigns in various states (M)')('2006110', 'Correction of Oct 30 On Baseball column regarding history of winners of past World Series')('2006110', 'Correction of Nov 1 article on Nets, regarding its plans to move to Brooklyn')('2006110', 'Correction of Oct 25 chart ranking top five states that produced most NFL players on opening-day rosters this season')('2006110', "Deutsche Oper Berlin, German opera house that canceled Mozart's Idomeneo in September citing fears that scene featuring severed head of Prophet Muhammad might incite Islamic violence, announces that it has scheduled performances of opera for Dec 18 and 29 (S)")('2006110', 'Correction of entry in Oct 21 News Summary about death of Sigmund Strochlitz')('2006110', 'Soundtrack for Disney TV series Hannah Montana is No 1 on Billboard charts, beating My Chemical Romance and John Legend; photo (S)')('2006110', 'Elizabeth Tobier letter deplores entrapping of wild hogs in Texas (Oct 29 article)')('2006110', 'Correction of Nov 1 brief report: restraining order against ordinance to fine those renting to or employing illegal immigrants was approved in Hazleton, Pa')('2006110', 'Ohio is central battleground of midterm elections because of unusual concentration of competitive races for seats in Senate and House that will determine control of both chambers; discontent with war in Iraq, limping regional economy and corruption scandal in Republican-controlled statehouse have tilted table in favor of Democrats; remarks by Congressional candidates Mary Jo Kilroy, Democrat, and Deborah Pryce, Republican incumbent, noted (M)')('2006110', "Letters from Jerry Rapp, Lawrence Rifkin and Larry Rubin reject Ahmed Yousef's call for truce between Israel and Hamas (Nov 1 Op-Ed); Penny Allen supports idea")('2006110', 'Nearly 70 percent of Americans say Pres Bush does not have plan to end war in Iraq, and substantial majority expect Democrats to reduce or end American military involvement there if they win control of Congress, New York Times/CBS News Poll; poll shows 29 percent of Americans approve of way Bush is managing war, matching lowest mark of his presidency, and 80 percent say his latest effort to rally public support for conflict is change in language but not policy; expect Republicans to maintain or increase troop levels to try to win war if they hold on to power on Capitol Hill; poll results seen as worrisome indicators for Republicans in final days of campaign; 50 percent of independent voters, closely watched segment of electorate, say they will vote for Democratic candidates, versus 23 percent who say they would vote for Republicans; although voters show clear expectation that Democratic-led Congress would produce change in Iraq policy, it is not clear how much influence that might have on Bush, who as commander in chief would retain final say; other poll results noted; charts (M)')('2006110', 'Photo of handcycle rider and racer in traditional wheelchair; New York City Marathon looks to accommodate both kinds of disabled racers')('2006110', 'Personal Shopper column on mod styles of tweeds, plaids and herringbones; photos (M)')('2006110', 'Andre Balazs is opening high-end condominium at Weaver and Beaver Streets in Mahattan for hard-driving young Wall Streeters; photo; drawing (S)')('2006110', 'Correction of Oct 29 article on violent protests in Oaxaca, Mexico, regarding name of employer of photographer who was killed there')('2006110', 'Jean-Baptiste Jerome Colonna, suspected head of Corsican Mafia, dies in car crash on island (S)')('2006110', 'Correction of Nov 1 obituary about Clifford Geertz regarding his career')('2006110', 'Correction of Oct 31 article on trunk-or-treating for children on Halloween regarding timing of one such event')('2006110', 'Correction of Oct 30 article on possible cabinet appointments by Eliot Spitzer, Democratic candidate for New York governor, regarding one person cited')('2006110', "Four letters comment on Oct 30 Op-Ed column by Bob Herbert on public's disenchantment with midterm elections; Andrea Cukor suggests eliminating party affiliation in voter registration; Ashvin Shah says American voters should express their anger by going to polls and voting for third party or none of the above; Ruth A Wooden, president of Public Agenda, says Americans need to talk face to face and not in televised town-hall meetings; Peter House says civic cynicism breeds non-participation in electoral process, which that only helps Republicans")('2006110', 'Correction of Oct 27 article on drilling for natural gas in Fort Worth; city has 18 wells on public property for which it receives royalties and bonuses')('2006110', 'Iran will hold military maneuvers in Persian Gulf, firing long-range Sahab-3 missile, days after United States and allies hold exercises in same areas (S)')('2006110', "Tord Boontje's collection of 30 holiday items for Target stores--lights, dinnerware, stationery--do not have classic Christmas imagery; photo (S)")('2006110', "The American voters' weariness with three and a half years of war in Iraq will be the undoing of the Republicans.")('2006110', 'The WNBC/Marist Poll looks better for New York Comptroller Alan Hevesi than some of the other recent ones. A lot of people on the fence? And the Kelley report will be released tomorrow. [Capital Confidential.] The political calendar is jam-packed this weekend. [The Politicker.] The Lieberman campaign has put out a direct-mail attack on the [...]')('2006110', 'Not all blue state Republicans are running from President Bush. Former Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani, at a rally in Upstate New York today on behalf of Congressman John Sweeney, said: We were kind of on defense against terrorism before Sept. 11, but since Sept. 11, because of President Bush, and because of the people that [...]')('2006110', 'NY 1 Itch says: "An exclusive NY1-Newsday poll shows Hillary Clinton with a 33 percentage point lead over her Republican challenger, John Spencer, while also being preferred as a presidential candidate over Illinois Senator Barack Obama." Senators Clinton and Obama at the NAACP meeting in July. (Evan Vucci/Associated Press) The poll, which surveyed 952 likely [...]')('2006110', 'The conservative blogs took their cue from President Bush, hitting hard on Democrats and national security in an effort to spur voters to the booths')('2006110', 'New York Republican heavyweights turned out this afternoon for Congressman John Sweeney of the 20th District, who is in an increasingly bitter race and has had his share of recent trouble. Congressman John Sweeney gets some campaigning help from Rudy Giuliani, George Pataki and Joe Bruno.(Tim Roske/Associated Press) Even Gov. George E. Pataki showed up [...]')('2006110', 'What we\'re reading on the blogs today... Lamont supporters are denouncing Lieberman supporters for "acting like thugs." [DailyKos] But the Lieberman camp says the other side\'s account is "fantastical" and offers this report. In a Senate race that is not so exciting, John Spencer is keeping his challenge to Hillary Rodham clean this weekend, The [...]')('2006110', '(Now former) Representative Bob Ney resigned from Congress just a little while ago.')('2006110', 'This 30-second commercial by State Comptroller Alan Hevesi began airing Thursday on cable and broadcast television. Producer: Morris & Carrick Inc. The Script: Mr. Hevesi (speaking directly to the camera): "Honest concern for my wife Carol led me to make a stupid mistake. I\'m truly sorry. Now, unfairly, some politicians want to stampede me out [...]')('2006110', "Tía Pol, perfect for lunchtime nibbling. (Hiroyuki Ito for The New York Times) Maybe because I'd just paid a bunch of visits to Boqueria, I felt the need to drop into Tía Pol. Both are tapas bars, in their different ways, in a city without a surfeit of tapas bars. You can wander across menus [...]")('2006110', "Check back Monday morning for the debut of an all-new season of the Carpetbagger. You won't be sorry.")('2006110', 'Readers respond to Frank Rich\'s Oct. 29 column, "Dying to Save the G.O.P. Congress." Donald Barcan, Long Valley, N.J.: Although I mostly agree with your position and appreciate your wonderful writing style, I think the broader question to be asked in this piece is this: What do you say to the families of all the [...]')('2006110', 'Readers respond to Frank Rich\'s Oct. 22 column, "Obama Is Not a Miracle Elixir." Lenore Rapalski, Liverpool, N.Y.: For the first time, Mr. Rich, I do not agree with you. I happened to catch Charlie Rose\'s interview with Mr. Obama a few nights ago. Clearly the man has the ability to speak honestly and with [...]')('2006110', 'Paul Krugman responds to readers\' comments on his Nov. 3 column, "As Bechtel Goes." Leslie Kappes, Pompton Lakes, N.J.: I\'m not given to conspiracy theories, but it seems to me that Bush was exactly and knowingly right when he unfurled the Mission Accomplished banner so many thousands of lives ago. I believe the mission was [...]')('2006110', 'Readers respond to Thomas L. Friedman\'s Nov. 3 column, "Insulting Our Troops, and Our Intelligence." Barry Wiedenkeller, Bangkok, Thailand: I have met Mr. Kerry, and while he is a bit wooden he is an honorable man who says what he means. I do not understand why every Democratic candidate is not saying just these simple [...]')('2006110', 'The ad wars and retail politics infuse the final days of the tight, tight Senate race in Missouri.')('2006110', 'From the Sweeney rally: Danny Hakim reports that they played "Eye of the Tiger" to warm up the crowd while waiting for Representative John Sweeney, Gov. George Pataki and Rudy Giuliani at a rally for the congressman in Clifton Park. Update: Ben Smith at The Daily Politics points out another \'infelicitous\' note.')('2006110', 'Fresh off selling a stake to investment bank Morgan Stanley for about $300 million, Avenue Capital Group has linked up with another powerful name. The hedge fund, which has about $10.5 billion in assets, has added Chelsea Clinton as its newest employee, the New York Daily News reported Friday, citing unnamed sources. Ms. Clinton is [...]')('2006110', "Senator Joe Lieberman was on the Don Imus show this morning, when he was asked a question that supporters of Ned Lamont keep asking. IMUS: Final question, if you are fortunate enough to win this election on Tuesday, I've heard that... are you going to remain an independent? that's the question. LIEBERMAN: I've said... You've [...]")('2006110', 'After twice pulling back from the brink of an initial public offering, GNC has decided to look for a buyer. The chain of nutritional-supplement stores, acquired three years ago by private equity firm Apollo Management, said Friday that it was considering "strategic alternatives to enhance stockholder value, including a possible sale of the company." GNC [...]')('2006110', 'Proxy advisory firm Institutional Shareholder Services has recommended that its clients vote against Sears Holdings\' $792 million proposal to take subsidiary Sears Canada private, a group of Sears Canada minority shareholders said on Friday. The ISS said in a report: "We believe that the cash consideration offered under the share consolidation does not fully reflect [...]')('2006110', "Bob Menendez was on a roll - in two languages. The incumbent United States Senator was working the crowd at Wesley Towers, an apartment complex for people 55 and over in Newark's increasingly Hispanic North Ward, in English and in Spanish. And his audience was rapt. (Dith Pran/The New York Times) Shortly after he began [...]")('2006110', 'Democrats are walking a fine line when it comes to reports in several newspapers of a domestic violence incident involving Republican Congressman John Sweeney, who is facing a contentious challenge from Kirsten Gillibrand for his Albany-area seat. Mr. Sweeney and his wife, Gayle, have not disputed that police were called to their home last December, [...]')('2006110', 'The final pre-election list of best selling political books is out today.')('2006110', 'Respondents to The New York Times/CBS News poll talk about their views on the war in Iraq.')('2006110', 'It already seemed as if a new multibillion-dollar private investment fund was popping up each week. Now they are coming two at a time, with Morgan Stanley and San Francisco-based buyout firm Hellman & Friedman each seeking to raise $8 billion funds. Bloomberg News reported the funds in two separate stories that cited the same [...]')('2006110', 'A note "From the Personal Office of Alan G. Hevesi" informs us that the comptroller has sent the state an additional $90,000 -- on top of the $82,688 he has already repaid - at the request of the attorney general\'s office, which is investigating how much money Mr. Hevesi owes for his use of a [...]')('2006110', "I normally travel business class between Tokyo and Zurich on Swiss Air, but I am not convinced that they offer the best service with the quality of the sleeper beds. I'd be prepared to travel via Paris, Frankfurt or London if the service was superior. What do you recommend? - Ray Wilkinson, Tokyo. Share your [...]")('2006110', "Here's what editorial boards are saying about candidates in those states.")('2006110', 'Senator Rick Santorum, the Pennsylvania Republican facing a tough challenge from Bob Casey Jr., has put out an ad with a pro wrestling motif that tries to position him as a bipartisan get-things-done guy. He says he "teamed up" with Senator Joe Lieberman to make college more affordable, he worked with Barbara Boxer to write [...]')('2006110', 'If media companies - and especially newspaper companies - are having so much trouble, and facing so much uncertainty, why do private equity firms seem to like them so much? The Economist offers a simple answer. "Public markets," the magazine explains, "love a growth story. Private equity appreciates cash flow." Private-equity firms borrow against the [...]')('2006110', 'Scopitones: the YouTube of yesteryear?')('2006110', 'They\'re baaaaaaaaaack. The pro-Joe Lieberman, anti-Ned Lamont protestors that Mr. Lamont\'s supporters dubbed the "LieberKidz." We last saw them dogging Mr. Lamont during the heated Senate primary, and today they showed up in force at the morning kickoff of Mr. Lamont\'s "Stand Up For Change" bus tour, day two, mobbing the parking lot of a [...]')('2006110', '"Totally awesome" is the assessment of blogger Andrew Parker of a Halloween costume worn by a friend, Brian Staver, whom Mr. Parker identifies as a former employee of the moribund hedge fund Amaranth Advisors. As noted by Dealbreaker.com on Friday, in a photograph on Mr. Parker\'s blog, The Gong Show, Mr. Staver is shown wearing [...]')('2006110', 'Job growth is slowing.')('2006110', "A Senate debate last night was probably more memorable for what it didn't have than what it did. There were no fireworks on TV as Ned and Alan chatted about the course of world affairs. It was all about the issues. But there was no Joe Lieberman. He chose to go to a beer shack [...]")('2006110', 'Nonprofit groups serving as fronts for lobbying firms and bankrolled by foreign entities paid for lavish trips to South Korea and Malaysia for a dozen lawmakers and over 30 Capitol Hill staffers, The Washington Post reports: Some of the lawmakers on the trips were in positions to help other Alexander Strategy clients. [Representative John T.] [...]')('2006110', 'The Dow Jones Industrial average is not the only financial metric that has been hitting new highs. The backlog of banking fees for mergers and acquisitions also continues to mount, hitting its third consecutive monthly record, according to Merrill Lynch analyst Guy Moszkowski. The backlog, which represents fees that investments banks are due to collect [...]')('2006110', "It's one thing for a candidate to be punctual. It's quite another for the candidate to show up early, stay for less time it takes to down a cup of coffee, then leave before the originally scheduled time. But that is exactly what happened Friday morning when Thomas H. Kean Jr., who is running in [...]")('2006110', "The House ethics committee's report on how House leadership handled reports about former Representative Mark Foley's communications with pages will not come out by Election Day.")('2006110', 'Democrats are expecting significant problems at the polls as a result of new voter identification rules in some states.')('2006110', "Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton's breezy reelection campaign is like the dress rehearsal for any politician's performance of a lifetime: the presidential run.")('2006110', 'A New Hampshire poll shows one of its Republican incumbents barely up, the other behind.')('2006110', "The Securities and Exchange Commission, already facing an examination of its efforts to police the nation's securities markets, said Thursday that it brought 9 percent fewer enforcement cases last year. The commission's chairman, Christopher Cox, said the decline stemmed from a temporary dip in its employee numbers, The Washington Post reported. Experts differed on whether [...]")('2006110', 'The Empire Zone\'s Albany branch got a laugh this morning when it found a mock DVD box of "Weekend at Alan\'s" at its desk, courtesy of the State Republican Party. A mock DVD put out today by the State Republican Party. Yes, it\'s a play on that 1989 classic, "Weekend at Bernie\'s," the movie in [...]')('2006110', 'Republicans, especially those based in the White House, are finding lots of silver linings among the political storm clouds, giving them hope that the G.O.P. might hold onto some states that pundits (and some fellow Republicans) have written off.')('2006110', 'More pregame predictions: At Sabato\'s Crystal Ball, Larry Sabato and David Wasserman "cannot identify a single election for Senate, House or Governor in which a Republican is likely to succeed a Democrat in office." They add, "[W]e would probably place the odds of this historical unlikelihood\'s occurrence at no better than 50/50. But the very [...]')('2006110', "Cascade Investment, the private investment vehicle for Microsoft founder Bill Gates, is forming a joint venture with utility operator PNM Resources to create an unregulated energy company. The 50-50-owned joint venture will serve markets in the Southwest, West and Texas, the companies said. Cascade is PNM's second-largest shareholder. Go to Article from The Associated Press [...]")('2006110', "President Bush campaigned for Senator Conrad Burns as part of a smaller, carefully planned campaign tour, and while there are still plenty of faithful, Mr. Bush's reception is not as positive as in the past.")('2006110', 'On this very special pre-election edition of Buzz, we take you back to the snowy days of winter 2004, when Joe Lieberman, once the annointed vice-presidential candidate of the Democratic Party, finished a dismal fifth in the New Hampshire primary. That, says Janny Scott in her in-depth profile of the senator today, explains a lot [...]')('2006110', "First American said Thursday that a special board committee found that the nation's largest title insurer might have improperly backdated stock options granted to executives, The Los Angeles Times reported. As a result, the Santa Ana-based company said that it was delaying filing its third-quarter earnings and that it expected to take a write-down. Go [...]")('2006110', '"Never mind what kind of president Al Gore would have been - he would have been adequate, I suppose, but so would have most Republicans - it is hard now to avoid the conclusion that Bush was precisely the wrong man at the wrong time," writes Newsweek\'s Michael Hirsh. He continues: Perhaps Bush would have [...]')('2006110', "A few weeks ago, J. Christopher Callaghan wasn't even mentioned in the polls. But in a sign of how the Alan Hevesi chauffering scandal has heightened Mr. Callaghan's fortunes, a new Siena poll puts him in a statistical dead heat with Mr. Hevesi in the race for Comptroller. (A NY1/Newsday Poll released last night also [...]")('2006110', 'A few days from Election Day, and the political climate is growing tense for both parties. Democratic officials said they are confident they would win 10 of the 15 seats they needed to reclaim control of the House, but were looking at as many as two dozen other districts to put them over the top. [...]')('2006110', "The new iPod Shuffle officially hits the streets tomorrow. According to Apple, it's the world's smallest MP3 player.")('2006110', 'Jon Stewart and The Daily Show last night wrapped up their week in Columbus Ohio, as part of Indecision 2006: The Midwest Midterm Midtacular. Mr. Stewart addressed, among other things, electronic voting machines, which some say could cause problems and possible disenfranchisement on election.')('2006110', 'A few weeks after a judge ordered Richard Grasso to hand over an unspecified chunk of the pay he received as the head of the New York Stock Exchange, New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer has come up with some actual figures. Mr. Spitzer, who is suing to recover much of the $187.5 million awarded [...]')('2006110', "Questioning the price, timing and many other aspects of the agreement, one of Icos's major shareholders said it plans to vote against the biotechnology firm's proposed $2.1 billion acquisition by Eli Lilly. Hedge fund HealthCor Management, which owns 5 percent of Icos, said in a letter to Icos's board of directors that Icos is worth [...]")('2006110', 'A law is passed to get rid of oversight without the senate noticing.')('2006110', "Tom Cruise's deal to revive United Artists through an arrangement with private-equity-controlled Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer offers a fresh twist on recent trends that have seen investors become directly involved with film producers. Established producers like Joel Silver and Ivan Reitman are among those who have made partnerships with outside investors, allowing them to finance films intended for [...]")('2006110', 'Wall Street is cutting edge when it comes to innovating and monetizing new ideas related to finance. Not so when it comes to women. The rough-and-tumble world of high finance remains among the handful of industries that have not figured out how to retain the top-flight talent they spend bundles to attract. But in one [...]')('2006110', "Ford may add another former Boeing executive to its stables. Jerry Calhoun, Boeing's top labor negotiator and vice president of human resources at the Commercial Airplanes unit, will retire sometime early next year, and is negotiating a consulting arrangement to work with former boss Alan Mulally, now chief executive at Ford, according to press reports. [...]")('2006110', 'One year after two of its former Pennsylvania executives were sentenced to prison, Commerce Bancorp says federal prosecutors in Philadelphia are no longer investigating the company. After "several inquiries" by the office of U.S. Attorney Patrick Meehan in 2004 and 2005, "we were recently advised by the U.S. Attorney\'s Office that it has concluded its [...]')('2006110', "It seems that the first lawsuit brought against YouTube since it agreed to be acquired by Google won't be, as predicted, from angry media companies crying copyright foul. Instead, it looks like it will be from entirely different quarter: the little-known used tube-making industry. Universal Tube & Rollform Equipment is suing YouTube after its web [...]")('2006110', "Donald Trump is feeling pretty good after a judge threw out a $1.3 million lawsuit brought against him by former friend and real estate maven Barbara Corcoran. The decision in the New York State Supreme Court found that Ms. Corcoran's claims for breach of contract were baseless, and granted a reverse summary judgment in favor [...]")('2006110', "Forgent Networks, a company that generates most of its revenue from patent licensing and litigation, has reached an $8 million settlement with some of the technology industry's biggest players over the use of a patent covering the ubiquitous JPEG digital image format. U.S. Patent No. 4,698,672 had been a mainstay for Forgent, bringing in more [...]")('2006110', "Microsoft acknowledged the influence of the Linux operating system on Thursday by striking a deal with Novell, a longtime rival, to ensure that Novell's version of Linux could operate together with Windows in corporate data centers. In an industry known for strange bedfellows, the two companies said they were collaborating on technical development and marketing [...]")('2006110', 'The Duchy of Lancaster, the private estate of the Queen of England, has taken a stake in a new 200 million pound ($382 million) fund dedicated to speculative commercial property development, The Times of London reported. The Queen has invested nearly 10 million pounds from her coffers for the fund set up by Palmer Capital [...]')('2006110', "Institutional Shareholder Services added its voice the growing criticism of management-led buyouts, raising fresh concerns that management buyouts led to conflicts of interest in the wake of yesterday's $1 billion sale of Instinet to Nomura. Edward Nicoll, who led the $207.5 million management buyout of Instinet last December, looked poised to pocket tens of millions [...]")('2006110', 'Three Seattle entrepreneurs are teaming up to get into the hedge fund act. Zillow.com Chief Executive Rich Barton, Second Avenue Partners co-founder Nick Hanauer and Delafield Hambrecht Chief Executive J.D. Delafield are in the early stages of launching a new hedge fund called L1, Mr. Hanauer told an audience Thursday in a talk at the [...]')('2006110', "Dave Duffield, the founder of PeopleSoft who came out of retirement to try to help his company fend off Oracle's hostile takevover, is getting back into the software arena. Mr. Duffield is preparing to launch his latest software company. With the startup, called Workday, Mr. Duffield is making a bold attempt to tackle head-on the [...]")('2006110', 'Super Micro Computer on Thursday registered for an initial public offering of up to $150 million, according to a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The San Jose, Calif.-based maker of server software, which plans to trade on the Nasdaq, will use part of the proceeds to repay loans. Morgan Stanley, Merrill Lynch, UBS [...]')('2006110', 'Shares of satellite communications company Globalstar rose Thursday in their trading debut on the Nasdaq Stock Market. The stock rose 52 cents, or 3 percent, to close Thursday at $17.52. Globalstar sold 7.5 million shares - one million more than originally expected - at an price of $17. Go to Article from The San Jose [...]')('2006110', "Duncan Energy Partners, a Houston-based company that transports and markets natural gas, registered today for an initial public offering, according to a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The company plans to sell 13 million shares and plans to raise up to $313.95 million in the I.P.O. It didn't disclose an estimated price range [...]")('2006110', 'Two former Goldman Sachs executives have beaten a record set by their old firm, raising a tidy 440 million euros ($562 million) in an initial public offering of a hedge fund vehicle. Emmanuel Gavaudan and Emmanuel Boussard, who quit Goldman in 2002 to set up their own hedge fund firm, Boussard and Gavaudan, were inundated [...]')('2006110', "Josef Ackermann, Deutsche Bank's chief executive, today reasserted his innocence in approving hefty pay-offs to Mannesmann directors and spoke out in favor of an Anglo-Saxon-style culture of shareholder value. His comments came on the second day of his re-trial, for breach of fiduciary duty in awarding 57 million euro ($73 million) bonuses to departing executives [...]")('2006110', 'Two senior bond traders at Swiss bank UBS are negotiating the terms of their departure amid a U.S. regulatory investigation of possible manipulation of U.S. Treasury debt prices, the Wall Street Journal reported. Go to Article from Reuters »')('2006110', "Nationwide Financial Services, an Ohio insurance company, is looking to sell the U.S. arm of the former Gartmore Group, six months after selling Gartmore's European hedge fund business. In an about-face, Nationwide said yesterday that it would auction Gartmore Global Investments, after saying earlier this that it would hold on to the U.S. hedge fund. [...]")('2006110', "The board of Euronext is in preliminary talks with the management of LCH.Clearnet to sell the pan-European stock exchange's 41.5 percent stake in the London clearing house back to the company, The Telegraph reported. The newspaper said that under the terms of the possible deal, Euronext would sell back all its shares to LCH for [...]")('2006110', 'Barclays Capital has hired five energy investment bankers. Santino Basile, formerly of WestLB, joins as managing director, and Bill Cassidy, formerly of Banc of America Securities, joins as a director. John Eleoterio and Juan Kreutz join as associate directors from WestLB. Richard Mandery, formerly of Banc of America Securities, also joins as an associate director. [...]')('2006110', 'Tribune, contemplating the sale of itself or its various units, has agreed to sell $84 million worth of assets, according to a regulatory filing yesterday. Tribune sold its corporate jet as well as real estate last month and agreed to sell a stake in the human resources software company BrassRing, it reported in the filing [...]')('2006110', "Oracle has agreed to acquire software provider Stellent in a cash-tender offer for $13.50 per share, or $440 million, the companies said Thursday. The bid represents a 27 percent premium to Stellent's Thursday closing price of $10.62. The deal is expected to close by the end of the year or early 2007. Go to Article [...]")('2006110', "China's banking regulator on Thursday denied reports that a consortium led by Citigroup had won approval to buy control of a Chinese state-owned bank in a $3 billion deal. The chairman of the China Banking Regulatory Commission, Liu Mingkang, said no bid for the financial institution, the Guangdong Development Bank, had been approved by regulators. [...]")('2006110', "Mediaset, the broadcasting company controlled by the family of Italy's former Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi, said Friday that it may bid for a majority stake in German TV broadcaster ProSiebenSat.1. Confirming a report in Italian newspaper Il Messaggero, a Mediaset spokesman told Reuters that the company's board would meet Tuesday to decide whether to go [...]")('2006110', "When is a poison pill good for you? In the case of Mittal Steel, the answer may be right now. The poison pill in question was meant to keep Mittal from buying rival Arcelor. After Mittal's hostile bid in January, Arcelor decided to put Dofasco, its recently acquired Canadian subsidiary, into a Netherlands trust. As [...]")('2006110', "The Federal Communications Commission delayed voting on AT&T's purchase of BellSouth for the third time yesterday as the commissioners remained far apart on what, if any, terms to impose on the $80 billion deal. The commissioners were supposed to vote at a regularly scheduled meeting yesterday. Last month, they delayed votes twice on the deal, [...]")('2006110', 'First off, Donovan McNabb, Steve Smith, Brian Westbrook, Reggie Brown, Chad Pennington, Larry Coles, and Leon Washington will not score one single point this week . . . because they\'re on bye. Heyyyyy-oh! That one never gets old no matter how many times it\'s told. It\'s "The Aristocrats" of fantasy football jokes, right up there [...]')('2006110', 'How much of this is luck? We watch the games, we study the rankings, we read the analysis, we pore over the statistics. We make decisions based on our preparation, drafting players, benching them, starting them. Then a Shaun Alexander breaks his foot. Or a Marques Colston lands in our lap. Or a Tiki Barber [...]')('2006110', "The giddiness surrounding Google's deal to buy YouTube has begun to die down, and some harsh realities seem to be setting in. One of the thorniest aspects of the acquisition - copyright issues related to the millions of clips on YouTube's popular video-sharing service - seems to be causing some angst at YouTube's soon-to-be-owner. The [...]")('2006110', 'In this lesson, students will examine uncommon places where books are sold and create proposals to sell and/or display particular books in local venues.')('2006110', 'Martha Schwendener reviews exhibition Surrealism: Then & Now at Paul Kasmin gallery (M)')('2006110', 'Stephen Holden reviews film Soap, directed by Pernille Fischer Christensen; Trine Dyrholm, David Dencik and Frank Thiel star; photo (M)')('2006110', "Pentagon is reorganizing its public affairs operation in attempt to influence news coverage, amid internal frustration at tone and substance of reporting on Iraq and on Defense Sec Donald H Rumsfeld; it is also stepping up efforts to arrange appearances by department officials on talk radio and cable television, and to recruit 'surrogates' not on dept's payroll to defend its policies; dozen new staff members are working behind newly installed wall in Pentagon's press office; officials claim aim is to more aggressively challenge articles and broadcasts deemed inaccurate (M)")('2006110', 'New York City Mayor Michael R Bloomberg names Campaign for Tobacco-Free Kids, CDC Foundation, Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health, World Health Organization and World Lung Foundation as executors of two-year global antismoking campaign financed with his own money (S)')('2006110', 'Italian Prime Min Romano Prodi says he will send more police officers to quell wave of gang murders in Naples but will not send army troops; photo (S)')('2006110', 'Four letters on Nov 1 articles about Iraq; John Hilberry says that Pres Bush should withdraw American troops if Iraqi government no longer wants them; Ronald Gans says US Central Command in Iraq should comment on its color-coded chaos index for country since decline into chaos there is not secret material; Ilona Torraca says US is in Iraq to increase freedoms of Iraqi people; John Fineberg urges defeat of candidates who dance around question of whether they would have voted for war in Iraq knowing what they know now')('2006110', 'Correction of October 27 article about muskie fishing in Minnesota (S)')('2006110', 'Laura Kern reviews Michael Taylor documentary film The Great Warming (M)')('2006110', 'Roberta Smith reviews works by Nick Cave at Jack Shainman gallery (M)')('2006110', 'Martha Schwendener reviews paintings by Gideon Bok at Plane Space gallery (M)')('2006110', "Buenos Aires opera house Teatro Colon closes for $25 million restoration, despite concerns that 'majestic accoustics' may be damaged; architect Sonia Torreno, who is directing renovations, says that perserving accoustics is paramount; photo (S)")('2006110', 'Photo of some of 100 horses stranded for days on knoll after storm floods area in Netherlands')('2006110', "Excerpts from Frank Bruni reviews of restaurants Boqueria in Chelsea, The Morgan Dining Room at Morgan Library & Museum, Harry's Steak and Cafe in Lower Manhattan and L'Atelier de Joel Robuchon at Four Seasons Hotel; photo (M)")('2006110', 'Holland Cotter reviews International Fine Print Dealers Association Fair at Seventh Regiment Armory; photo (M)')('2006110', 'Back of the Envelope column discusses October surge in merger deals; graph (S)9')('2006110', "M F Horton letter comments on Nov 2 editorial about elephants' ability to recognize themselves in mirror")('2006110', 'Correction of Oct 29 article on Oregon State-Univ of Southern California football game; Oregon State is 5-3 this season')('2006110', "Chart discusses breeders' Cup races; chart; photo (M)")('2006110', "Correction of picture caption with October 20 article about rafting during water releases on Georgia's Chenoah River (S)")('2006110', 'Interview with Steve Slovick about his vacation condominium in Las Vegas, Nev; photos and brief descriptions of condos and homes for sale near casinos around country (M)')('2006110', "Excerpts from Ned Lamont's remarks at town hall meeting near Hartford (S)")('2006110', 'Roberta Smith reviews group show at Bellwether gallery (M)')('2006110', 'Charles Gamble is charged in murders of three people in Columbia, SC; is former boyfriend of one of the victims, and police say killings were result of domestic dispute (S)')('2006110', 'Major League Baseball commissioner Bud Selig discusses opening baseball season in China in coming years (M)')('2006110', 'Correction of Oct 21 obituary about nuclear scientst Alvin M Weinberg regarding his career')('2006110', "Miami Heat coach Pat Riley reflects on team's 42-point loss to Chicago Bulls in season-opener; photo (M)")('2006110', 'Kathleen McShane letter on October 27 article about old house and barn restored by Victoria Wilson')('2006110', 'Correction of October 20 article about bicycling on Cape Cod')('2006110', 'Correction of Nov 25 article on two NASA satellites that will observe Sun in three dimensions, regarding affiliation of one mission scientists mentioned')('2006110', "New York Mets general manager Omar Minaya says he will evaluate team's priorities during off-season (S)")('2006110', 'Correction of Oct 31 article on Pres Bush campaigning for Congressional candidates in Texas; name of Tom DeLay, who resigned from Congress and faces charges involving campaign finance violations, is not on ballot; Republican Party backs Shelley Sekula-Gibbs as write-in candidate')('2006110', "Four letters comment on Thomas L Friedman's Nov 1 column about taxicab ride that pointed up technology's threat to communication; Jack Nargundkar says despite advances in communications technology we still do not seem to really be talking to each other; Gerald Gura hopes Friedman did not tip rude and unsafe taxi driver; Art Gardenswarz says we should be turning off gadgets and turning on connection to people and nature; Paul Weissman says that as someone who forswears headphones, he may be out of step with world but he is at least in touch with it; drawing")('2006110', 'Roberta Smith reviews paintings by Xylor Jane at Canada gallery (M)')('2006110', "Tight Senate race in Virginia between Sen George Allen and Democratic challenger Jim Webb may be decided by how women vote; both candidates have high-profile Virginia women campaigning on their behalf, Mary Matalin for Allen and Lynda Robb for Webb; battle for female vote began when Allen campaign took aim at Webb's argument 30 years ago against women in combat and admission of women to Naval Academy; Allen's campaign recently introduced new issue seemingly tailored for women, novels Webb has written that Allen claims include sexually explicit scenes and 'chauvinistic attitudes'; Webb's allies note books are works of fiction and have been widely acclaimed by Sen John McCain, among others; analysts say Allen's attacks help explain why recent polls show Webb and Allen running close among women; find it equally striking that Webb is neck and neck with Allen among men, which is unusual for Democrat; photos; chart; excerpts from campaign speeches by Allen and Webb (M)")('2006110', 'Talent agency giant International Creative Management will sell classical music division to top managers and Chicago printing and media company Newsweb; sale comes after deal between ICM and IMG Artists collapsed last summer (S)')('2006110', 'Manohla Dargis reviews film The Santa Clause 3: The Escape Clause, directed by Michael Lembeck; Tim Allen and Martin Short star; photo (M)')('2006110', 'Correction of picture caption with October 27 article about trail connecting ice age sites in Wisconsin (S)')('2006110', "Correction of Oct 31 article on effort to save Hawaiian monk seals; Pres Bush did not prohibit fishing where species' largest subpopulation lives, but said it would be phased out over five years")('2006110', "Michael Tilson Thomas, music director of San Francisco Symphony, is creative force behind $23 million, five-year project titled Keeping Score; project is comprised of series of PBS television shows, interactive Web site, series of radio broadcasts, documentary and live performance DVD's and program for public schools; Thomas was inspired to use television and other mediums to bring music education to public by Leonard Bernstein's televised Young People's Concerts; photo (M)")('2006110', 'Photo of New York Mets infielder David Wright playing in exhibition game in Japan')('2006110', 'Federal Bureau of Labor Statistics says New York City employment showed increase in jobs to 8.44 million in September, highest level for that month since 1990 (S)')('2006110', 'New York Yankees will decide whether to exercise options on Gary Sheffield, Mike Mussina and Jaret Wright (M)')('2006110', 'Prime-time sitcoms on all major networks post low levels of viewers for Wednesday night (S)')('2006110', 'Canadian undercover Police Officer Paul Krawczyk witnesses sexual assault of child on Internet; unidentified assailant is arrested on charges of sexual assault and making child pornography (S)')('2006110', "Correction of Nov 2 Political Memo article on fallout for Sen John Kerry over his self-described 'botched joke,' regarding differences between prepared remarks and what he acutally said about Iraq war")('2006110', "Correction of Nov 31 article on Rep Curt Weldon's ties to Italian weapons manufacturer; its subsidiary's new plant is not in Weldon's Congressional district in Pennsylvania")('2006110', 'New York Mets pitcher Mike Pelfrey is taken out of Fall League game because of soreness (S)')('2006110', 'Correction of Oct 31 article on Boulder, Colo, as training base for runners, regarding nationality of one marathoner quoted')('2006110', 'Sara Mayeux letter on two Nov 2 articles asks how Iran can expect to entice Western tourists while sponsoring Holocaust cartoon contest')('2006110', 'Rep Rush Holt letter deplores failure of House and Senate leadership to take up legislation he proposed with Sen Barak Obama that would impose harsh criminal penalties for knowingly deceiving or intimidating voters in ways described in Oct 27 article about disillusionment among black voters')('2006110', 'Richard Sandomir TV Sports column discusses new online viewing opportunity for New York City Marathon, where users can track progress of up to five runners (S)')('2006110', 'Correction of Oct 27 article on shooting of police sergeant who stopped man from killing another in Fort Greene, Brooklyn; Councilwoman Letitia James blamed violence on drug turf war')('2006110', 'Inside Art Column will return next Friday (S)')('2006110', 'Laura Kern reviews film Unknown, directed by Simon Brand; Jim Caviezel, Greg Kinnear, Joe Pantoliano, Barry Pepper and Jeremy Sisto star (M)')('2006110', 'Correction of Nov 1 obituary about P W Botha, former South African prime minister, regarding year his first wife died')('2006110', "Seven letters comment on Nov 2 editorial and news article on Pres Bush and John Kerry; Patricia A Weller, Stan Seltzer, Robert Pratt, Russ Weiss, and Steve Turner agree that Pres Bush's refusal to admit mistakes about Iraq is greater problem for troops than Kerry's poorly worded joke; Ellen Sandhaus and Mark Oromaner say Bush's appearance on Rush Limbaugh's radio program was disturbing")('2006110', "Photo of protest by relatives of victims of World Trade Center terrorist attacks over New York City's handling of search for remains")('2006110', 'Correction of Nov 1 article on televised interview with Sheik Hassan Nasrallah, leader of militant group Hezbollah; two Israeli soldiers were captured on July 12, not in June')('2006110', 'Jeffrey Kastner reviews paintings by Fred Tomaselli at James Cohan Gallery (M)')('2006110', "(A weekly look at favorable matchups) Minor Hiccup For all the nation to see on Monday night, Vikings running back CHESTER TAYLOR did not deliver on the promise of his season so far. That had more to do with his team's early deficit than with Taylor, who is on a pace for nearly 1,400 yards [...]")('2006110', 'We are confused. We know that Vice President Dick Cheney is a big fan of Senator Joe Lieberman, because he keeps saying so. On the other hand, we think he may have it in for the guy, because of precisely how he says what he thinks about Mr. Lieberman, and when he says it. Today, [...]')('2006110', 'Another update to the Senate map, this time in Montana.')('2006110', "A top Spitzer aide faces a Buffalopundit.] The NY1/Newsday poll says what you'd expect about Spitzer, Cuomo, et al. The presidential speeches tag cloud is pretty cool. [Metafilter.] And so is the idea of chocolate sushi. No politics tie-in, though - an Election Night snack? [boingboing.]")('2006110', 'G.O.P. leaders are "increasingly resigned to losing at least 15 seats and therefore control of the House," write Adam Nagourney and Robin Toner in their latest opus.')('2006110', '"We are not with Borat, please," said Marianna Kurnossova, looking as though it were something she had said often in the past few days. Ms. Kurnossova is a producer and translator for a Kazakhstan television crew covering the United States midterm elections on a grant from the State Department. Not entirely beknownst to her, she [...]')('2006110', 'Sure, there was a campaign to be waged. But, for a moment this afternoon Senator Bob Menendez took a moment to stop and strut his stuff. At a rally for Hispanic voters at a supermarket parking lot in Hackensack, Mr. Menendez emerged from his car and strolled into the handshakes and hugs of supporters. A [...]')('2006110', "That's the thinking about New Jersey over at The Caucus, the national political blog, which notes a change today in ourSenate tracking map, based on Senator Bob Menendez's consistent lead in recent polls over the Republican, State Senator Tom Kean Jr. The race had been listed as a toss-up. Ben Werschkul explains what that means [...]")('2006110', 'Al Gore is not a fan of Thomas H. Kean Jr. The Al Gore, that is, who bumped into Mr. Kean, the Republican candidate for U.S. Senate, at a Wal-Mart in Newton, N.J., on Saturday morning. The Al Gore who is an ardent 77-year-old Republican from New Jersey, and says that Mr. Kean is "a [...]')('2006110', 'That\'s the assessment of Michael Cooper in our Albany bureau, writing about the report by an adviser to Gov. George E. Pataki that there there was a "valid legal basis" to remove State Comptroller Alan G. Hevesi from office "but stopped short of actually recommending his removal because of lingering uncertainties about how the process [...]')('2006110', "The Times posted the full text [pdf] of David N. Kelley's 24-page report on State Comptroller Alan G. Hevesi.")('2006110', 'This just in. Over on the Senate map, we made one more change to the New Jersey Senate race.')('2006110', 'Republicans are using the new unemployment rates-the lowest since May 2001-to tout their economic record and take the focus off Iraq.')('2006110', 'The office of Gov. George E. Pataki has released a report by Special Counsel David Kelley, who was asked to determine what Mr. Pataki should do about the State Ethics Commission findings against State Comptroller Alan G. Hevesi. In the 24-page report, Mr. Kelley says there\'s "a valid legal basis" for removing Mr. Hevesi from [...]')('2006110', 'Top party officials make the rounds of the talk shows on the final Sunday before Election Day.')('2006110', 'Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Company secretly made a $50 billion bid last month for Vivendi, the French entertainment and telecommunications company, according to people involved in the talks.')('2006110', "With control of the U.S. House in the balance, Raymond Hernandez surveys the state of play and harsh rhretoric in several of the region's congressional races where Republican incumbents are facing tough challenges. Control of the Senate could hinge on the race in an unexpected blue-state battleground: Senator Bob Menendez and Tom Kean Jr.'s battle [...]")('2006110', 'A trip through all sorts of change to the Election Map and a look at some House districts to watch on election-night.')('2006110', 'Gay marriage bans on state ballots had, some experts argue, a major impact on the 2004 election, and eight more states now have related referenda.')('2006110', "(Weekly suggested reading) The 1972 Dolphins seem as if they need a life. John McFarland gives his Week 9 start 'em-sit 'em. Rich Cimini of The Daily News on Curtis Martin, the man. Will Peterson is now William James? Paul Domowitch of The Philadelphia Daily News says it's a trend. There's going to be a [...]")('2006110', "Polish press photographers are briefly barred from taking pictures of Prime Min Jaroslaw Kaczynski's profile; government spokesman rejects assumptions that Kaczynski is trying to hide his double chin; photo (S)")('2006110', "Anti-Defamation League national chmn Glen S Lewy letter disagrees with Ahmed Yousef's Nov 1 Op-Ed article contending that Hamas should be trusted because of its religious beliefs; says Hamas has distorted religion in most abhorrent ways")('2006110', 'Photo of Miami Heat win against New Jersey Nets')('2006110', 'Nov 2 article about soundproofing apartment gave incorrect telephone number for company that sells felt that can be attached to walls to muffle sound')('2006110', "Sen Lincoln Chafee is moderate Republican who is often at odds with national party; this has served him well in Rhode Island, where Democrats are three times as numerous as Republicans; Sheldon Whitehouse, Democratic challenger, tells voters to forget Chafee's moderate-to-liberal voting record; says what counts is that he is Republican, and Republicans should no longer be in power in Washington; photos (M)")('2006110', 'Nov 1 article about largest skateboard ramp in world misstated site of first Mega Ramp conceived and built by Danny Way in 2002; it was in Aguanga, Calif')('2006110', 'Correction on Nov 2 obituary about novelist William Styron, concerns site of prepatory school he attended')('2006110', 'Rapper Kanye West storms stage at MTV Europe Music Awards in Copenhagen after he fails to win prize for best video; best video award goes to French electronic duo Justice, best pop and male performance awards go to Justin Timberlake, best female artist award goes to Christina Aguilera, best alternative group award goes to Muse, R&B award goes to Rihanna and best group award goes to Depeche Mode; photo (S)')('2006110', 'Week of college football discussed; photo (M)')('2006110', 'Nov 3 picture caption with obituary about Broadway costume designer who won six Tony Awards misstated her surname at one point; she was Florence Klotz')('2006110', 'Eileen Pollock humorous letter says she uses hand sanitizer after shaking hands with politicians to prevent them from contaminating her with their germs (Oct 28 article)')('2006110', "Thirty six states will elect governors on Nov 7; Democratic candidates are expected to fare better than Republicans; political scholars and party strategists say governors' races usually focus on state-centered issues and are often out of sync with broader national trends; sampling of races; photos (M)")('2006110', "Americans are increasingly choosing consumer-directed health plans in annual benefits enrollment process; plans offer lower monthly premiums in exchange for higher annual deductibles but carry more risk than conventional coverage; effects on overall quality of healthcare and individual patient's health are unknown; large businesses are being cautious in offering programs that may end up being worse for employees in long-term; only 7 percent of employers that offer health benefits offered consumer-directed plans in 2006; photos (M)")('2006110', 'Oct 29 article about new guidelines drafted by Roman Catholic bishops for ministry to gay people referred incompletely to previous document directed primarily at parents with gay children')('2006110', "Six letters respond to Thomas L Friedman Nov 3 Op-Ed column criticizing Bush administration for its failure in Iraq; Bevis Longstreth says political corruption and incompetence in Bush era is draining country of its heart and soul; Ed Rankin says that perhaps midterm elections will demonstrate that Americans are finally waking up, but it has taken far too long, and countless have died in vain; Rita C Tobin says Bush administration's tactics have failed in combating our enemies; Stephen Ware says what Democrats lack is what Friedman's column has in abundance--direct retort to GOP's campaign strategy, free of ambiguity, evasion and deception; Cornellia Schmidt notes that Defense Sec Donald H Rumsfeld, in answer to question about chaos in Iraq, advised Americans to back off and relax; Brett Smith urges Americans to send signal to Washington on Nov 7 that we are not as stupid as Karl Rove thinks we are")('2006110', 'Photo shows friends and family members at funeral of California firefighter Jason McKay')('2006110', 'Oct 25 article about Stewart International Airport, which some aviation officials want to develop into fourth major airport in New York metropolitan area, referred imprecisely to Stewart and to National Express Group, private company that took it over in 2000')('2006110', 'Democratic Party in New Jersey says it will launch one of largest get-out-the-vote efforts in years for Sen Robert Menendez in his battle against Republican challenger Thomas H Kean Jr; major focus will be in Bergen County, which is considered swing county with higher rates of voter participation than many other counties, and is home to potent Republican force; photos (M)')('2006110', 'New York City Marathon contenders discussed; map (M)')('2006110', 'Nov 3 article about campaign stop by Pres Bush in Billings, Mont, gave incorrect spelling for surname of sailor from Billings who was killed in Iraq; he was Petty Officer Second Class Chuck Komppa')('2006110', "Celebrities in this year's New York City Marathon discussed; photos (S)")('2006110', 'Ron Meyers letter contends that as new presidential cycle begins, we should speak frankly about kind of intellectual sophistication presidency requires--which Sen Barack Obama appears to have, and which Pres Bush sorely lacks (Maureen Dowd Nov 1 Op-Ed column)')('2006110', 'Le Figaro poll shows that popularity of Jean-Marie Le Pen, leader of far-right National Front, has sharply risen ahead of presidential election set for April (S)')('2006110', 'Andy Webster reviews film Umrao Jaan, directed by J P Dutta; Aishwarya Rai stars (M)')('2006110', "Russia submits broad revision of UN draft resolution designed to curb Iran's nuclear program, and US promises counterproposals, causing talks on subject into increasing doubt and delay; Russia has expressed concern about nuclear Iran, but it objects to imposing sanctions (M)")('2006110', "Oct 24 report about doctor's proposal to medical society that cellphone users include 'in case of emergency' entry in their list of stored numbers, misstated society's name; it is American College of Emergency Physicians (S)")('2006110', 'Correction on Nov 3 review of play Grey Gardens concerns relationship of one of its characters to Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis')('2006110', 'Nine-time New York City Marathon winner Grete Waitz meets Lance Armstrong, whom she says helped her in fight against cancer; photo (M)')('2006110', "Christopher Wheeldon, New York City Ballet's resident choreographer, says he will leave company when his contract expires in 2008 to give himself time for other projects (S)")('2006110', 'Nov 3 article about soldier kidnapped in Iraq misstated number of his siblings; Specialist Ahmed Kousay al-Taie is third of five brothers')('2006110', 'Editorial slated to appear in four newspapers aimed at military readers calls for Defense Sec Donald H Rumsfeld to be replaced because his strategy has failed in Iraq and his ability to lead is compromised; editorial will run in Army Times, Air Force Times, Navy Times and Marine Corps Times (S)')('2006110', "Top men and women in this year's New York City Marathon discussed; photos (M)")('2006110', "Correction on Nov 2 article about John F Welch Jr; his first book, Straight From the Gut, was on New York Times's nonfiction best-seller list for six months")('2006110', 'Correction on Nov 3 obituary about Rogerio Duprat; he died in Sao Paulo, Brazil')('2006110', 'Federal officials say that two weeks before government shut down Web site holding archive of Iraqi documents captured during war, scientists at Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory complained that papers on site contained sensitive nuclear information; two documents were quickly removed; Bush administration set up Web site last March at urging of Congressional Republicans, who said documents could increase understanding of danger posed by Saddam Hussein; among documents posted were roughly dozen that nuclear weapons experts said constituted basic guide to building atomic bomb (M)')('2006110', 'Letters from Alison Lazarus, Elizabeth Kaneko, Judith Pollack Meyer and Anne Wolfson respond to Nov 1 article about working mothers who travel on business; Wendy M Wolf says articles about traveling mothers and about schools in post-Katrina New Orleans tell us lot about growing gulf in possibilities for different kinds of American families; drawing')('2006110', 'Two letters respond to Nov 2 article about Petty Officer Third Class Dustin E Kirby, trauma medic in Iraq; Dr Enrique Spindel says he cried in solitude when he read article; Humane Society of US vice pres Martin L Stephens criticizes military for seriously wounding live animals in practice exercises')('2006110', "The author answers readers' comments with a strenuous defense of the politics-free classroom.")('2006110', "With the campaign season almost over, we asked reporters and editors involved in coverage of the metro region's political campaigns to name the hightlights. Readers are invited to submit their own below. Winners will be selected on Tuesday by a specially programmed Diebold chuckle counter. Best Score in a Campaign Ad The Beastie Boys, in [...]")('2006110', "In the Connecticut race, Senator Joe Lieberman is on track to outspend Ned Lamont, whose family wealth is valued at somewhere north of $90 million. That's based on the campaigns' most recent filings with the Federal Election Commission, linked above, which show the senator's campaign has raised $15.6 million to Mr. Lamont's $13.9 million. It [...]")('2006110', 'When was the last time a State Senate candidate got so much star power to turn out on the Sunday before an election? (Shiho Fukada for The New York Times) At a rally this afternoon at a packed Yonkers hotel, former President Bill Clinton, Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton and Eliot Spitzer, David Paterson and Andrew [...]')('2006110', 'A new Siena Poll shows a dead heat between Representative John Sweeney and his challenger, Kirsten Gillibriand. The two sides have put out responses. Summary: Polls capture a moment in time, the only poll that matters is etc. [Capitol Confidential.] Democrats were happy to see Tim Russert put Congressman Tom Reynolds of Buffalo - the [...]')('2006110', 'Every campaign these days has a theme song. Senator Robert Menendez of New Jersey has "I Won\'t Back Down" by Tom Petty. It has blared from sound system at senior centers and schools across the state in recent days, wherever Mr. Menendez enters the room. On Sunday morning, for the first time in the campaign, [...]')('2006110', "At a campaign stop in Harlem today, Senate Minority Leader David L. Paterson - who is running for Lieutenant Governor as Eliot Spitzer's running mate - had this to say about the new report by David Kelley, the former federal prosecutor assigned by Gov. George E. Pataki to look into the possibility of removing Comptroller [...]")('2006110', 'We reported yesterday that the Lieberman campaign had backed away from the remarks Vice President Cheney made in an ABC interview suggesting that Senator Joe Lieberman\'s defeat by an anti-war candidate in the Democratic primary was a sign to Iraqi insurgents that "their strategy is working" [YouTube]. With the boss observing the Sabbath and unable [...]')('2006110', "The effort to digest a few thing post-season continues. Perhaps rightfully, the statistic that says that Fernando Alonso is the youngest double world champion in Formula One history has been overshadowed by the barrage of stories about the post Michael Schumacher age – or rather, the retrospectives on Schumacher's career. No wonder Luca Cordero di [...]")('2006110', 'In the wake of MSNBC/McClatchy polls that show trailing Republicans catching up in key Senate races, The Washington Post gives way to grandiose visions of a possible Democratic takeover of both Houses of Congress.')('2006110', 'Last night, members of Ned Lamont\'s Senate campaign staff were enjoying a nightcap at a hotel bar near their Meriden headquarters. The TV was playing a recap of Mr. Lamont\'s end-of-day rally in New Haven, where the candidate took to the stage to the tune of Survivor\'s "Eye of the Tiger," the "Rocky III" theme [...]')('2006110', 'In a county where nearly 1 in 4 voters is retirement age, social security is bound to be a topic of serious interest. So when Tom Kean Jr. traveled to Cape May Court House, in the heart of Cape May County at the southern tip of New Jersey, his audience hung on every word as [...]')('2006110', 'Would it be wrong to admit he misses his playmates from the Bagger treehouse?')('2006110', 'The Best Actress Oscar curse lives on.')('2006110', "Leave it to the brother's Weinstein to find a gang of thug sheep who are willing to kill to get into the movies.")('2006110', "The Albany Times Union editorial page endorsed Alan Hevesi for re-election as state comptroller this morning, prompting some senior Republicans to scoff at that capital region paper's rep for having a reform-minded agenda. Republicans were frustrated because they were hoping that their candidate for comptroller, Chris Callaghan, would win the endorsement and use it to [...]")('2006110', 'Click "Read more" to review the play-by-play and commentary on the Giants\' victory against visiting Houston as it was typed in live. Final update: Washington beats Dallas, 22-19, on a game-ending 47-yard field goal from Nick Novak after a Mike Vanderjagt attempt was blocked and returned with six seconds left. The Giants control the division [...]')('2006110', "It's a bit slow these days inside the Derby, Conn., campaign headquarters of Alan Schlesinger, the Republican candidate for Senate, based on this eyewitness account: Alan Schlesinger (Bob Child/The Associated Press.) When Belinda, Deanna and I first entered the office, we expected to be overwhelmed with noise. Phones ringing off the hook. Volunteers bustling about [...]")('2006110', "As the race for the United States Senate in New Jersey enters its final 72 hours, it is becoming increasing clear that undecided voters might play a crucial role in Tuesday's vote. And early Sunday morning, Republican Tom Kean Jr. was out among them, shaking hands working tables at a Rotary Club breakfast in Hamilton. [...]")('2006110', 'The Tennessee Senate race reaches its final days.')('2006110', 'Writing from Connecticut, Nicholas Confessore and Jennifer Medina examine the contrasting campaign styles of Ned Lamont and Senator Joe Lieberman. And Sam Roberts looks at social ties between the Lamonts and the Bushes. W\'s uncle, Prescott Bush Jr., says: "I\'ve known Ned for a very long time, and he\'s a very nice guy." Jonathan S. [...]')('2006110', 'Prospective 2008 presidential candidates have been unable to fill all the requests from candidates desperately seeking surrogates.')('2006110', 'The effort by the Democratic candidate for the House seems to be paying off.')('2006110', 'James Webb, the Democrat, is doing well, endorsement-wise, in his base of northern Virginia, as well as in the bellwether Hampton Roads region.')('2006110', "All the talk is about Bears-Giants next Sunday night, but there is a Giants game today, at 1 p.m. Eastern, and you're invited to join us here (in the post above) as we track it live. The Giants obviously don't want to look past Houston and ahead to Chicago, but that's something for Tom Coughlin [...]")('2006110', "Restaurants opening in New York's West Village include Morandi, redone Waverly Inn and Cafe Cluny; photos (M)")('2006110', 'Manhattanville College in Purchase, NY, opens new environmental park, with classroom building designed by Maya Lin; photos (S)')('2006110', 'Jury is chosen nearly seven years after fire at Seton Hall University killed three students and injured dozens more; students Joseph Lepore and Sean Ryan are accused of setting fire in dorm lounge (S)')('2006110', "Article describes Paz Vega's performance in new film 10 Items Or Less; photo (M)")('2006110', 'Michael Winerip Parenting column on ways in which his oldest son, Ben, now off to college, differed from his younger children; drawing (M)')('2006110', 'Benjamin Genocchio reviews works by contemporary artists at National Newark Building in Newark, NJ; photos (M)')('2006110', "Tanya Krupat and John Jay College's Prisoner Re-entry Institute director Debbie A Muckamal letters on October 29 article on Alan Newton, who spent 22 years in prison for crime he did not commit")('2006110', 'Simon Winchester travel article on visit to Ajanta Caves, ancient Buddhist monument made up of series highly decorated caves carved deep into sheer face of horseshoe-shaped volcanic rock cliff a few miles from old walled town of Ajanta, India; photos; map (L)')('2006110', "Several Democratic Congressional candidates are actively courting religious voters, including theologically conservative Christians; results may determine party's chances of making incursions into this part of Republican base (M)")('2006110', 'James Schaefer letter points out that Bob Harris and Robert Harris appear on adjacent pages of Oct 22 Book Review and asks if they are related; editor replies that they are not')('2006110', 'Katie Rama comments on mechanical bull ride her son, William, 8, enjoyed while visiting Cody, Wyoming; photo (M)')('2006110', 'John Goodman and Bob Schroeder letters on October 29 article on planned demolition of first Carvel store in Hartsdale, NY')('2006110', 'Correction of October 22 Cultured Traveler column about D H Lawrence in Taos, NM (S)')('2006110', 'Correction; Oct 29 Streetscapes article about Louis Comfort Tiffany mansion misstated name of author cited')('2006110', 'The Week column; Connecticut Secretary of State Susan Bysiewicz says record 1.94 million voters are registered for coming elections; says 86,124 new voters registered after May 1; Joanne Nesti, signature anchorwoman on evening newscasts at WVIT-TV in Connecticut, announces she will resign in December; photo (M)')('2006110', 'Joanna Beaulieu letter on Oct 29 article says reasonable debate over political issues is surest path to reasonable solutions')('2006110', 'James Kindall Home Work essay on kinship he has formed with his tools and home improvement surpluses that he simply cannot part with; drawing (M)')('2006110', "Correction of Oct 29 review of book of Jessica Mitford's letters")('2006110', 'Laurie Gigliotti letter on Oct 29 article says Democrats are not tolerant when she admits to being Republican')('2006110', 'M H Reed reviews Tengda Asian Bistro in Katonah, NY; photos (M)')('2006110', "Article explores issue of whether gigantic wind turbines, five of which are already in operation in pilot project along coastline of Atlantic City, NJ, will be embraced elsewhere in New York metropolitan region; 40-turbine project being considered off Long Island's South Shore is facing stiff resistance from opponents who argue that it will hinder views, fail to be cost effective and create environmental problems; upstate New York has large wind farms but experts say winds off Connecticut and Long Island Sound are too weak for commercial wind farms; photos; map (L)")('2006110', 'James Kindall Home Work essay on kinship he has formed with his tools and home improvement surpluses that he simply cannot part with; drawing (M)')('2006110', 'Week of NFL matchups discussed; photos (M)')('2006110', 'Photo of ultranationalist anti-immigration demonstrators in Moscow perched atop statue of Leo Tolstoy')('2006110', 'Joseph Berger column on angry reaction of some Cablevision customers in parts of New York City metropolitan area who are now being charged extra for Turner Classic Movies channel, which used to be included in basic cable; photo (M)')('2006110', 'Matchup between Houston Texans and New York Giants discussed; photo (S)')('2006110', 'Article on new seven DVD set of films directed by Preston Sturges; photo (M)')('2006110', 'Upcoming NFL games discussed; photos (M)')('2006110', 'Prospective 2008 presidential candidates from each party are crisscrossing country to support candidates anxious for surrogate for unpopular Pres Bush; sought-after candidates include Republicans Sen John McCain, Gov Mitt Romney and Rudolph W Giuliani and Democrats Sens Evan Bayh, Hillary Rodham Clinton and Barack Obama and former Sen John Edwards (S)')('2006110', 'Op-Ed article by funeral director Thomas Lynch on recent discovery of bones at World Trade Center site; describes difficulties of coping with reality of those who have disappeared without a trace, anywhere around world for whatever reason (M)')('2006110', 'James Kindall Home Work essay on kinship he has formed with his tools and home improvement surpluses that he simply cannot part with; drawing (M)')('2006110', 'Arrestor bed--ground-level platform made of aerated concrete--is installed at Teterboro Airport in New Jersey, averting potential accident involving taxiing aircraft only four days later; National Transportation Safety Board cites pilot fueling error as reason for fatal February 2, 2005, accident at Teterboro; photo (M)')('2006110', "Letter from certified flight instructor Jeffrey Geibel disputes assertion that learning to fly 'isn't all that difficult' (October 29 article) (S)")('2006110', 'Gerald M Levitis and William Faris letters comment on Jim Holt Oct 22 review of Richard Dawkins book The God Delusion')('2006110', 'Democrats in Ohio and Michigan have recruited through consulting firm Common Good Strategies nearly two dozen nuns in each state to call list of frequent Catholic or Protestant churchgoers who oppose abortion; nuns in Ohio announce themselves as nuns calling on behalf of gubernatorial campaign of Rep Ted Strickland and Senate campaign of Rep Sherrod Brown; many nuns calling Catholics in Michigan omit title sister to steer clear of rules barring political activity by tax-exempt groups (S)')('2006110', 'First annual Hudson Valley Restaurant Week, in which more than 70 restaurants will participate, will begin on November 6 (Quick Bite column) (S)')('2006110', 'Michael M Sinclair letter on Oct 29 article says his family, Democrats, no longer discuss politics with their grandparents, who are Republicans')('2006110', 'Correction; Oct 29 Living In article on Paterson, NJ, referred incorrectly to two streets cited')('2006110', "Correction of misspelled name of artist Aaron Hotchkiss in credit for illustration with Oct 15 review of Chris Adrian's book The Children's Hospital")('2006110', 'Op-Ed article by funeral director Thomas Lynch on recent discovery of bones at World Trade Center site; discusses difficulties of coping with reality of those who have disappeared without trace, anywhere around world for whatever reason (M)')('2006110', "Pat Robinson letter comments on Michael Pollan's Oct 15 article on outbreak of bacterial infections linked to bagged spinach and safety of America's fruit and vegetable supply")('2006110', "Seth Beckhardt letter contends that skateboarder Bob Burnquist could have spent his money on less indulgent pursuit than building world's largest skateboard ramp (S)")('2006110', 'Michael Winerip Parenting column on ways in which his oldest son, Ben, now off to college, differed from his younger children; drawing (M)')('2006110', 'Alan Yau, whose Michelin-starred restaurants in London have redefined image of Asian restaurant, is set to open his first restaurant in US, Park Chinois in Gramercy Park Hotel; photo (S)')('2006110', "Elizabeth Rubin's Oct 22 article on resurgence of Taliban in Afghanistan prompts letters from Tom Miller, Rob Schultheis and Peter A Olsson")('2006110', 'Restaurants Momofuku, Avec and Tableau reveal songs they play the most (S)')('2006110', 'Correction of October 22 article about reopening of Russian Tea Room restaurant (S)')('2006110', 'John Martin Taylor letter comments on Oct 4 article on salted sweets')('2006110', 'Article on Bayles Boat Shed project for Long Island Seaport and Eco Center in Port Jefferson, NY; most of workers who are building $250,000 shed are volunteers from Timber Framers Guild; center, which will open to public in summer 2007, will be used to teach boat-building and hold maritime educational programs; photos (M)')('2006110', "Olive oil takes center stage at Tano Simonato's restaurant in Milan, Tano Passami l'Olio (Tano, pass me the oil); photo (S)")('2006110', 'State legislature elections in Pennsylvania, Ohio, Michigan and Wisconsin are being watched as indicators of potential Democratic power in Congressional elections; they are all Republican strongholds with mixed political climates and places that Democrats hope to make gains (M)')('2006110', 'List of films scheduled to be released on DVD this fall; photo (M)')('2006110', 'Arrestor bed--ground-level platform made of aerated concrete--is installed at Teterboro Airport in New Jersey, averting potential accident involving taxiing aircraft only four days later; National Transportation Safety Board cites pilot fueling error as reason for fatal February 2, 2005 accident at Teterboro; photo (M)')('2006110', 'Steven Vasil letter on Oct 22 article about Eric Steel documentary showing Golden Gate Bridge attempted suicides')('2006110', 'Letters: News About Media')('2006110', 'Sara Yood letter on Oct 29 article says it is more fun to date someone who will actually argue back over politics')('2006110', "Political analysts are watching Congressional elections to see whether 'netroots'--amalgam of bloggers and online fund-raisers--will tip balance in Congress; close races and their Internet campaign efforts cited (M)")('2006110', 'Photo of Pennsylvania State University football coach Joe Paterno, whose team lost to Wisconsin University')('2006110', 'Correction of Oct 22 article about 2006 midterm elections')('2006110', 'Garett Auriemma letter on Oct 29 article about television series with complex plots and season-long story arcs')('2006110', 'Food is subject of art of Jason Walker, Jeff Vespa and Liz Hickok; photos (S)')('2006110', 'Editorial suggests New Yorkers remember acronym RADS when voting for candidates for state Assembly and Senate this weekend--Republicans for Assembly, Democrats for Senate')('2006110', 'Editorial alerts New York voters to shell game by which smaller political parties automatically qualify to run candidates in every single race for next four years if candidate they endorse for governor garners 50,000 votes')('2006110', "Couse Foundation president Alan J Olson letter on Henry Shukman's October 22 travel article about D H Lawrence's New Mexico; notes artists' colony in Taos was founded by members of Taos Society of Artists")('2006110', "Article explores issue of whether gigantic wind turbines, five of which are already in operation in pilot project along coastline of Atlantic City, NJ, will be embraced elsewhere in New York metropolitan region; 40-turbine project being considered off Long Island's South Shore is facing stiff resistance from opponents who argue that it will hinder views, fail to be cost effective and create environmental problems; upstate New York has large wind farms but experts say winds off Connecticut and Long Island Sound are too weak for commercial wind farms; photos; map (L)")('2006110', 'Letter from Ruth W Messinger, president of American Jewish World Service, says best solution to child labor in Africa (Oct 29 article) is microcredit and vocational training for adults')('2006110', 'Correction: Oct 29 article about growing tendency to blame obesity for range of societal problems misattributed journal that published letter about how much extra fuel airlines use carrying fatter Americans; article also misspelled name of political science professor quoted')('2006110', 'Correction: Oct 29 article about lack of confidence of Iraqis in ability of United States to provide security misidentified American soldier cited')('2006110', "Article explores issue of whether gigantic wind turbines, five of which are already in operation in pilot project along coastline of Atlantic City, NJ, will be embraced elsewhere in New York metropolitan region; 40-turbine project being considered off Long Island's South Shore is facing stiff resistance from opponents who argue that it will hinder views, fail to be cost effective and create environmental problems; upstate New York has large wind farms but experts say winds off Connecticut and Long Island Sound are too weak for commercial wind farms; photos; map (L)")('2006110', 'Robert Ballard, who discovered Titanic in 1985, Mashantucket Pequot Museum and Research Center and and Universities of Connecticut and Rhode Island announce details of multiyear expedition to find evidence of ancient settlements off coasts of Connecticut, Long Island and New Jersey and as far south as Gulf of Mexico; photo (M)')('2006110', 'Op-Ed article by funeral director Thomas Lynch on recent discovery of bones at World Trade Center site; discusses difficulties of coping with reality of those who have disappeared without trace, anywhere around world for whatever reason (M)')('2006110', "Five letters comment on Rev James Martin Nov 1 Op-Ed article on Mother Theodore Guerin, newly named Catholic saint; Michael F Rosinski disagrees with Martin's suggestion that to oppose authority is usually right approach; Peter Gilmour says article is reminder that some people achieve saintliness by not practicing obedience to authority; Leah Mickens says that while many saints were at odds with church hierarchy they were still obedient to their local priests and bishops; James L Bleess says it is rewarding to read of spiritual people and understand that they had trials too; Vijayashri Sripati says Mother Theodore Guerin is figure to be respected")('2006110', 'Correction of Oct 22 article on return of Taliban to Afghanistan')('2006110', 'Susan Novick reviews Fresco Creperie and Cafe in Long Beach, NY (Quick Bite column) (S)')('2006110', "Article describes Jodie Whittaker's performance in new film Venus; photo (M)")('2006110', 'Michael Winerip Parenting column on ways in which his oldest son, Ben, now off to college, differed from his younger children; drawing (M)')('2006110', "Article on Hofstra String Quartet performances of works by Mozart, part of university's semesterlong Bravo Mozart] celebration; photo (M)")('2006110', 'Article on Parlor Mob, five-man retro-leaning rock band based in Red Bank, NJ, which is scheduled to release debut album this month; photo (M)')('2006110', 'Photos of fashions to wear to hottest restaurants in Los Angeles (Social Hollywood), London (Galvin Bistrot de Luxe) and Buenos Aires (Casa Cruz)')('2006110', 'Ben Genocchio reviews works by Venetian artist Canaletto on view at Yale Center for British Art in New Haven, Conn; photos (M)')('2006110', 'Patricia Brooks reviews Pasta Vera restaurant in Greenwich, Conn (Quick Bite column) (M)')('2006110', 'Robert Jereski letter on October 22 article on proposal to allow private schools to use Randalls Island for sports')('2006110', 'Corey Kilgannon The Island column on rap-verses and other memorials by young men to Kail Ferro, 17, who was murdered on streets of Roosevelt, Long Island; photo (M)')('2006110', 'John Goodman, Philip Langdon and Bob Schroeder letters on October 29 article on probable demolition of first Carvel ice cream store in Hartsdale, NY')('2006110', 'Richard Jones On Politics column on sales tax reform measure in New Jersey aimed at providing property tax relief; photo (M)')('2006110', 'Article on four new DVD box sets that include all 20 James Bond films; photo (M)')('2006110', 'James Kindall Home Work essay on kinship he has formed with his tools and home improvement surpluses that he simply cannot part with; drawing (M)')('2006110', "Article explores issue of whether gigantic wind turbines, five of which are already in operation in pilot project along coastline of Atlantic City, NJ, will be embraced elsewhere in New York metropolitan region; 40-turbine project being considered off Long Island's South Shore is facing stiff resistance from opponents who argue that it will hinder views, fail to be cost effective and create environmental problems; upstate New York has large wind farms but experts say winds off Connecticut and Long Island Sound are too weak for commercial wind farms; photos; map (L)")('2006110', 'Securities and Exchange Commission strikes deal with former McAfee senior financial officer Eric Borrmann, who will pay $757,563 to settle civil fraud and insider trading charges (S)')('2006110', 'Writer Aaron Sorkin and others involved with movie The American President and TV series The West Wing have contributed large sums to Democratic candidates in current election cycle; photos (M)')('2006110', 'Arrestor bed--ground-level platform made of aerated concrete--is installed at Teterboro Airport in New Jersey, averting potential accident involving taxiing aircraft only four days later; National Transportation Safety Board cites pilot fueling error as reason for fatal February 2, 2005 accident at Teterboro; photo (M)')('2006110', 'Gaffes made by campaigning Congressional candidates have been well-publicized and may have an effect on elections; recent examples cited (S)')('2006110', "Article describes efforts made by film industry to help their films' Oscar prospects by attracting attention of reporters, critics and gossipmongers in New York, where media is headquartered; event planners schedule screenings with appearances by stars of movie; photos (L)")('2006110', 'Robert Ballard, who discovered Titanic in 1985, Mashantucket Pequot Museum and Research Center and and Universities of Connecticut and Rhode Island announce details of multiyear expedition to find evidence of ancient settlements off coasts of Connecticut, Long Island and New Jersey and as far south as Gulf of Mexico; photo (M)')('2006110', 'Article on film Holiday, directed by George Cukor, which has been released on DVD; photo (M)')('2006110', "Sarah Sloane letter on Aric Chen's October 22 travel article on 36-hour visit to Montreal; recommends taking train from New York to Montreal")('2006110', 'New Jersey voters will cast ballots on whether to amend state constitution to direct money generated by corporate business tax and earmarked for environmental improvements toward capital repairs in state parks and wildlife management areas (S)')('2006110', 'Article on new DVD set of Marlon Brando films; photo (M)')('2006110', "Suzanne Perry and Virginia Lamarche letters on Rachel Donadio's October 22 travel article on Morocco")('2006110', 'Nearly all4')('2006110', 'Pres Bush is campaigning for Republican Congressional candidates in some safe Republican strongholds; Democrats say Bush strategist Karl Rove is trying to give president appearance of relevancy in losing year for GOP; Republicans say Rove is betting that Bush can rally depressed conservatives to help Republican incumbents in critical areas (M)')('2006110', 'Op-Ed article by funeral director Thomas Lynch on recent discovery of bones at World Trade Center site; discusses difficulties of coping with reality of those who have disappeared without trace, anywhere around world for whatever reason (M)')('2006110', 'Joanne Starkey reviews the Lake House restaurant in Bay Shore, NY; photos (M)')('2006110', "Washington Township, New Jersey's first neo-traditional town center, is beginning to feel strain; residents have been battling over deteriorating wooden fences; Township Council, after extensive lobbying from both sides, has voted to adopt new standards that would allow for vinyl fencing and to review all design standards; photos (M)")('2006110', 'New Jersey Gov Jon Corzine, in letter to Environmental Comr Lisa Jackson, requests 30-day review of black bear hunting policy; bear hunt is slated for December 4 to 9; photo (S)')('2006110', "British architect John Pawson designs 50 kitchens for Ian Schrager's new luxury condominium on Gramercy Park; photo (M)")('2006110', 'Sampling of housing on market in New York City Metropolitan Area; photos (M)')('2006110', 'Letter from Meg Kammerud expresses dismay at how women are treated at do-it-yourself home improvement stores; letter from University of California, Irvine professor Judy B Rosener holds that car manufacturers should ask women what they want in car design (October 29 article) (M)')('2006110', 'Democrats are in close Congressional races in prosperous Republican suburbs and also in economically struggling region along Ohio River; Republican incumbents are also challenged by discontent for Iraq war; those two concerns, Iraq war and economy, could influence election results (S)')('2006110', "Article describes Richard Griffiths' performance in new film The History Boys; photo (M)")('2006110', "Iris Gridinger letter on Anthony Tommasini's Oct 22 article about shortage of opera divas")('2006110', 'Kevin Coyne Jersey column on debut of rough cut of Losing Ground, film by Mike Levine, 25, about farmland in New Jersey being lost to development; photo (M)')('2006110', 'Photos of home furnishings worth collecting')('2006110', "Timothy Browne Collier letter comments on Joseph Lelyveld's Oct 15 article on immigration politics in Arizona")('2006110', 'Article on Bayles Boat Shed project for Long Island Seaport and Eco Center in Port Jefferson, NY; most of workers who are building $250,000 shed are volunteers from Timber Framers Guild; center, which will open to public in summer 2007, will be used to teach boat-building and hold maritime educational programs; photos (M)')('2006110', 'Claude Deloffre, who combines culinary literature and food-related art in her Paris shop, Galerie Librairie Food, is taking concept to Harvey Nichols in London; photo (S)')('2006110', 'Correction of Oct 29 Play magazine article about Dallas Cowboys Coach Bill Parcells')('2006110', "Michael Kape letter comments on D T Max's Oct 22 article on difficulty he has walking")('2006110', 'Photos of Sacha Baron Cohen, British comedian, in character as crazed Kazakh journalist of film Borat')('2006110', "Article describes Carmen Maura's performance in new film Volver; photo (M)")('2006110', "Washington Township, New Jersey's first neo-traditional town center, is beginning to feel strain; residents have been battling over deteriorating wooden fences; Township Council, after extensive lobbying from both sides, has voted to adopt new standards that would allow for vinyl fencing and to review all design standards; photos (M)")('2006110', 'Hearst Magazines International president and chief executive Geo')('2006110', 'Henry Juszkiewicz letter comments on Edmund Morris Oct 1 review of James Barron book Piano: The Making of a Steinway Concert Grand')('2006110', 'City of Hartford, Conn, begins to offer wireless Internet service to residents downtown and in Blue Hills neighborhood; service is part of $1 million pilot program designed to close gap between people who can afford Internet service and those who cannot; photo (M)')('2006110', 'Michael Kazin letter comments on George Will Oct 22 review of Brooke Allen book Moral Minority')('2006110', 'Loretto Crane letter comments on Oct 8 article on unusual aggressiveness being exhibited by elephants')('2006110', 'John Goodman, Philip Langdon and Bob Schroeder letters on October 29 article on probable demolition of first Carvel ice cream store in Hartsdale, NY')('2006110', 'Tom Ratcliffe letter contends that Kenyan runners are not being sheltered from drug testing by training in Boulder (Colo) (S)')('2006110', "Phoebe Hoban reviews New Jersey Repertory Company production of one-woman show, The Speed Queen, based on novel by Stewart O'Nan and starring Ann Stockton; photo (M)")('2006110', "Michael and Sabine Maharam have six of New York's leading tastemakers to dinner; recipe; photos (M)")('2006110', "Article describes Sergi Lopez's performance in new film Pan's Labyrinth; photo (M)")('2006110', "Jeneen Interlandi's Oct 22 article on scientific fraud perpetrated by Eric Poehlman prompts letters from Michael Hadjiargyrou and Mary Nelson")('2006110', 'Comparison of family pedigrees of Pres George W Bush and Ned Lamont, candidate for Senate from Connecticut; two differ strongly on social and foreign issues but they come from very similar wealthy families; generations of Lamonts and Bushes belong to same exclusive clubs and communities and have often mixed at monied-class social events (M)')('2006110', 'Correction: Oct 29 article about decrease of hurricanes in United States in 2006 gave incorrect date for end of hurricane season; it is Nov 30, not Oct 31')('2006110', 'Catherine Duckett letter discusses Holley Mangold, female high school lineman; photo (S)')('2006110', 'Profile of English chef and restaurateur Gordon Ramsay in light of opening of his first US restaurant, Gordon Ramsay at London NY hotel; photos (M)')('2006110', 'Correction of October 29 article about hotels in Caribbean, which misstated information about Courtyard by Marriott hotel in Port of Spain, Trinidad and Tobago (S)')('2006110', 'Article on Bayles Boat Shed project for Long Island Seaport and Eco Center in Port Jefferson, NY; most of workers who are building $250,000 shed are volunteers from Timber Framers Guild; center, which will open to public in summer 2007, will be used to teach boat-building and hold maritime educational programs; photos (M)')('2006110', "Roslyn Harbor, NY, Mayor Gerson Strassberg, on whim, requests inventory of all village land and discovers three adjacent plots, including parking lot at Long Island Rail Road's Greenvale Station that, combined, are large enough to develop; photo (M)")('2006110', 'Eye See You, new work by artist Olafur Eliasson, will be displayed in windows of Louis Vuitton stores around the world; photo (M)')('2006110', 'Michael Winerip Parenting column on ways in which his oldest son, Ben, now off to college, differed from his younger children; drawing (M)')('2006110', 'Sugar Cane jeans from Japan are made from selvage denim and spun from cotton thread and sugar cane; photo (S)')('2006110', "Six letters comment on David Brooks Nov 2 column on 1970 Elie Kedourie essay and history of disorder in Iraq; Prof Gary Hart, former senator, says knowing troubled history of Iraq would not have made any difference to Pres Bush and his administration; Beate Bolen says current dialogue on Iraq cites justifications for war that were not offered before 2003 invasion; Bruce Shames says Brooks offers convincing argument that Iraq cannot become unified country; Kevin Rayhill says US leaders must be held accountable for Iraq; Bill Sweeney says Brooks's discussion of history of Iraq might have been more useful in 2002; Niels Aaboe says he opposes Brooks's proposal to put more troops in Iraq")('2006110', 'Robert Ballard, who discovered Titanic in 1985, Mashantucket Pequot Museum and Research Center and and Universities of Connecticut and Rhode Island announce details of multiyear expedition to find evidence of ancient settlements off coasts of Connecticut, Long Island and New Jersey and as far south as Gulf of Mexico; photo (M)')('2006110', 'David Shamoon letter on Oct 22 article about dispute between director Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu and screenwriter Guillermo Arriaga over credits for film Babel')('2006110', "If Democrats win control of Congress on Nov 7 elections, party will still not have consensus on policies and there will be no one Democrat who can claim credit for victory; well-publicized quarreling of Rep Rahm Emanuel, Sen Charles Schumer and Democratic National Committee chairman Howard Dean about election strategy suggests tensions could flare in post-election round of self-congratulation; fight for leadership could also affect party's agenda and ability to push for change (M)")('2006110', 'Architect Annabelle Selldorf furnishes kitchen of her second home with cookware and tableware from Crate & Barrel; photos (M)')('2006110', 'Article on two movies directed by Bernardo Bertlucci, The Conformist and 1900, that have been released on DVD; photo (M)')('2006110', 'Police departments in Westchester County, NY, and New Jersey report increases in thefts of global positioning systems from cars; photos (M)')('2006110', "David Corcoran reviews Tomo's Cuisine restaurant in Little Falls, NJ; photos (M)")('2006110', 'Article on Bayles Boat Shed project for Long Island Seaport and Eco Center in Port Jefferson, NY; most of workers who are building $250,000 shed are volunteers from Timber Framers Guild; center, which will open to public in summer 2007, will be used to teach boat-building and hold maritime educational programs; photos (M)')('2006110', 'Tammy La Gorce reviews Blue Sky Burritos restaurant in Madison, NJ (Quick Bite column) (M)')('2006110', 'The Week column; Westchester-Putnam Multiple Listing Service figures show 20.5 percent decline in home sales in third quarter; median sales price rose less than 1 percent, to $716.125; price of condominiums declined 1.3 percent to $385,000; about 8,500 Con Edison customers in Westchester lost power in weekend storm, which is quickly restored (M)')('2006110', "James F O'Gorman and Laura H Korobkin letters comment on Henry Louis Gates Jr essay on Harriet Beecher Stowe novel Uncle Tom's Cabin")('2006110', 'Correction of Oct 15 film entry in Week Ahead column')('2006110', 'Editorial suggests New Yorkers remember acronym RADS when voting for candidates for state Assembly and Senate this weekend--Republicans for Assembly, Democrats for Senate')('2006110', 'Securities and Exchange Commission Chairman Christopher Cox makes fun of terminology used to describe certain stock option abuses (S)')('2006110', 'Police departments in Westchester County, NY, and New Jersey report increases in thefts of global positioning systems from cars; photos (M)')('2006110', 'Letter from Kathleen Ferraiolo, assistant professor at James Madison University, on Oct 29 article, says it is unfortunate that political tolerance is so scarce that people cannot put aside their differences in social settings and agree to disagree')('2006110', 'Correction: Oct 1 article about long history of Congressional scandals referred imprecisely to circumstances of one scandal involving Congressional member')('2006110', 'Police departments in Westchester County, NY, and New Jersey report increases in thefts of global positioning systems from cars; photos (M)')('2006110', 'Patricia Brooks reviews Isla Montecristi restaurant in Fairfield, Conn; photos (M)')('2006110', "James F O'Gorman and Laura H Korobkin letters comment on Henry Louis Gates Jr essay on Harriet Beecher Stowe novel Uncle Tom's Cabin")('2006110', 'Correction of Oct 15 film entry in Week Ahead column')('2006110', 'Letter from Janet Gari, daughter of Eddie Cantor, on Oct 29 article says producing CD Jewface is not only bad taste but is dangerous considering rise of anti-Semitism')('2006110', 'Bill Cunningham Evening Hours photos of benefits, dinners and galas around New York City')('2006110', 'Correction of October 29 article about old photographs of Brooklyn buildings (S)')('2006110', 'Correction of October 22 travel article about stay at resort run by local residents in High Atlas Mountains of Morocco (S)')('2006110', 'Ben Genocchio reviews works by Venetian artist Canaletto on view at Yale Center for British Art in New Haven, Conn; photos (M)')('2006110', 'Bradley International Airport in Windsor Locks, Conn, has become one of 43 airports in US to have explosive trace portals installed by Transportation Security Administration to detect particles of explosives on clothing or skin; machines blow puffs of air from several directions, then analyze airborne particles to identify any bomb-making ingredients; photos (M)')('2006110', 'Henri Bendel introduces Henri collection of sweaters for young women; photo (S)')('2006110', 'Tim Hanley letter contends that baseball players should be tested for steroids and not tobacco because smoking does not give players competitive advantage (S)')('2006110', 'Editorial alerts New York voters to shell game by which smaller political parties automatically qualify to run candidates in every single race for next four years if candidate they endorse for governor garners 50,000 votes')('2006110', 'Joseph Berger column on angry reaction of some Cablevision customers in parts of New York City metropolitan area who are now being charged extra for Turner Classic Movies channel, which used to be included in basic cable; photo (M)')('2006110', 'Pop quiz in geography; photos')('2006110', 'Dave Kehr annotated listing of movies opening between Nov 2006 and early Jan 2007; photos (L)')('2006110', 'Joe Vissichelli letter contends that baseball should be embarrassed that St Louis Cardinals, team with .516 regular-season winning percentage, won World Series (S)')('2006110', 'Fees for taking SAT and other steps in college application process can mount up quickly; list (S)')('2006110', 'Economist Magaz')('2006110', 'Cross-section of electoral races from different parts of country; races in question are not necessarily close or decisive, but are interesting for variety of reasons and will cumulatively provide sense of how Nov 7 elections are unfolding; maps; graphs; photos (L)')('2006110', "Two letters comment on Bob Herbert Oct 30 column on disenchantment of American voters; Bob Kerrey and Warren Rudman, former senators and co-chairmen of Americans for Campaign Reform, say special-interest money is root cause of voters' pessimism and call for public financing of all federal elections; Allen L White, director of Corporation 20/20, agrees with Herbert's call for public dialogue to help fix 'broken' system of government")('2006110', 'John Goodman, Philip Langdon and Bob Schroeder letters on October 29 article on probable demolition of first Carvel ice cream store in Hartsdale, NY')('2006110', 'J D Power & Associates survey of more than 12,000 hotel guests in Europe finds that nearly 72 percent of French hotel guests and 69 percent of hotel guests across Europe prefer non-smoking environment; photo (S)')('2006110', 'Murray Chass On Baseball column discusses Detroit Tigers pitcher Kenny Rogers, who was accused of using pine tar during World Series against St Louis Cardinals (M)')('2006110', 'Correction of In the Region article appearing in some New Jersey copies on Oct 15')('2006110', 'Benjamin Genocchio reviews works by Milton Resnick at Dowling College in Oakdale, NY; photos (M)')('2006110', "Washington Township, New Jersey's first neo-traditional town center, is beginning to feel strain; residents have been battling over deteriorating wooden fences; Township Council, after extensive lobbying from both sides, has voted to adopt new standards that would allow for vinyl fencing and to review all design standards; photos (M)")('2006110', 'Police departments in Westchester County, NY, and New Jersey report increases in thefts of global positioning systems from cars; photos (M)')('2006110', "The Week column; voters in Nassau County, NY, will cast ballots on $100 million bond referendum for preservation of open space and environmental improvements; State Sen Michael Balboni and Nassau County Executive Thomas Suozzi announce pilot program using global positioning systems that would provide around-the-clock monitoring of county's convicted sex offenders; officials say Nassau and Suffolk Counties appear to have adequate supplies of flu vaccines; photo (M)")('2006110', "George Wolf letter, prompted by Oct 29 article on Alabama companies that produce condoms used in foreign aid programs, applauds Alabama congressmen who are working to save state's condom industry and jobs")('2006110', "The Executive Editor of The Times responds to the Public Editor's column on the Swift banking-data surveillance program.")('2006110', 'Matthew Continetti')('2006110', 'The Empire Zone will be blogging the elections in New York, New Jersey and Connecticut all day and night Tuesday. Keep in mind that blog posts here are incremental, developing and ephemeral, the raw materials that end up in the final news report. For the latest results of House, Senate and regional races, including full [...]')('2006110', 'If down-ballot Democrats lose in tight races in New York, will it be Alan Hevesi\'s fault? [The Daily Politics.] The leadership of the Jewish Satmar community of Kiryas Joel is backing Democrat John Hall for Congress, a blow to incumbent Representative Sue Kelly. [The Politicker.] Ben has more: "The move means a couple of things: [...]')('2006110', 'The Caucus looks at races to watch.')('2006110', 'You could say that it was a case of two political ships passing in the night - and the morning, too. On Monday night, Senator Robert Menendez greeted commuters at the train station in his adopted hometown of Hoboken. But on his way to one of the platforms, he passed a former colleague of his [...]')('2006110', 'As things wind down to the final pre-poll hours, both parties are hitting the Internet hard in an attempt to wring as many votes out of the faithful as possible.')('2006110', "It's the night before Election Day and all of those disparate trajectories and talking points sent out from each party converge tomorrow morning. Now what? What crucial detail needs addressing? What still needs done?")('2006110', 'As he went about his business today, Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg resolutely shunned making partisan statements on the eve of the midterm elections. (Ozier Muhammad/The New York Times) Mr. Bloomberg, a onetime Democrat who switched to the Republican Party to run for mayor in 2001, has tended to adopt an above-the-fray stance, although he has [...]')('2006110', 'Two Democrative operatives make the case for a new "Responsibility Era."')('2006110', "The Executive Editor of The Times responds to the Public Editor's column on the Swift banking-data surveillance program.")('2006110', 'And the last one for a long time, methinks. Next week, we\'re filming an episode of "It\'s All Geek to Me" that\'s all about rescuing old recordings: LPs, cassettes, data on floppy disks, scanning old photos, and so on. We\'re looking for a guest–in NY, CT, or NJ–who\'s got some old home movies on FILM [...]')('2006110', "And what about Congressman Tom Reynolds? Congressman Tom Reynolds Thought to have a safe seat, Mr. Reynolds took on water during the Mark Foley scandal and found himself locked in a tight race with Jack Davis, the Democratic nominee. So that's one reason he was standing in front of a sporting goods store in Clarence, [...]")('2006110', "Appearing in Erie County in Western New York today, Gov. George E. Pataki urged Republicans there to give the turn out in force, as they did for him: Now I'm asking you to do it again -- not for me, but for Congressman Reynolds, for Chris Callaghan, for Jeannine Pirro, for [state Senator] Dale [Volker], [...]")('2006110', 'In the department of "you\'ve gotta see this," this video clip of a Bank of America executive singing about the bank\'s merger with MBNA lands at the top. The individual, delivering his best Bono impression, impressively belts out his own rendition of U2\'s "One," as a guitarist soulfully strums along. However, he seems to miss [...]')('2006110', 'The banana yellow post cards have arrived en masse, aimed at New Jersey residents with names that end in vowels. They alleged that Senator Bob Menendez "BETRAYED HIS ITALIAN-AMERICAN CONSTITUENTS" in voting against Samuel A. Alito Jr.\'s confirmation to the U.S. Supreme Court earlier this year. "New Jerseyans are supposed to take care of their [...]')('2006110', "J. Christopher Callaghan (James Estrin/The New York Times) Alan Hevesi's troubles have resulted in a surge of of donations to Republican J. Christopher Callaghan, who has been able to travel more widely and make new, powerful friends. And so Mr. Callaghan started the day with Gov. George E. Pataki at a campaign breakfast in Plattsburgh [...]")('2006110', '"When the last undefeated team does lose, all of us, even if we\'re alone, hoist one to the heavens in thanks. Perfection is immortal. Imperfection is mortal. We immortals don\'t want company." – Bob Kuechenberg, former Pro Bowl guard, on the Dolphins\' 1972 undefeated team. In a recent article in The Times, Ed Marinaro, soon [...]')('2006110', "No, Senator Robert Menendez does not have his own bus to ferry him from campaign event to campaign event. But he does have the option of jumping on board a couple of buses that local Democrats have rented for the election homestretch. Bob Menendez visited a senior citizens' center in Elmhurst today. (Mel Evans/Associated Press) [...]")('2006110', 'Queen Elizabeth, meet YouTube.')('2006110', 'Update: The Times\'s national desk has an article, "Repeat Calls Spur a Debate Over Tactics," by Christopher Drew and Carl Hulse, with audio. The New York State Democratic Committee just wrapped up a rather confusing conference call with reporters to discuss its concerns about what it calls deceptive or illegal calls in the congressional districts [...]')('2006110', 'Recent investigations into stock-options backdating have put chief executives, corporate lawyers and compensation committees on the spot. In a recent column, Forbes.com\'s Elizabeth MacDonald says she thinks that auditing firms should feel the heat as well. "So," Ms. MacDonald asks, "where are all those expensive auditors who are paid a lot of shareholder money to [...]')('2006110', 'The same company that wrested a $612.5 million settlement from the maker of the BlackBerry has set its sights on another seller of handheld gadgets: Palm Inc. NTP, a patent holding firm, said Monday that it filed a patent infringement lawsuit again Palm, which produces the Treo smart phone. Shares of Palm slumped 8.5 percent [...]')('2006110', 'Here\'s another tidbit we missed on the blogs over the weekend. Spin Cycle describes how J. Christopher Callaghan, the Republican candidate for New York comptroller, got some pointers in retail politics from the master himself, Joseph Bruno, the Republican Senate majority leader: "Chauffeur, don\'t forget the chauffeur," Bruno whispered as Callaghan answered questions at a [...]')('2006110', "In most jokes, there is a grain of truth. So were curious to know whether junior workers at Silicon Valley's venture firms laughed or sighed when they read the recent post by Alexis Lakes, the venture executive who is serving as a contributor to PE Week Wire's new Web site, peHUB. Ms. Lakes, chief financial [...]")('2006110', "Senator Joe Lieberman spent the early part of today campaigning near New Haven. He stopped at a diner, talked to some employees at an electric utilities company and went to a senior center. Now he's under the radar for a couple of hours. He'll be speaking at a housing complex in New Haven later this [...]")('2006110', 'Readers respond to David Brooks\'s Nov. 5 column, "The Fighting Democrat." Robert Konrath, Miami: Both of the subject candidates are decidedly inferior, farcical types, each in his own way. How did they come so far? Are Virginians so busy with their daily lives that they don\'t advance decent people for political office? That process would [...]')('2006110', 'Readers respond to Bob Herbert\'s Nov. 6 column, "Shouting Over the Din." Vern Matheuszik, Montreal, Quebec, Canada: When I go to vote, I put an \'X\' beside the name of the candidate of my choosing. There is only one item on the ballot. I put the ballot into a ballot box. It is counted by [...]')('2006110', 'Paul Krugman responds to readers\' comments on his Nov. 6 column, "Limiting the Damage." Michael Radowitz, Newburgh, N.Y.: If the Democrats take over the house, Bush\'s misdeeds can be seriously looked into. If they somehow take over the Senate, Bush could conceivably be impeached for both abuse and neglect of authority bestowed on him as [...]')('2006110', 'Tom Kean Jr. was hardly in hostile territory. Around mid-morning today, Mr. Kean visited a retirement community in heavily Republican Pompton Plains and spoke to about 150 people about the differences between himself and his opponent in the race for the United States Senate in New Jersey, Senator Robert Menendez. Tom Kean Jr. at an [...]')('2006110', 'Public companies are increasingly likely to have hedge funds as large shareholders, a new study suggests. Conducted for Financial News by Gartmore, a British fund manager, the study found that hedge funds now have significant stakes - more than 5 percent - in 38 percent of public companies worldwide, up from 24 percent two years [...]')('2006110', 'Overstock.com reports a dismal quarter, and says it may need to raise capital next year.')('2006110', "Now that you're back in the office on the boss's dime, those of you who had better things to do over the weekend might want to catch up on what the candidates were doing leading up to the big day. Our metro bloggers were out with all the major campaigns (as we will be all [...]")('2006110', 'A gangbusters day for buyouts continues apace: the founder and former chief executive of Swift Transportation, the second-largest trucker in the nation, made an offer to take the company private for $29 a share, valuing Swift at $2.17 billion. The bid was made by Jerry Moyes, who was ousted in October 2005 after settling insider [...]')('2006110', 'Politics on the Hudson noted yesterday that State Senator Nick Spano, the Westchester Republican, plans to campaign nearly 24/7: "I will go out at midnight to shopping centers to meet and greet voters. And I will be up Tuesday morning, at 4:30 in the morning, meeting all our volunteers and sending them out." The Republican [...]')('2006110', "In the years before AskJeeves retired Jeeves, the virtual butler who was its mascot, the search engine, now called Ask.com, touted its ability to answer users' questions in plain English. While AskJeeves was a decent search engine, it was eclipsed in quality by AltaVista and, eventually, Google. Now comes Powerset, a startup that also aims [...]")('2006110', "We've received tons of feedback and it's been really great stuff! You won't find any fancy new features in this build. We focused mainly on tackling bugs you found. Here's a list of some of the changes that went into this update. Fixed the Norton Bug!!! This took a little longer than anticipated but you [...]")('2006110', "Many voters worry that their ballots won't be accurately tallied.")('2006110', "So, what else is new? The Working Families Party and the Greens are bickering over the apparently valuable Cindy Sheehan endorsement, some progressives think the Greens are just a Republican tool that could be dangerous the next time around, and the commentator Tom Watson sees cynical, short-sighted reasons for the WFP's decison to sit out [...]")('2006110', 'Calling a default of a large private-equity-backed company or a cluster of smaller ones "inevitable," Britain\'s market regulator on Monday published a report on what it considers to be the major risks from the buyout boom, including excessive leverage, market abuse and conflicts of interest. With classic British restraint, it said that the amount of [...]')('2006110', "The Quinnipiac poll released today puts State Comptroller Alan G. Hevesi in almost as good shape as Andrew M. Cuomo, who is leading Jeanine F. Pirro by 53 percent to 37 percent among likely voters in the New York attorney general's race, the poll says. (The margin of sampling error is plus or minus 4 [...]")('2006110', "What to do when you're a Republican in a tight race and your president isn't so popular?")('2006110', "The Kinross Gold Corporation said on Monday it had agreed to acquire the Bema Gold Corporation, a mining comany with operations in Russia, South America, Chile and Canada, for bid $3.1 billion in stock. Kinross's bid, 0.441 of a Kinross share for every Bema share, represented a 34 percent premium over the 20-day average price [...]")('2006110', 'If you\'re not a regular Times Select subscriber and have crept in this week since it\'s free, then check out some of the videos that I\'ve done since the Times Select wall was erected. If you go to www.nytimes.com/kristof then you\'ll see a link on the right-hand side to "From the Archives: Multimedia." (Actually, while [...]')('2006110', 'What happens in Vegas influences the rest of the country.')('2006110', 'President Bush is trying to use Saddam Hussein\'s sentence of death by hanging to help Republicans hang on to control, calling it a "milestone" on the road to Iraqi freedom.')('2006110', 'If the Republicans win, Jonathan Alter of Newsweek says, the balance of power in the United States may be in jeopardy.')('2006110', "VNU, the Dutch marketing and publishing company that was taken private earlier this year, said Monday that the former chief executive of Gillette, James M. Kilts, has taken a seat on its board of directors. VNU also said that Mr. Kilts's firm, Centerview Partners, made an undisclosed investment in the company. A person briefed on [...]")('2006110', "Merrill Lynch's private-equity arm received a request for information from the Justice Department as part of its informal inquiry into potential anticompetitive behavior in the private-equity world, The Wall Street Journal reported, citing undisclosed sources. Go to Article from The Wall Street Journal (Subscription Required) »")('2006110', 'A new poll is showing Representative C.L. "Butch" Otter, the Republican candidate, running about even with Jerry Brady, the Democrat.')('2006110', 'The new USA Today/Gallup poll has some must-see numbers on battleground Senate races.')('2006110', 'The drug companies are gonna get it, or so Democrats hope, if they take over part of Congress and start working on the Medicare prescription drug benefit.')('2006110', "It's Election Eve, people! Incumbent and challengers were up at daybreak campaigning their hearts out in the cold. Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton was at a Bronx subway stop just before 7 a.m.; John Faso, the Republican candidate for governor, was at the Columbus Circle subway stop a little while after that. Mrs. Clinton, in a [...]")('2006110', "A new Quinnipiac poll has New York State Comptroller Alan Hevesi leading by a healthy, 12 percentage point margin against his Republlican challenger, J. Christopher Callaghan. The poll has his support among voters at the magic 50 percent number, compared to 38 percent for Callaghan. That contrasts to last week's Siena poll that showed the [...]")('2006110', "Irreconcilable differences: conservatives dump the G.O.P,. and the military's had it with Rumsfeld.")('2006110', "The 'Bagger returns to Times Square.")('2006110', "Now, where was I? Okay, as some of you may remember, the Bagger had a bit of a tough time negotiating the logistics of last year's award season: If he managed to finally find the right door, he always had the wrong credential. Now with a whole season of seasoning behind him, those practical issues [...]")('2006110', '"Borat" beats the crap out of Santa Claus.')('2006110', 'Brad Pitt leads an international cast in "Babel," directed by Alejandro González Iñárritu. (Photo: Murray Close/Paramount Vantage) As L.A. film parties go, the after-shindig for "Babel" was borderline lovely. Sure, Brad Pitt only toe-touched long enough to give his stalkers from E! the briefest of targets, but at the open-bar, open-air gig on the plaza [...]')('2006110', 'On the very same night, Robert Downey Jr. walked around the Phillips de Pury & Company gallery in New York\'s meatpacking district carrying a white teddy bear and looking mighty happy about his hairy turn in "Fur." Has the Bagger finally mastered bi-coastal cloning? Nah. While he was stumbling around L.A., the Baguette, colleague Paula [...]')('2006110', 'Management-led buyouts have always raised questions about conflicts of interest, because in such deals, the management that is supposed to represent shareholders is suddenly representing itself as well. That potential for conflict was especially evident this morning when Isadore Sharp, the chief executive and controlling shareholder of Four Seasons Hotels, made a $3.7 billion takeover [...]')('2006110', "OSI Restaurant Partners, the owner of the Outback Steakhouse restaurant chain, said Monday it would be acquired by an investor group for $40 a share, or $3.2 billion including debt. The consortium includes Bain Capital, Catterton Partners and the company's founders, Chris Sullivan, Robert Basham and J. Timothy Gannon, OSI said in a statement. OSI [...]")('2006110', "J.P. Morgan Chase will buy Columbia Equity Trust, a Washington-based real estate investment trust, for $502 million in cash, Columbia Equity said in a releaseMonday. The deal, which includes the assumption of $213 million in debt, represents a 12.4 percent premium over Columbia's closing share price on Friday. Go to Article from MarketWatch » Go [...]")('2006110', "Abbott Laboratories said on Monday it would acquire Kos Pharmaceuticals for $3.7 billion to expand its presence in the cholesterol-treatment market. Abbott agreed to pay $78 a share for Abbott, a premium of 56 percent over Kos's closing price on Friday. Kos's main products involve versions of the nutrient niacin, which helps raise levels of [...]")('2006110', 'An assistant New York attorney general urged the state to step up regulation of the title insurance industry on Friday, arguing that insurance agents were receiving what amount to illegal kickbacks and that New York home buyers were overpaying. The attorney, Hannah K. Flamenbaum told insurance executives, agents and state regulators at a New York [...]')('2006110', "Edison International revealed Friday that federal regulators might investigate the company's energy trading operation. Edison said the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission's enforcement staff told the company late last month that it was ready to recommend an investigation into whether its Edison Mission Marketing & Trading unit violated the commission's energy trading rules. Go to Article [...]")('2006110', 'The Apollo Group, a for-profit education company, said Friday that its chief financial officer had resigned and its top accounting officer was placed on leave during an internal review of stock options. The chief financial officer, Kenda Gonzales, and the chief accounting officer, Daniel E. Bachus, are among more than 40 executives and directors of [...]')('2006110', 'Manipulating stock option grants is no laughing matter. Federal investigators are combing through the files of more than 120 companies looking for evidence of backdated options. Dozens of executives have resigned or been fired. Top officers at two companies face criminal charges. But at a corporate governance conference sponsored by Stanford University in Washington last [...]')('2006110', "With no major catastrophes in this year's third quarter, Berkshire Hathaway reported an almost fivefold increase in income Friday from a year earlier when hurricanes Katrina, Rita and Wilma struck. Berkshire earned $2.77 billion, or $1,797 a share, for the quarter ended Sept. 30, versus $586 million, or $381 a share, a year earlier. In [...]")('2006110', "In an effort to expand more systematically into the online world, CBS said Sunday that it had hired Quincy Smith, formerly of Allen & Company, to oversee its interactive strategy. Mr. Smith, who has advised CBS in the past, will both help integrate the company's online efforts at its various divisions and seek out potential [...]")('2006110', "Two former executives at McKesson were acquitted of a conspiracy charge yesterday, but might be retried on six other charges involving a $9 billion accounting scandal at the country's biggest pharmaceutical distributor. The two former executives, Charles W. McCall and Jay Lapine, were acquitted on one charge of conspiracy, but a mistrial was declared on [...]")('2006110', 'The New York Times Company may be headed for a proxy battle with one of its largest shareholders. Morgan Stanley Investment Management, which has a 7.6 percent stake in the Times Company, has stepped up a campaign to spur the company to change its dual-class share structure by sending a report to the board that [...]')('2006110', 'Eurotunnel creditors are considering forcing the company into liquidation as the best way of recouping money from the debt-laden operator of the Channel tunnel. The Guardian reported that the liquidation and subsequent sale of the company could realize a better return than accepting a restructuring plan proposed by the business last month. Go to Article [...]')('2006110', 'A court in South Korea refused to issue a warrant that would have allowed prosecutors to detain a co-founder of Lone Star Funds, Ellis Short, for questioning related to alleged stock manipulation. The Seoul Central District Court also rejected warrant applications for two other officials of the buyout company, but issued awarrant for Steven Lee, [...]')('2006110', "The former Carlton boss, Michael Green, has dropped his 280 million pound ($531 million) takeover attempt for the Harry Potter printing group, St Ives. Although his Tangent company is a fraction of St Ives's size, Mr. Green had proposed a reverse takeover. Go to Article from The Guardian »")('2006110', "The Canadian government's surprise decision last week to levy a tax on income trusts had bankers and buyout funds on the phone with income trusts across the country, hoping to take advantage of an opportunity to snap up some companies on the cheap. The Globe and Mail says that phones were ringing at trusts including [...]")('2006110', 'Less than a week after Linde said it would put Kion, its forklift unit, on the block rather than pursue an initial public offering of the business, the company said it had sold the unit to the private equity firms Kohlberg Kravis Roberts and Goldman Sachs Capital Partners for 4 billion euros (US$5.1 billon). Lindes, [...]')('2006110', 'Luminetx said it had received regulatory clearance for its vein-illumination device and raised about $15 million in its second institutional round of financing. All of the main Series A investors participated, including Stanford Financial Group, Elm Ridge Capital, Capvest Venture Fund, Custer Capital and Diomed Holdings. Go to Article from VentureWire Professional (subscription required) »')('2006110', 'A news aggregator, Topix.net, is set to announce Monday that it has received an additional investment of $15 million from the three newspaper groups that already own a majority stake in the company, CNET News.com reported. After the latest round of funding, Gannett and Tribune each own 33.7 percent stakes, and McClatchy owns an 11.9 [...]')('2006110', 'The British government has given a two-year breathing space for foreign firms listed on the London Stock Exchange before they are required to comply with European accounting standards, The Guardian reported. Go to Article from The Guardian »')('2006110', "SK, South Korea's top refiner, is seeking to raise as much as $700 million in a London listing of its SK Incheon Oil refinery, according to The Wall Street Journal. SK opted for an initial public offering in London rather than its home country because South Korean regulations forbid a company from listing a year [...]")('2006110', "Visa Europe and Morgan Stanley have settled an antitrust dispute over access to Visa's credit card network that could lead to the end of a European Commission inquiry of Visa, the Financial Times said. The paper said Visa had denied Morgan Stanley access to its network because the bank's Discover card competes with Visa in [...]")('2006110', "Canada's Investment Dealers Association has accused RBC Dominion Securities of failing to meet capital reserve requirements, a rare liquidity breach for a major brokerage firm, The Globe and Mail reported. The association said Friday it would hold a hearing on Nov. 27 to consider a settlement it has reached with the company on charges it [...]")('2006110', 'Rick Sherlund, a Goldman Sachs partner and veteran software analyst who has covered Microsoft since it went public, plans to leave the Wall Street firm to work in money management, possibly starting his own fund, The Wall Street Journal reported. Go to Article from Reuters via CNN Money »')('2006110', 'Barclays Bank said on Friday that it would pay $144 million to settle a dispute with Enron. The bank denied any wrongdoing or liability from transactions between Enron and Barclays Capital, its investment banking unit, and said the settlement allowed it to continue to seek claims totaling $310 million that were filed in the bankruptcy [...]')('2006110', 'Morgan Stanley said Friday it was raising compensation for its top financial advisers and setting up a stock-accumulation program as the investment bank tries to attract and retain money-making brokers. Over all, the changes will increase compensation and other costs by "tens of millions of dollars," a spokesman for Morgan Stanley told Reuters. Among the [...]')('2006110', 'Discovery Communications is buying two pet-related businesses for about $35 million and folding them into its Animal Planet cable channel, forming a new business unit focused on pets and animals. The unit will now include Petfinder.com, a leading Web site for facilitating pet adoptions, and PetsIncredible, a business that creates videos to help new owners [...]')('2006110', 'The regional department store chain Gottschalks said Friday it is evaluating strategic alternatives, including a possible sale of the company, sending shares up 6.5 percent. The company, based in Fresno, Calif., said it does not intend to provide updates on the progress of the review until its board approves a specific transaction. Go to Article [...]')('2006110', 'Oracle announced Friday it had acquired SPL WorldGroup, which will serve as a keystone to launch a global unit focused on utility companies. Oracle bought SPL, which develops software for the electric, gas and water industries, from a private equity fund manager, GFI Energy Ventures, for an undisclosed amount Go to Article from CNet News.com [...]')('2006110', "News Corporation's MySpace.com online service will be launched in Japan in a joint venture with Japanese Internet and telecoms group Softbank, the Nihon Keizai business daily reported on Monday. The 50-50 venture, to be called MySpace Japan, will first offer services for personal computers and later allow users to post photos and write blogs via [...]")('2006110', "The Canadian mining company Global Alumina, facing a cash crunch, is in exclusive talks to form a joint venture with the global resources giant BHP Billiton and Middle Eastern partners to develop the company's planned $2.2 billion alumina refinery in West Africa. Go to Article from The Globe and Mail »")('2006110', "AmSouth Bancorp and Regions Financial on Saturday completed their $10 billion merger, creating one of the top 10 bank holding companies in the United States. The deal, announced in May, merges two of Alabama's biggest banks, with a combined $140 billion in assets. Go to Article from MarketWatch »")('2006110', "Aer Lingus warned Ryanair yesterday that its board would resist the low-cost airline's bid overtures at all costs, even if it received an improved takeover offer. Go to Article from The Guardian »")('2006110', 'Goldcorp closed its contested $8.6 billion acquisition of Glamis Gold on the weekend after an Ontario court rejected a bid by Goldcorp founder Rob McEwen to force the company to hold a shareholder vote on the takeover. Go to Article from The Globe and Mail »')('2006110', "Stock in a biotech firm Alnylam Pharmaceuticals, has been trading at an all-time high since last Monday, when Merck said it would buy a rival, Sirna Therapeutics for $1.1 billion in cash. Investors, it seems, are betting that Alnylam might be the industry's next takeover target. Merck's deal for Sirna was the latest in a [...]")('2006110', 'Ladbrokes, the No. 2 bookmaker in Britain, is in talks to buy the online poker and casino group 888 Holdings as pressure mounts on the internet gaming industry to merge after a clampdown in the United States, according to reports. The Guardian said executives of the betting shop group flew to Israel this weekend to [...]')('2006110', "Regulators in Spain have granted Acciona, a Spanish public works group, permission to raise its stake in Endesa to 24.9 percent, according to Spanish media reports. Endesa, the largest electric company in Spain, is already the target of a takeover bid of 37 billion euros ($47 billion) from E.On, its giant German rival. E.On's bid [...]")('2006110', 'After a disappointing first round of bids, Tribune is planning to redouble its efforts to convince bidders that it is worth more than the $8 billion put on the table by private equity firms, The Chicago Tribune reported. The company is planning presentations for representatives of several of the firms bidding on the company, hoping [...]')('2006110', 'Google, operator of the most-used Internet search engine, won U.S. antitrust approval for its $1.65 billion purchase of the video sharing site YouTube. Antitrust authorities in Washington ended their review of the transaction, according to a list of terminated merger reviews published by the Federal Trade Commission. Go to Article from Bloomberg News via The [...]')('2006110', 'Royal Ahold, the Dutch owner of Stop & Shop and Giant supermarket chains in the United States, put its U.S. Foodservice and eastern European units up for sale. The company intends to cut operating costs by 500 million euros ($635 million) by the end of 2009 and return about 2 billion euros to shareholders following [...]')('2006110', "Jacques Nasser, the one-time chief executive of Ford and now a partner at J.P. Morgan's private equity arm One Equity Partners, is close to submitting a formal bid for the Aston Martin brand, The Telegraph reported. The British newspaper said that the deal may value Aston Martin, the luxury British carmaker put up for sale [...]")('2006110', "The London Stock Exchange has proposed an operational tie-up with its Japanese counterpart, the Tokyo Stock Exchange, according to the Nihon Keizai Shimbun. The report comes on the heels of an announcement by the Tokyo exchange that it is in talks with the New York Stock Exchange that could bring together the world's two largest [...]")('2006110', "Four Seasons Hotels said Monday it had received a management-led buyout offer valued at $3.7 billion. The buyout group includes Four Seasons chief executive and controlling shareholder Isadore Sharp; Kingdom Hotels International, a company owned by a trust created by Prince Alwaleed Bin Talal Bin Abdulaziz Alsaud; and Bill Gates's Cascade Investment. The deal calls [...]")('2006110', "Is Vivendi in play? That was the question being whispered among the world's media moguls over the weekend after it emerged that Vivendi had held talks with Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Company over a potential $50 billion takeover bid, which would have been the largest leveraged buyout offer in history. With big media and telecommunications [...]")('2006110', "The conventional wisdom is that the billionaire investor Carl Icahn failed in his bid to force a breakup of Time Warner. But we should all fail so well: The shares Mr. Icahn bought for $17 apiece recently traded at about $20. Even Time Warner's chief executive has recently acknowledged that Mr. Icahn's efforts did some [...]")('2006110', "On Sunday an Iraqi court found Saddam Hussein guilty of crimes against humanity and sentenced him to death by hanging. President Bush seized on the conviction as a milestone, seeking to rally Republican voters with the issue of national security. How will the Hussein verdict affect the outcome of Tuesday's elections?")('2006110', 'In this lesson, students analyze the effects of devices and protocols used to communicate and create posters highlighting their findings. They then write response papers exploring the future of these social networking methods.')('2006110', 'Photos of New York City Marathon')('2006110', 'Bowl Championship Series inventer Roy Kramer discusses success of BCS (S)')('2006110', "Rep Mike Sodrel, Republican incumbent in Indiana's Ninth Congressional District, finds himself in one of tightest races in country, with polls showing tossup between him and Democrat Baron Hill; photos (M)")('2006110', 'Justice Michael R Ambrecht letter defends his decision that noted misuse of Office of the District Attorney of New York County during primary campaign in 2005 (Oct 31 article)')('2006110', 'Two marketers name interactive agency AKQA to handle new assignments; Diageo consolidates worldwide digital account for Smirnoff vodka; awards it to AKQA; agency will develop global digital strategy and work with interactive agencies that create campaigns for McDonalds in local markets (S)')('2006110', "Harry Mitchell, Democrat, is challenging Rep J D Hayworth, six-term Republican, in Arizona's Fifth Congressional District, focusing on bringing change and less hard-line stance on illegal immigration; Hayworth emphasizes building border fence and vehemently opposes any plan that would lead to citizenship for illegal workers; photos (M)")('2006110', 'Letter from John Marshall, media relations manager for Bechtel, says Becthel did accomplish its mission in Iraq (Nov 3 column)')('2006110', 'Correction of Oct 26 television column on Battlestar Galactica on SciFi Channel regarding timing of decision to start braodcasting series in United States')('2006110', 'Seven letters comment on obesity crisis in America (Oct 29, Oct 30 and Nov 2 articles and Oct 31 editorial); Elsa Kieken says as long as Americans do not realize there is no miracle for too many calories, they will keep piling on pounds; Ruth Knoblauch says French people are thinner because they are more active; John Harrington says making fast-food restaurants list calories is waste of time; Cory Eisenhard says if New York wants to create health-conscious consumers, it should require fast-food establishments to show stats on saturated and trans fats and sugars; Stephen Helfer suggests taxing foods that contribute to epidemic of obesity; Omar Wing says perhaps simplest way to control obesity is to charge food by weight; Julian Jamison says cause for weight gain is behavior by both individual and society; drawing')('2006110', 'Wake Forest University defeats Boston College, 21-14; photo (S)')('2006110', 'Democratic and Republican candidates across country clash over war, immigration, economy, and ethics, seeking advantage in closing hours of election that will determine control of House and Senate; photos (M)')('2006110', 'Jon Pareles reviews new CD by J J Cale and Eric Clapton; photo (M)')('2006110', "Photo of Miami Dolphins' win against Chicago Bears")('2006110', 'Queens, NY, District Attorney Richard A Brown says driver of van involved in crash that killed three people and injured six suffered seizure before accident; investigation is continuing; photo (S)')('2006110', 'Photos of New York City Marathon')('2006110', 'Dr Champ L Baker Jr, president of American Orthopaedic Society for Sports Medicine, replies to Oct 29 article on surgical repairs on knees')('2006110', 'Kelefa Sanneh reviews new CD by Sugarland; photo (M)')('2006110', 'Correction of Oct 17 article on cases of puberty in very young children regarding given name of government official quoted')('2006110', "Round up of past week's advertising account changes (S)")('2006110', "Former New York senator Alfonse M D'Amato replies to criticism by Democratic comptroller candidate Alan G Hevesi that D'Amato endorsed Republican comptroller candidate J Christopher Callaghan because D'Amato and his political allies are unsavory lobbyists who want slices of state employees' pension fund investments; photo (M)")('2006110', 'Nate Chinen reviews new CD by John Taylor; photo (M)')('2006110', "Photos of Washington Redskins' win against Dallas Cowboys")('2006110', 'Campaign for New York State comptroller includes candidates other than Democrat Alan G Hevesi and Republican J Christopher Callaghan; other candidates are Julia Willebrand, Willie Cotton and John J Cain; photos (M)')('2006110', 'Photo of Marilson Gomes dos Santos of Brazil breaking tape to win his New York City Marathon debut')('2006110', "Letter from Lorie Van Auken and Mindy Kleinberg says Bush administration's penchant for keeping secrets and classifying information in interest of national security makes its publication of Iraq's secret nuclear research on Internet more egregious (Nov 3 article)")('2006110', "Prime Min Recep Erdogan of Turkey signals that he is prepared to amend law limiting free speech, surprise move that is attempt to prevent crisis with European Union over Turkey's troubled membership talks; European Commission is expected to publish damning report this week criticizing Turkey for sluggishness on changes it needs to make if it wants to join 25-member European Union; Turkey's law on freedom of expression, which makes 'denigration of Turkish state and identity' crime, has generated widespread international criticism; fears are growing in Turkey that talks with European Union have reached impasse that could result in suspension of Turkey's bid for membership (M)")('2006110', 'Rep E Clay Shaw Jr, Republican incumbent in Florida, tells volunteers they are his secret weapon in close race with Democratic challenger, State Sen Ron Klein; says voters should trust his seniority; Klein emphasizes his status as outsider and theme of anti-incumbency; photos (M)')('2006110', "MediaBuys will seek advertisers for New Orleans Mardi Gras for second year since city relaxed its rules on allowing sponsorship of 150 year-old tradition; will try to sign more companies than last year's single sponsor; sponsorships will be valued from $12,500 up to $1 million (S)")('2006110', 'Democrats and Republicans have been elected to House of Representatives along party lines and with little competition since 1992; 2006 may depart from trend, with polls separating candidates by just slim margin in at least 30 races this year; chart (M)')('2006110', 'Kelefa Sanneh reviews new CD by Keith Urban; photos (M)')('2006110', 'Dave Anderson Sports of The Times column discusses upcoming game between Chicago Bears and New York Giants; photos (M)')('2006110', "Photo of Jelena Prokopcuka, who won women's field at New York City Marathon")('2006110', 'Correction of Oct 26 television review about In Search of the Real Frankenstein regarding protagonist of novel')('2006110', 'New York Giants tight end Jeremy Shockey has eight receptions in win against Houston Texans (M)')('2006110', 'Photo of Decemberists lead singer Colin Meloy at CMJ Music Marathon')('2006110', "Correction of Critics' Chocie column Oct 31 on new DVDs regarding cast of film My Friend Irma Goes West")('2006110', 'Peter J Roskam, Republican running for House seat in suburbs of Chicago, is endorsed by Veterans of Foreign Wars even though he has never served in military; his Democratic opponent, Tammy Duckworth, who lost her legs in Iraq war, says it never occurred to her to seek VFW endorsement; says she will maintain her membership; photo (M)')('2006110', 'Free Enterprise Fund, Republican group that favors tax cuts, spoofs movie trailer in ad it is running in Montana against Jon Tester, Democrat running for Senate; ad implies it is Democrats nature to increase taxes (S)')('2006110', 'Miami Dolphins defeat Chicago Bears, 31-13; Denver Broncos defeat Pittsburgh Steelers, 31-20; New Orleans Saints defeat Tampa Bay Buccaneers, 31-14; Detroit Lions defeat Atlanta Falcons, 30-14; San Diego Chargers defeat Cleveland Browns, 32-25; Jacksonville Jaguars defeat Tennessee Titans, 37-7; San Francisco 49ers defeat Minnesota Vikings, 9-3; Buffalo Bills defeat Green Bay Packers, 24-10; Kansas City Chiefs defeat St Louis Rams, 31-17; photo (S)')('2006110', 'Verity Auden-Stevens letter thanks Bob Herbert for his Nov 2 column on violence against women; says no country is free of misogyny')('2006110', 'Bid4Spots will expand reach from traditional radio to Internet radio by adding online-only broadcasters to its weekly auctions for commercial space; chief executive David Newmark comments (S)')('2006110', "William Eisen leter thanks David Shenk for his Nov 3 Op-Ed article on Alzheimer's disease; says society needs continual reminders of disease that threatens so many")('2006110', 'James Eisenstein and Dean G Huffman letters support Oct 30 editorial deploring Republican demands for fence along border of Mexico')('2006110', "Iranian Foreign Ministry says that Iraqi officials asked Iran to hold talks with United States and that it will consider doing so if US makes official request; such talks were agreed to in March, but tensions between countries over Iran's nuclear program began escalating and final arrangements were never made; some American military commanders have accused Iran of training and equipping violent Shiite groups in Iraq (S)")('2006110', 'College football poll voters are busy after games; photos (M)')('2006110', 'Over 940,000 political advertisements ran on local television in 11 weeks starting starting Aug 1; figure is 31 percent more than same period in 2002; photo; graph (S)')('2006110', 'Drilling Down column on Journal of Marketing study that shows people prefer food they think is unhealthy; discusses second study by University of Texas assistant professor Rajagopal Raghunathan that produced similar results; graph; photo (s)')('2006110', 'Week of college football discussed (S)')('2006110', 'Towers Group is acquired by Middleberg Communications; financial terms are not disclosed; Towers will become division of Middleberg with Alan Towers as chairman and Scott Sunshine as president (S)')('2006110', 'Photos of entrants in New York City Marathon')('2006110', "Jerry McNerney, Democrat locked in close race with Rep Richard W Pombo in California's 11th Congressional District, is basing much of his campaign on tinge of scandal clinging to Pombo, who accepted tens of thousands of dollars in past campaign contributions from disgraced lobbyist Jack Abramoff; Pombo says he has done nothing wrong; photos (M)")('2006110', 'Maria Castro is helped with problems of home bursting with family by Catholic Charities, which is supported by New York Times Neediest Cases Fund; photo (M)')('2006110', 'Tight New Jersey senatorial race between Democratic Sen Robert Menendez and Republican Thomas H Kean Jr gets infusion from national parties of political advertising, volunteers and national political figures; New York State gubernatorial candidates Democrat Eliot Spitzer and Republican John Faso and Democratic senatorial candidate Hillary Rodham Clinton attend rallies for candidates in New York; Connecticut senatorial candidates Democrat Ned Lamont and independent Joseph I Lieberman continue their campaigning; photos (M)')('2006110', "Darcy Burner, Democrat challenging Rep Dave Reichert in Washington Congressional district, compares him to Pres Bush and says he is out of touch with his constituents on social and economic issues; Reichert runs ads saying Burner lacks experience, wants to raise taxes and dodges difficult questions; 40 percent of voters have already sent in their ballots, taking advantage of state's mail-in voting option; photos (M)")('2006110', 'The Democratic takeover of the House was aided by three victories New York, including an open seat. Two Republican incumbents were defeated, although three others beat back strong challenges, based on unofficial returns. Here is an updated roundup of the most closely watched New York races: Congressman Tom Reynolds, the head of the House Republican [...]')('2006110', 'At the Hit & Run blog for his small-l libertarian magazine, Reason senior editor Brian Doherty celebrates "a genuine spoiler moment" for the capital-L Libertarian Party in Indiana\'s 9th Congressional District, where Baron Hill defeated the incumbent Republican Mike Sodrel by two points, with Libertarian candidate Eric Schansberg pulling in 4 percent of the vote [...]')('2006110', 'Despite a scandal implicating Antoin Rezko, a close political associate, Gov. Rod Blagojevich has managed to hold off Judy Baar Topinka.')('2006110', 'The networks all call the House of Representatives and speculation turns to just what that means.')('2006110', 'Alan G. Hevesi, in accepting victory tonight, seemed to issue a challenge to critics who have suggested that he should be removed from office for granting his wife access to a state-funded driver. Though banished to a small celebration, away from the unified gathering of other victorious New York Democrats, Mr. Hevesi declared that voters [...]')('2006110', 'Democrats take their 14th seat.')('2006110', 'Florida Democrats take two of the three hot house races there.')('2006110', 'Web site hacking in Michigan and campaign office vandalism in Colorado -- evidence of the politically passionate behaving badly.')('2006110', "Elected by the voters of Massachusetts, Deval Patrick will become the second African-American governor in American history. Garance Franke-Ruta, who is spending election night contributing to three blogs (Tapped, The Plank, and her personal site, TheGarance.com) has watched Patrick campaign from her perch as a fellow at Harvard's Shorenstein Center at the John F. Kennedy [...]")('2006110', 'In her six minute concession speech tonight, Jeanine F. Pirro - decked in a glossy pink lipstick and shiny crimson suit - remained upbeat about a campaign for New York attorney general that had been up-ended by marital troubles and a federal investigation. Jeanine Pirro leaves the stage after her concession speech. (Shiho Fukada/Associated Press) [...]')('2006110', 'Incumbent governors stick around in Wyoming, Wisconsin and South Carolina.')('2006110', "Since corruption was one of the major issues pressing on voters' minds among issues today, we thought we'd turn your attention to the outcomes of a few races that everyone has watched closely for months. Ohio's 18th District, held until this year (actually, he only resigned last week) by Congressman Bob Ney, flipped over to [...]")('2006110', 'In claiming victory tonight, Mrs. Clinton said the accomplishment by Democrats in New York and across the country provided proof that the American people wanted a change in direction. She directly challenged Vice President Dick Cheney, who said in a recent interview that no matter what happened in the election, the administration would continue to [...]')('2006110', "Looks like second try's the charm for Paul Hodes, the Democrat who just beat Representative Charles Bass in New Hampshire's Second Congressional District after losing to him two years ago.")('2006110', "Mark Foley's House seat flips to the Democratic candidate, as the G.O.P. replacement concedes.")('2006110', 'Charlie Crist keeps Florida, and G.O.P. governors hang on to Alabama and Georgia.')('2006110', "The network consensus: Fasten your seatbelts, it's going to be a bumpy night.")('2006110', "As word circulated through the Four Points Sheraton here in Meriden that the race had been called for Joe Lieberman, jaunty grins became tight frowns, and then tears. The concession speech. (Bob Falcetti/Getty Images) Ned Lamont's supporters clustered around the television sets and projector screens scattered throughout the ballroom, as if Mr. Lamont's defeat needed [...]")('2006110', 'The columnist Charles Krauthammer once joked that whenever a candidate received 97 percent or more of the "vote," chances are there wasn\'t a free election to begin with. If I remember correctly -I\'ll have to check my copy of "Cutting Edges" later tonight - Krauthammer called this the "Pristina Rule," after the faux democracy in [...]')('2006110', '"Six more years, six more years." "Joe, Joe, Joe." "Nah, nah, nah; nah, nah, nah, nah, hey, hey, hey goodbye." The Senator thanks supporters after his victory speech. (Ruth Fremson/The New York Times) These were just a few of the chants greeting Joe Lieberman at 10:35 PM as he appeared at the Goodwin hotel in [...]')('2006110', "Jason DeCrow/Associated Press J. Christopher Callaghan just called to congratulate State Comptroller Alan G. Hevesi on his victory, according to Hank Morris, Mr. Hevesi's senior adviser. At this hour, with 49 percent of the precincts in New York State reporting, Mr. Hevesi was well ahead with 59.6 percent of the vote to Mr. Callaghan's 36.1 [...]")('2006110', 'Firedoglake says the \'Vanity Party\' won. DailyKos: "The White House celebrates Joe Lieberman\'s victory. So do warmongers." Supporters of Joseph Lieberman watch the polls come in at the site of his campaign party in Hartford, Conn. (Spencer Platt/Getty Images) Connecticut Bob: "This was about the political machine pulling out all the stops in the incumbent [...]')('2006110', 'Ned Lamont concedes in the Connecticut Senate race.')('2006110', "At 10 p.m. on the east coast, CBS and NBC go live with their hour-long coverage, joining ABC, which beat them by 30 minutes by going on the air at 9:30. Katie Couric introduces CBS's coverage by telling viewers that if they've voted, they've done their bit for democracy. And then all the broadcast networks [...]")('2006110', 'New York gets a Democratic governor; Oklahoma keeps a Democratic governor.')('2006110', 'Patrick Healy reports on tonight\'s Big Dance for New York\'s Democrats, where Eliot Spitzer, Andrew M. Cuomo and Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton have converged at a Manhattan hotel for an election-night party. "New Yorkers clearly seemed ready for a new spirit of reform, change, and even populism after 12 years of Pataki, and the Democratic [...]')('2006110', 'Stronger wine, but still enjoyable.')('2006110', "Ned Lamont has conceded the Connecticut Senate race to Joe Lieberman, and The Times has called the race for Mr. Lieberman, based on unofficial returns. At the Four Points Sheraton in Meriden, he said: We made a difference. You can't do anything in life without your family. I'm here with my family. [Applause.] Do your [...]")('2006110', 'More races in the House.')('2006110', 'The call is based on unofficial election returns. In her concession speech, she said, "I want you to know that this race has been a success. Why? Because we fought for the issues I\'ve fought for all my life – so tonight we stand tall."')('2006110', 'Looking calm, and not surprised, John Faso conceded to Eliot Spitzer around 9:45 PM, acknowledging his defeat to Democrat Eliot Spitzer. Eliot Spitzer with wife, Silda, and running mate David Patterson, after hearing of Faso\'s concession. (James Estrin/The New York Times) "This election is not a beginning and an end but part of an ongoing [...]')('2006110', 'CNN invites the elite of political blogging to a Washington D.C.-area cafe for a night of breathless Election blogging. Hot stuff!')('2006110', 'The networks focus in on how this mid-term election has been nationalized much more than in the past.')('2006110', 'The call is based on unofficial election returns.')('2006110', '"Whatever else happens tonight, Santorum\'s defeat marks a great day for conservatism and a great day for America," writes libertarian-minded Republican Ryan Sager, the author of "The Elephant in the Room: Evangelicals, Libertarians, and the Battle to Control the Republican Party," on his personal blog. Conservatives who think otherwise, Sager argues, fail "to realize that [...]')('2006110', "The Senate We've just called both Pennsylvania and Ohio Senate races for the Democrats. You know the candidates, and the Republican incumbents, Rick Santorum in the Keystone state and Mike DeWine in the Buckeye State, had been trailing in recent days. Representative Sherrod Brown, the Democrat, had hammered Mr. DeWine over his close ties to [...]")('2006110', "Michael Cooper of The New York Times reports that John Faso has conceded to Eliot Spitzer in the New York governor's race. Update: Almost simultaneously, The Times called it for Spitzer, based on unofficial election returns.")('2006110', "Shallow people look at election returns to see who won. Profound people look for world historical trends. I've got my shallow side, and what I see so far is a Democratic tide but not a tsunami. The exit polls suggested a complete blowout, but the results, as they stand at 9:45 suggest many swing races [...]")('2006110', 'There continues to be daylight between Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver and Eliot Spitzer on the scandal surrounding Alan Hevesi, signaling the problems that will remain ahead for the Democratic Party even as their celebration begins tonight. At the Midtown Sheraton Hotel and Towers this evening, where all the top state Democrats save Hevesi are gathered, [...]')('2006110', 'Howard Dean visits Fox News and tries to dampen expectations')('2006110', 'With the Tom Kean Jr. apparently losing to Senator Robert Menendez, explanations of defeat are beginning to surface. Tom Wilson, chairman of the Republican party in New Jersey, acknowledged the difficulty that the party\'s candidates had this year, and pointed to Iraq. "There\'s obviously some voters who\'re concerned – Republicans and Democrats alike – about [...]')('2006110', "The Albany Times Union is reporting that a denial of service attack has specifically targeted Capital Confidential, the paper's political blog, disabling it shortly after 1 p.m. The T-U is the largest local paper covering one of the most contentious Congressional races in the region, as Republican Congressman John Sweeney tries to hold off Democratic [...]")('2006110', 'Steve Minarik, chairman of New York\'s Republican party, acknowledged a few minutes ago that his candidates are in a tough slog, and he seems to be holding onto Christopher Callaghan as the state party\'s only possible victor. "The news media in general kind of pre-ordained Eliot Spitzer\'s victory and so that made it more of [...]')('2006110', 'Indiana incumbent loses his seat.')('2006110', 'The call is based on unofficial election returns. Senator Robert Menendez at the Hilton Hotel in East Brunswick, N.J. At left is his daughter Alicia, at right his son Rob, and Gov. Jon Corzine is at far right. (Richard Perry/The New York Times)')('2006110', 'Democrats take Tennessee and Massachusetts.')('2006110', "Whoops and hollars rang out minutes ago from Joe Lieberman's supporters at the Goodwin Hotel in Hartford. While the Senator remained in his room, his supporters started to celebrate. Crews and members of the media prepare for the evening's activities at the site of Joe Lieberman's campaign party. (Spencer Platt/Getty Images) Like his opponent, Senator [...]")('2006110', 'While A.P. and others - but not The Times - are projecting Joe Lieberman as the winner, based on exit polls, Ned Lamont and his campaign seemed to be preparing for raucous bash tonight at the Four Points Sheraton in Meriden. Ned Lamont with his wife, Annie, at his election night ballroom in Meriden, Conn. [...]')('2006110', "Here's what we know in the early going. Everyone on television - and certainly anyone who looks at the Internet - knows that the exit polls look very good for Democrats in Senate races. But we're not allowed to say that because we all know what happened with exit polls in 2004. So we must [...]")('2006110', 'So does MSNBC, based on exit polls. The Times is waiting on returns.')('2006110', "As the polls closed around New Jersey, Tom Kean Jr. watched the returns come in at the Marriott hotel in Bridgewater. Mr. Kean sat on a sofa with his wife, sipping occasionally from a bottle of spring water watching the results come in. In another part of Mr. Kean's suite, supporters watched the returns on [...]")('2006110', 'The cable networks become more assertive in calling the races.')('2006110', 'Apparently, accusing your opponent of misogyny will only take you so far. According to the CNN exit poll, women voters in Virginia supported Democratic challenger James Webb today by a margin of 53 to 46 percent. According to the poll, Republican incumbent George Allen won the votes of white women, 54 to 45 percent, but [...]')('2006110', "Five seconds after the polls closed, NY 1 projected Eliot Spitzer, Hillary Clinton and Andrew M. Cuomo as the winners. Not exactly a surprise. But there's no projection in the Hevesi/Callaghan race - as we noted below, it wasn't in the exit poll questionnaire.")('2006110', 'Speaking from Democratic Party headquarters in Washington around 8:45 p.m. alongside Minority leader Harry Reid, Senator Charles Schumer said claimed New Jersey for his party, shortly after several news organizations - but not The Times - projected the race for Senator Bob Menendez. "Senator Reid and I just spoke to Bob Menendez and New Jersey [...]')('2006110', "Voting in New York State ends in about 7 minutes. We can tell you one thing about the exit polls: There wasn't a question about the state comptroller's race. When the questionnaire for New York was prepared by the National Election Pool, the networks and the Associated Press, Comptroller Alan G. Hevesi wasn't facing his [...]")('2006110', "We're not ready to make any calls yet, but at 8:35 p.m. CNN projected Senator Bob Menendez to win over Republican Tom Kean Jr. Update: NBC and CBS have too. The projections are based on exit polls. The Associated Press has also projected Mr. Menendez as the winner. The Times is waiting for more official [...]")('2006110', 'Bill Nelson to win Florida Senate.')('2006110', 'Good news about the economy does not crack through concerns about corruption and Iraq.')('2006110', "A taste of the flyers floating around New York today, attacking Alan G. Hevesi, the beleaguered Comptroller candidate. Despite the endorsement for his opponent, J. Christopher Callaghan, it's not clear who is responsible for the Old West design.")('2006110', 'The Clinton thumbs-up captures bipartisan support.')('2006110', 'Going out on a limb and calling a contested race.')('2006110', 'The polls are about to close in the Nutmeg State, where Senator Joe Lieberman and Ned Lamont are locked in electoral battle. The Connecticut Secretary of State has projected voter turnout rate of about 66 percent, in a year in which new registrations had come in record numbers. In 2002, turnout was 56.5 percent. Once [...]')('2006110', "Jeanine Pirro and her staff must be busy. Her staff hasn't been answering phones or emails all day. Jeanine Pirro cast her vote at Harrison Elementary School in Westhercher today. (Karen Vibert-Kennedy/Associated Press) What we do know is that Ms. Pirro will be going back to the roots of New York State's suffrage movement to [...]")('2006110', "Keith Olbermann stakes his claim to inherit Dan Rather's crown as king of colorful phrases.")('2006110', 'The Politicker talks to a confident Peter King, who blasts his hometown paper: Rep. Peter King (Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images) "It\'s five hours to the polls, but based on everything I know, as of 4:35 this is a campaign totally contrived by Newsday," he said. He said the reports of his fund-raising were greatly downplayed in [...]')('2006110', "The broadcast networks gingerly use exit-poll data to take the measure of the nation's mood, but are careful not to call any races.")('2006110', 'Call it a possibly entertaining (and definitely odd) aside. A man, a bird: Neither seems happy. (Click to watch video.) Here\'s a video clip of a guy with a green bird on his shoulder complaining about the robo-call from Tony Bennett on behalf of Hillary Clinton. "What was it that Tony Bennett could have said [...]')('2006110', "When blogs and pundits warned of malfunctioning voting machines and voter troubles at the polls they probably didn't expect elected officials to be among the troubled. Talking Points Memo linked to a report from The Cincinnati Enquirer that said Congressman Steve Chabot, Republican of Ohio, was sent home for proof of residency after his driver's [...]")('2006110', 'Some of our favorite comment threads on The Empire Zone today: The Voters, Their Day "Election 411": Basic voting info, and field reports from readers about how the voting went. "Voting Problems, Perhaps?": Tell us about your troubles. "The Trouble With Chelsea": Ms. Clinton\'s voting problems, yours, voter suppression etc. A spirited discussion. "Is This [...]')('2006110', 'We normally think of voter intimidation as threatening violence to keep people away from the polls.')('2006110', 'In Rocky Hill, Mr. Lamont stood outside the West Hill School in the gathering darkness for nearly an hour, greeting voters. "I voted Lamont," said Claire Doran, a dance teacher, as she walked briskly from the polls. "Time for a change. Things are a little sluggish. Gotta go." A line of elderly voters trooped off [...]')('2006110', "At least Alan Hevesi's personal Elba has a fun name - the Jolly Madison Towers, a hotel at 22 East 38th Street in Midtown. That is where his party-in-exile will be tonight. Democratic operatives said Mr. Hevesi was made aware that he would not be welcome at the New York party gala tonight at the [...]")('2006110', 'The networks seek to amaze with technological marvels and wizened political pros.')('2006110', "South Carolina's governor was turned away at the polls.")('2006110', 'His Democratic opponent faces an ethics complaint, a criminal inquiry and might be thrown out of office. With his bow-ties and affable, folksy manner - he had his favorite turkey sandwich, fries and orange soda for lunch today, according to his campaign - Christopher Callaghan has become the lone bright spot for Republicans in New [...]')('2006110', 'In the comments section, Allison Wilcox suggests that young voters might tip the scales to victory for Ned Lamont. "With any luck," she wrote, "the voter turn out of college students and other less traditional voters will swing the vote in his very deserving direction." Actually though, if history is any guide, Generation Blog has [...]')('2006110', 'New anchors at CBS, NBC and ABC give voters another decision to make on Election Day.')('2006110', "Andrew M. Cuomo's biggest benefactor has opened his checkbook yet again. Even with Mr. Cuomo enjoying a double-digit lead in the polls over the Republican, Jeanine F. Pirro, business entities controlled by Andrew L. Farkas gave Cuomo's campaign an additional $119,000 on Saturday and Monday, new Board of Election filings show. Andrew Cumo, right, the [...]")('2006110', "There's been no mistaking Joe Lieberman's ad campaign over the last few weeks, with flyers, commercials and sandwich boards imploring voters to go to the bottom of the ballot to find the incumbent senator. But reports are coming in that indeed, Mr. Lieberman seems almost tucked away in some voting machines. As Mr. Lieberman and [...]")('2006110', 'As Tom Kean Jr. Finished a tour of Hackensack\'s Main Street Tuesday afternoon and prepared to climb into the campaign\'s hybrid Ford Escape, a woman who is familiar to many of those who followed the Democratic campaign stepped forward to shake his hand and said, "I wanted to wish you luck." "Thank you," Mr. Kean [...]')('2006110', "Tom Reynolds, the Republican incumbent from New York's 26th Congressional District, and his opponent, Jack Davis, a Democrat, apparently don't feel the need to campaign much today. Sure, they're in a statistical dead heat, and control of Congress may be up for grabs. But here on Election Day, they both seemed to have more important [...]")('2006110', "What we're looking at while we wait... Why you're not seeing any exit polls on the blogs: The people who know are locked in a room. No Blackberries! No Treos! Actually, that doesn't sound so bad right now... [The Caucus.] In New York, the Republican post-mortems started before the results were in. [Room 8.] Some [...]")('2006110', 'Lost amid the flurry of comments today is this plea from a reader named Sara: I love elections and am looking for a good place to watch the results tonight. My couch is a good bet, but it would be more fun to watch it somewhere with a range of opinions and self pronounced experts. [...]')('2006110', "This is coming from one side of the hotly contested State Senate race in Westchester, so all caveats apply, but it's interesting. The Politicker reports complaints from the campaign of Andrea Stewart-Cousins, the Democrat who lost to State Senator Nick Spano by just 18 votes the last time around: One voter report they got was [...]")('2006110', 'ABC surprises its competitors by super-sizing its planned one-hour primetime coverage.')('2006110', 'Ned Lamont spent the early afternoon in central Connecticut, hitting towns near Hartford like New Britain and Berlin, which tend to support Joe Lieberman. (He won them both, albeit narrowly, in the Democratic primary.) It\'s hard to get a good picture of turnout. "I\'ve seen primaries that had more excitement, more voting," said Robert Clinch, [...]')('2006110', 'Complaints - from both sides - about voting machine problems make their way to the blogs.')('2006110', "Is J.P. Morgan Chase in danger of getting too big? Not yet, according to Jamie Dimon, the bank's chairman and chief executive. It's a fair question for the company, which after a series of huge deals in recent years now has $1.3 trillion in assets, a vast consumer operation in the U.S. and a presence [...]")('2006110', 'Family time at Jekyll and Hyde.')('2006110', "There were still hours a few hours yet to go in the 2006 election, but when Tom Kean Jr. appeared on the stump in Hackensack this afternoon with a certain former New York City mayor, most people's attention began to reflexively shift two years down the political road. Rudolph W. Giuliani in Hackensack today at [...]")('2006110', 'The A-380 is a white elephant, but Airbus probably will not have the nerve to kill it off.')('2006110', 'In Orange and Ulster Counties, roughly 60 miles north of New York City, anti-incumbency fervor has officially made an appearance. Workers at polling places are reporting higher than usual turnout, and a few cases of complete rejectionism. "We had one woman come in and ask us who all of the incumbents were," said Gene Meier, [...]')('2006110', "It's early, but Democrats in New Jersey are feeling encouraged about the early reports of turnout in urban areas. In Newark, for instance, Mayor Cory Booker said early this afternoon that turnout, while not as heavy as this year's mayoral race, was on par with last year's governor's race, and other comparable elections - a [...]")('2006110', "Chelsea Clinton may not have been alone. We've received a handful of calls, emails or comments from New York City readers describing problems at their polling sites. So far, the problems seem largely logistical and minor - a polling station at a school on W. 45th Street, for example, and another in Chelsea that did [...]")('2006110', 'Caution and coffee. Both will be in plentiful supply this evening in the studios and control rooms of the broadcast and cable news networks.')('2006110', 'Project Vote Smart, the nonpartisan repository of information for voters about elected officials and candidates, usually stays above the political fray.')('2006110', "For Hispanic voters, a candidate's position on immigration does not matter as much as how he or she expresses it.")('2006110', "Eliot Spitzer may not have won yet, but he has already started saying his weepy goodbyes. At 11 a.m., after voting and joshing with Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg at the polls, Mr. Spitzer held a meeting with his top aides and staff members at the Attorney General's office. Abandoning his pit-bull reputation for something closer [...]")('2006110', 'He has already sold works of art and a historic yacht to help pay court-ordered restitution. Now, former Tyco chief executive Dennis Kozlowski, in prison for stealing from the company, has cashed in his home in Colorado, according to Bloomberg News. Citing court documents, Bloomberg said a buyer has agreed to pay $10 million for [...]')('2006110', 'Gov. Jon S. Corzine of New Jersey cast his ballot in Hoboken just before noon, and predicted success today for Democrats. Following his party\'s apparent disregard for the idea of under-promise over-deliver, he told reporters that voter turnout around the Garden State seemed to be high and "that is usually good for my friends." Specifically, [...]')('2006110', 'Ben of The Daily Politics has an update on the robo-call issue: A phone engineer in Berkeley, CA, George Gleason, has turned up a suggestive backstory to the calls. According to several reports, some of them appear to come from a particular (559) number near Fresno, CA. Helpfully, there\'s a website called "Who Called Us" [...]')('2006110', 'Trading in Treasury bonds may not be the most glamorous corner of Wall Street. But it has gotten the attention of the New York Federal Reserve, which assembled a collection of Treasury dealers on Monday and advised them to do more to prevent market manipulation. Executives from the 22 primary dealers, which buy the securities [...]')('2006110', 'Think positively, says Remez Sasson of SuccessConsciousness.com. Good advice for both parties.')('2006110', 'In case anyone had doubts, exit polling is underway in New York today, with clipboard-toting men and women asking - among other things - whether Hillary Rodham Clinton would make a good president and whether voters would support her over Rudy Giuliani in 2008. Check out this snapshot by Jesse Oxfeld, formerly maestro of Gawker, [...]')('2006110', "Siemens' efforts to unload its corporate telecommunications business are not going well, a report from Reuters suggests. The German conglomerate has been seeking buyers for the unit ever since it agreed to place the rest of its telecom networking operations in a joint venture with Nokia in June. At that time, some analysts said the [...]")('2006110', 'This just in from the Baguette, the Bagger\'s colleague Paula Schwartz. Turns out that while the Bagger was wandering around Santa Monica listening to hustlers haggle over Polish DVD rights for "Miami Vice," the Baguette was clinking crystal with Sting. Chazz Palminteri in "A Guide to Recognizing Your Saints." (Photo: Walter Thomson/First Look Media) The [...]')('2006110', 'Has the former first daughter lost her chance to vote? Hillary Clinton began election day greeting early morning commuters at the Chappaqua train station before making her way with former President Bill Clinton to vote. But in addition to worrying about securing the support of local residents, she also faced an election snafu involving her [...]')('2006110', "It was nearly three months to the day since Ned Lamont, the Democratic senate candidate in Connecticut, last popped out of his car to cast his vote at Greenwich High School. But in a sign of how thoroughly the national political climate has changed - and how much less attention Mr. Lamont's insurgent bid against [...]")('2006110', 'The online magazine Slate is following several big betting sites to track the odds on Tuesday\'s elections by giving hour-by-hour updates on its "Political Futures" feature. Slate\'s theory is that "a single person\'s bet on an election outcome isn\'t very good, but thousands of bets, with real stakes, are more likely to predict the correct [...]')('2006110', "The Democratic nominee for Senate, Ned Lamont, with wife Annie and daughter Lindsay, checking in to vote at the Greenwich High School this morning. (Librado Romero/The New York Times) Ned Lamont, the Democrat seeking to unseat Senator Joe Lieberman, didn't wait to vote. He was up bright and early with his game face on. We'll [...]")('2006110', "Senator Joe Lieberman took a break from greeting voters at Meadow School in Milford early this morning to give an interview on Fox News. (Ruth Fremson/The New York Times.) There's a strange sense of déjà vu in these parts. Weren't elections here just yesterday? Oh right, that just was the Democratic primary. Round 2, as [...]")('2006110', 'State Comptroller Alan G. Hevesi voted this morning at P.S. 144 in Forest Hills. Despite a state ethics report that says that he broke the law by using a state worker to chauffeur his wife, Mr. Hevesi remained ahead of Republican J. Christopher Callaghan in recent polls. This morning, Mr. Hevesi said he was "cautiously [...]')('2006110', 'Think of Election Day 2006 as your one-day reprieve from the upcoming two-year slog of the 2008 presidential campaign, which, as Salon Washington bureau chief Walter Shapiro observes, "officially begins" tomorrow. Shapiro also writes, "The truth is that -with unreliable or nonexistent polling in most House districts - virtually everyone in politics is flying blind [...]')('2006110', 'Credit Suisse has named Keith Schappert, the former head of Federated Investment Advisory Companies, as chief executive of the Americas for its asset management division. Mr. Schappert will report to David Blumer, the chief executive of asset management for Credit Suisse. Go to Item from Financial News Online » Dennis Barsky, formerly a partner in [...]')('2006110', 'The closest the Bagger got to the two big stars of "Babel," which the crowd loved, loved was online. But he did meet the eight year old who played the abandoned son of the characters played by Brad Pitt and Cate Blanchett. Nathan Gamble, who also played one of the kids on the run in [...]')('2006110', 'Wearing a dark suit and irrepressible grin, Eliot Spitzer strode up East 81st Street in Manhattan this morning, hand-in-hand with wife Silda and his three young daughters, Elyssa, 16, Sarabeth, 14 and Jenna, 12.) Inside the polling station at P.S. 6, he crowded into a booth with the girls and emerged moments later to find [...]')('2006110', 'Tabloid readers might think that all Lindsay Lohan does is work on generating material for them, but she also makes movies, btw, and has just signed on to do "The Loss of a Teardrop Diamond," a long lost Tennessee Williams screenplay. "It\'s an amazing story," said Stuart Ford, the president of First Look International. "It [...]')('2006110', 'Even as polls continued to show Tom Kean Jr. trailing Bob Menendez in the race for the United States Senate in New Jersey Mr. Kean continued to express optimism this morning. Tom Kean Jr. at the polls today. (Fred R. Conrad/The New York Times) "We feel great," Mr. Kean told reporters as he left his [...]')('2006110', 'The Bagger was on the deck of Le Merigot Hotel in Santa Monica at the American Film Market talking about the dynamics of the Croatian film market. "Mostly weird B-movie action adventure," the woman in the pink pant suit explains in wonderful English. After going to the premier of "Babel" last night, the Bagger could [...]')('2006110', 'The Bagger ran out of steam halfway through the day and has limped out to a familiar bench at LAX, a place in front of Continental he has filed from many times before. The start of the season, at least for him - others have been in full swing for sometime now - makes him [...]')('2006110', "Democratic Congressional hopeful Jack Davis vowed to spend at least $2 million on his second challenge to Rep. Tom Reynolds, a Republican from the Buffalo area, but all those advertisements and mailers apparently didn't quite make the 73-year-old businessman a household name, or face. When Mr. Davis arrived at his polling place in the suburb [...]")('2006110', "How many seats will change hands in the House of Representatives today? Not as many as the public would prefer, says The New Republic in an editorial: In the 1894 election, Democrats squandered 125 seats; in 1922, Republicans endured a loss of 77 seats. This year, for the first time in over a decade, there's [...]")('2006110', 'Christopher Cox, the chairman of the Securities and Exchange Commission, has taken a step into the blogosphere. In what the Associated Press describes as the first official communication posted to a blog by an S.E.C. chairman, Mr. Cox made a comment on the blog of Sun Microsystems chief executive (and frequent blogger), Jonathan Schwartz. Mr. [...]')('2006110', 'Senator Robert Menendez has been called many things in this campaign, but this morning, at least, you can call him Voter #11. Senator Robert Menendez at his polling place this morning. He is in a tight race with his Republican challenger, State Senator Thomas H. Kean Jr., and control of the Senate hinges on the [...]')('2006110', "Three United States buyout firms bought 93 percent of Egypt's Amoun Pharmaceuticals for 2.6 billion Egyptian pounds ($458 million) on Tuesday in one of the largest private-equity transactions ever in Egypt, Reuters reported. Citigroup Venture Capital International, Capital International Private Equity Fund IV and Concord International Investments bought the majority stake from Amoun Chairman Sarwat [...]")('2006110', "In our eighth and final installment of analysis of New York's four top political races, we find that the more time goes by, the more things stay the same. (To that end, a round-up of the final day in those contests is here.) On a related note, check back in with The Zone throughout the [...]")('2006110', 'Baldor Electric, which makes electrical motors, drives and generators, said early Tuesday it would acquire the power systems business of Rockwell Automation for $1.8 billion, mostly in cash. Rockwell said in June that it hired Sagent Advisors to seek buyers for the unit, whose brands include Reliance Electric and Dodge. Baldor will pay $1.75 billion [...]')('2006110', "Read this stuff now, because none of it's going to matter in about 12 hours.")('2006110', 'A record high turnout for a midterm election is expected.')('2006110', 'AT&T on Monday named two individuals and five companies in an amended lawsuit filed in Texas that charges they accessed customer information without authorization. The defendants are accused of pretexting, in which data brokers, investigators or others pose as the customer to gain confidential information. Pretexting has come into focus recently as a result of [...]')('2006110', "One of the Senate candidates with the least competitive races was the season's biggest spender.")('2006110', "A former marketing executive of Ahold's U.S. FoodService unit lied about earnings to increase the company's profit and earn bonuses as part of an $800 million accounting fraud, a prosecutor told a jury in closing arguments on Monday. The former executive, Mark Kaiser, has been accused of conspiracy, securities fraud and making false filings as [...]")('2006110', "An appeals court panel has rejected an Enron shareholder's challenge of a judge's decision to overturn former Enron Chairman Kenneth L. Lay's criminal convictions. The three-judge panel of the Court of Appeals for the Fifth United States Circuit refused to order Judge Simeon T. Lake III of United States District Court in Houston to reverse [...]")('2006110', 'Hong Kong has proposed punishing anti-competitive behavior like price-fixing and bid-rigging with fines, with the rules enforced by a new anti-monopoly watchdog. Currently, Hong Kong only regulates competition in the broadcasting and telecommunications industries. But on Monday the government proposed regulating all industries and imposing fines proportionate to the sales of companies violating the rules. [...]')('2006110', 'General Motors\' chief executive, Rick Wagoner, said on Monday that a deal over G.M.\'s contribution to labor costs at the auto-parts maker Delphi could be reached "reasonably soon" and end up costing G.M. between $6 billion to $7.5 billion, The Wall Street Journal said. Go to Article from Reuters »')('2006110', 'With sales down and losses up, the Internet retailer Overstock.com warned yesterday that it might have to raise capital next year, and added that it did not expect to have its latest problems fixed before Christmas. The chief executive, Patrick M. Byrne, was apologetic, describing the trend in revenues as "distressing" and blaming much of [...]')('2006110', "Macquarie Infrastructure Partners is buying Halterm Income Fund, which runs a shipping terminal at the Port of Halifax. The offer from Macquarie Infrastructure Partners, a United States-based equity-fund subsidiary of the Macquarie Bank of Australia, was $19 per unit, a premium of about 29 percent to Friday's closing price, after the retirement of existing debt [...]")('2006110', 'BridgePort Networks returned hat in hand to inside investors for $13 million, in a fourth round of venture capital intended to bolster infrastructure software sales to wireless telecommunications providers rolling out voice-over-Internet-protocol calling services. Previous investors TD Capital Ventures, BCE Capital, Polaris Venture Partners, and General Catalyst Partners all came back to invest in the [...]')('2006110', "In the past couple of years, hundreds of Internet start-ups have followed a trajectory similar to that of Meebo, a Web-based instant-messaging service. Initially eschewing traditional venture capital funds, the start-up's founders took out loans and accepted small amounts of funds from angel investors. (Eventually, the start-up succumbed to the charms of Sequoia Capital, the [...]")('2006110', "Aozora Bank, a Japanese lender majority-owned by the private equity firm Cerberus, priced its stock-market listing near the low end of its target range on Monday at $3.2 billion, suggesting lukewarm demand for Japan's biggest initial public offering in eight years. Aozora's initial public offering marks the third big sale of a Japanese bank by [...]")('2006110', 'Two British hedge fund entrepreneurs are poised to reap millions through a stock market listing of their business. Hugh Willis and Mark Poole, the former J.P. Morgan employees and the founders of the British hedge fund BlueBay Asset Management, could pocket 30 million pounds ($57 million) each in the initial public offering. The company plans [...]')('2006110', 'The Achilles Track Club, which promotes athleticism as an outlet for the physically challenged, has a lot in common with Wall Street, which is always eager to face down its own challenges, writes Investment Dealers Digest. So, the digest says, it seemed fitting that during the annual Achilles Club tribute dinner in New York last [...]')('2006110', 'Nvidia said Monday that it will buy PortalPlayer for $357 million in cash to accelerate its offering for chips used in portable music players and other handheld devices. Nvidia, which makes graphics chips used in personal computers and cell phones, is shelling out $13.50 a share for PortalPlayer, a supplier of chips and related software [...]')('2006110', 'U.S. Bancorp, the sixth-largest bank in the nation, said on Monday that it had agreed to buy United Financial of Montana for about $22.91 a share in stock based on current stock prices. Go to Article from Reuters »')('2006110', "L-3 Communications may be headed for a deal, according to Standard & Poor's. Through a steady diet of acquisitions over the past several years, L-3 has grown from a small niche defense contractor, operating in defense electronics and communications, to a formidable defense and government-services industry competitor. Standard & Poor's says the company has potential [...]")('2006110', "The proxy advisory firm Glass Lewis is recommending that minority shareholders of Sears Canada vote at net week's investors meeting against a proposal that would take the company, says an activist group fighting the bid. Hawkeye Capital Management, Knott Partners Management and Pershing Square Capital Management said Monday that Glass Lewis joins Institutional Shareholder Service [...]")('2006110', 'German utility company E.On said Monday that it welcomed a decision by Spanish regulators to rescind a demand that it sell assets to secure their approval for its proposed 37.1 billion euro takeover of Endesa. The Spanish government said on Saturday that it had agreed to drop a laundry list of demands on E.ON, averting [...]')('2006110', "Anadarko Petroleum announced another asset sale on Tuesday in its continued effort to pay down debt stemming from its $21 billion acquisitions of Kerr-McGee and Western Gas Resources this year. Anadarko, rhe nation's largest independent oil and gas producer, said Statoil, Norway's largest oil company, would pay $901 million for Anadarko's interests in two deepwater [...]")('2006110', "Bidders for Putnam Investments will be judged partly on whether they support the Boston fund company's current managers, the chairman of the board that oversees Putnam's mutual funds said. John Hill, chairman of the Putnam trustees, told The Boston Globe that the 12-member board is pressing that criteria after being given a significant say in [...]")('2006110', "John Malone's Liberty Media said it had made progress in talks about swapping its stake in News Corporation for a stake in the DirecTV Group or other assets owned by Rupert Murdoch's global media conglomerate. Reporting an uptick in third-quarter profit, Liberty said it remains interested in acquiring News Corporation's 38 percent stake in the [...]")('2006110', "Verizon Communications, the nation's No. 2 telecommunications company, is in advanced talks with YouTube to bring the Web site's videos to cellphones and television sets, the Wall Street Journal reported. The report said that such a deal could give Verizon a marketing edge over its rivals in the wireless and cable industries, furthering the company's [...]")('2006110', "Monday's frenzied round of takeover announcement spurred the biggest stock market rally in a month and sent the Dow Jones industrial average to its first gain in seven days. Among the deals what moved markets were the $3.7 billion bid for the Four Seasons Hotels from Microsoft's chairman, Bill Gates, and Prince Walid bin Talal [...]")('2006110', "McKesson, the drug distributor, is buying Per-Se Technologies, a provider of financial and administrative health care services, for nearly $1.1 billion in cash, the two companies said Monday. The $28-a-share deal, which represents a premium of more than 14 percent to Friday's closing price of Per Se stock, also calls for McKesson to assume about [...]")('2006110', "Up to 30 buyers are reported to be interested in buying the Aston Martin brand from Ford Motor and the competition could push the price of the luxury car marque as high as 1 billion pounds ($1.9 billion), according to the Guardian. Potential buyers include two of France's richest men, the billionaires Bernard Arnault, who [...]")('2006110', 'The announcement Monday that the chief executive of Arcelor Mittal, Roland Junck, would be stepping aside after only about four months on the job, indicated that Lakshmi Mittal, who controls about 43 percent of the shares of the Luxembourg-based steel giant, is tightening his grip on the newly created company. Mr. Junck, a longtime Arcelor [...]')('2006110', 'The parent company of the Outback Steakhouse casual-dining chain said yesterday that it would be acquired by Bain Capital and Catterton Partners for $3.2 billion, including debt, one of the biggest restaurant deals ever. But the deal may not be a happy one for everyone involved. A former shareholder, Pirate Capital, an activist hedge fund [...]')('2006110', "Telecom Italia said on Monday it was considering the sale of its Brazilian mobile business and reported an unexpected increase in third quarter profit. The company also said its deputy chairman, Carlo Buora, resigned his position as chief executive of Pirelli, Telecom Italia's biggest shareholder, so that he could focus on the phone company. Go [...]")('2006110', 'With days like Monday, when a barrage of multibillion-dollar corporate deals were announced, it is hardly surprising that investment bankers are doing well. But just how well? Consider this: According to one consulting firm, bankers are likely to see their end-of-year bonuses jump 20 percent to 25 percent this year from 2005. For managing directors [...]')('2006110', 'As campaigns wind down and prognosticators wind up, what are the factors that influence your vote? Why do you vote? Complete Coverage: Politics')('2006110', 'Correction of Nov 5 article on Republican Party leaders steeling themselves for possible election losses; 13 percent of House races are considered competitive, not 10 percent')('2006110', 'New York Mets infielder Carlos Delgado says he will not exercise right to demand trade; photo (S)')('2006110', 'Correction of Nov 4 article on report critical of governance practices that Morgan Stanley fund managers sent to directors of The New York Times Co; Morgan Stanley has not been involved at corporate level, and any change in Times Co corporate structure must be approved by six of eight members of family trust, not necessarily by Arthur O Sulzberger Jr')('2006110', 'Q & A column discusses watch batteries; drawing (M)')('2006110', 'Maribel Saavedra and family are helped by UJA-Federation of New York, benefit agency of New York Times Neediest Cases Fund; photo (M)')('2006110', 'Former Salvation Army manager Leroy Brown is sentenced in federal court in Newark, NJ, to 37 months in prison for stealing more than $380,000 from charity over seven years (S)')('2006110', 'Dr Theirry Heidmann, Gustave Roussy Institute, Villejuif, France, expert on human endogenous retroviruses, describes DNA research that reconstructs and names ancient virus Phoenix; findings are published in journal Genome Research; drawing (M)')('2006110', 'Editorial recommends re-election of Sen Hillary Clinton')('2006110', "Correction of chart with Nov 2 article on Spy magazine's masthead in 1990")('2006110', 'Correction of Nov 1 Arts, Briefly column on discovery of Sylvia Plath poem, regarding description of poem')('2006110', 'Rev Susan De Simone letter criticizes stricter Medicaid rules for babies born in US to illegal immigrants')('2006110', 'NBC Sunday Night Football coverage of Indianapolis Colts victory over New England Patriots puts station in No 1 spot in ratings for night (S)')('2006110', 'Correction of Oct 25 article on House race in Connecticut between Rep Rob Simmons, Republican, and Joseph D Courtney, Democrat; Simmons was fist Republican elected in district in 28 years')('2006110', 'Rep Heather Wilson, Republican in tight race in New Mexico, broadcasts incendiary ad questioning whether Democratic rival Patricia Madrid can be trusted to handle nuclear and terrorist threats; photo (S)')('2006110', 'New York Republican gubernatorial candidate John Faso winds down campaign that never seemed to gather momentum; continues to campaign while Democratic rival Eliot Spitzer stops campaigning and prepares for assumed victory; photos (M)')('2006110', 'Correction of Nov 2 letter from John Spitler about Iraq and Sen John Kerry; Spitler is Vietnam-era veteran')('2006110', 'Photo of former Philippine first lady Imelda Marcos posing for fashion shoot introducing Imelda Collection clothing line')('2006110', 'New York Democratic senatorial candidate Hillary Rodham Clinton continues hard campaigning in closing days of race, even though her huge lead over Republican rival John Spencer in polls has never wavered; Clinton continues to receive national attention, while Spencer finds himself almost forgotten candidate; photos (M)')('2006110', 'Letters on death sentence for deposed Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussein; Ole R Holsti says Hussein should be tried for other crimes before he is executed; Ann D Bagchi charges Pres Bush jumps on verdict to influence US elections; Sher Singh Agrawal lauds US for helping bring Hussein to trial; Francis W Rodgers asks whatever happened to Osama bin Laden')('2006110', "Dr Richard H Duerr, University of Pittsburgh associate professor, leads study that identifies genetic link between Crohn's disease and ulcerative colitis; findings, which are published in online journal Science Express, may lead to better treatment options for both conditions (M)")('2006110', 'Correction of Nov 6 Most Wanted column regarding advertising pages in InStyle magazine in Nov')('2006110', 'New York Republican attorney general candidate Jeanine F Pirro makes full day of appearances in last day of campaign against Democrat Andrew M Cuomo in attempt to close gap in polls that show her far behind in race; Cuomo limits himself to one appearance; photos (M)')('2006110', "Letters on midterm elections; Robert F Longley urges Americans to take back reins of government; Minette Herman deplores 'despicable' new level of politics; Robert Brandes lists upside-down priorities of Congress; Joe Resnek says Americans have had enough of Republican finger-pointing, fear-mongering and flawed logic; Geoff Wawrzyniak suggests Democrats give up 'truthiness' for actual truth; Carolyn Jackson says Bush administration's oft-told lies have undermined integrity of civic discourse; Donald Nawi says news now is not what happened but what 'more objective pollsters' and media say; Richard M Perloff says negative campaigning is nasty, unfair and effective; Phyllis Yampolsky notes Democrats' fear that no enough votes will be counted and Republican fear that too many voters will be counted; Lee Tanzer calls for overhaul of entire voting process; Mihaela Costin recalls voting in Romania, where vote did not count, but fears vote in US can be disregarded by machine error")('2006110', 'World Business Briefing: India: Forei')('2006110', 'New York State candidates wrap up campaigns; New Jersey senatorial candidates try to get out vote; Connecticut senatorial candidates continue last-minute campaigning (M)')('2006110', 'Larry Shapiro letter on October 31 article about development of morality says that evolution does not answers all questions about development of human morality; drawing')('2006110', "McDonald's India is planning to build 15 restaurants in city of Calcutta in next five years; will spend $22 million for development; company has 100 outlets in India, with vegetarian and no-beef menus (S)")('2006110', 'First half of 2006 NFL season discussed; division races are not close but wild card spots in playoffs are up for grabs (M)')('2006110', 'Dr Jeffrey D Miller letter on October 31 article about longevity and low calorie diets suggests that people should naturally have diets that are lower in calories and not refer to them as restricted diets')('2006110', 'Correction of Nov 5 election preview regarding some of races cited')('2006110', 'Gina Sullivan letter on October 31 article about lung cancer agrees that early discovery of tumors through CT scan saves lives')('2006110', 'corrections**Correction of Nov 3 article on Iraqi documents published by federal government on Web site that might reveal nuclear secrets, regarding reasons Sen Pat Roberts gave for the Web site')('2006110', 'New York Yankees manager Joe Torre says he hopes new bench coach Don Mattingly will succeed him (S)')('2006110', "Bombs explode in Mexico City, striking top electoral court, which declared Felipe Calderon Mexico's president despite claims of election fraud; coalition of leftist groups from Oaxaca continuing to call for resignation of Governor Ulises Ruiz claims responsibility for bombing (S)")('2006110', 'Photo of rush-hour traffic jam on Interstate 95 near Miami after fuel tanker truck plunges off overpass')('2006110', 'Comment observes that campaigns are in trouble when candidate spends final days urging voters to disregard polls that show him or her losing badly; some quotes; photo (S)')('2006110', 'Texas Rangers names Ron Washington new manager (S)')('2006110', 'Nepalese government and Maoist rebels reach weapons containment agreement (S)')('2006110', "Corection of Nov 3 article on new PBS music education series Keeping Score and Leonard Bernstein's Young People's Concerts regarding Bernstein's nickname")('2006110', 'Michael F Roisen and Mehmet C Oz book You: On a Diet sees drastic increase in sales after it is featured on Oprah Winfrey Show; photo (S)')('2006110', 'Correction of Nov 2 article on shared experience of popular music regarding one band cited in error')('2006110', "New York Republican comptroller candidate J Christopher Callaghan finds himself rescued from obscurity by scandal surrounding Democratic rival Alan G Hevesi's use of state employee to chauffeur his wife; Hevesi has chosen to avoid limelight in final days of re-election campaign, while Callaghan continues intense campaign and keeps hammering away at Hevesi ethics question; photos (M)")('2006110', 'State Senator Nicholas A. Spano and his lawyers have refused to concede defeat to Democrat Andrea Stewart Cousins, saying there could be as many as 2,500 absentee and emergency ballots that have yet to be counted. Lawyers for Mr. Spano say they have a court date with Ms. Stewart Cousins and her legal team Thursday [...]')('2006110', 'Some of what we are looking at on the blogs today... "If the Dems win Montana and Virginia," Brendan Loy writes, "Joe Lieberman will be the deciding vote in the Senate. That would be Joe Lieberman, the independent senator... who survived his trial by fire, and who now knows who his real friends are... a [...]')('2006110', '(Written by Benjamin Hoffman, Andrew Das, John Woods and Toni Monkovic) MISSING THE TARGET It has been a trying season for Raiders wide receiver Randy Moss, who is on pace for 894 yards and 6 touchdowns. In eight seasons with the Vikings, he averaged 1,143 yards and 11.3 touchdowns. This season, Moss has been the [...]')('2006110', 'There are a million ways to explicate the nationwide blue shift that unfolded at the polls yesterday, but a picture -- or more specifically, a map -- speaks a thousand words.')('2006110', 'Some quotes that we heard and saw today that stood out.')('2006110', 'The John Hall for Congress campaign has posted a video from late last night on the front of its Web site. The reader who pointed it out says: "I bet he\'s the only candidate in the country to sing his victory speech." (And yes, we know Representative Sue Kelly wasn\'t conceding anything today.)')('2006110', '"TimesSelect Features Free for One Week," read the two-column headline on the 258-word article in The Times\'s Business Day section on Monday, Nov. 6. [Image below.] But the article had little, if any, news value and took up space that the paper could have devoted to an article that would have benefited at least some [...]')('2006110', 'Do Mac users lean left?')('2006110', 'You see the word "wild" on a lot of New York restaurant menus. You hear servers introduce pheasant as "game." You order venison, its popularity resurgent, and maybe you think you\'re getting a beast shot in a forest not far away.')('2006110', "Check out this e-mail from a senior leader in Hillaryland, Patti Solis Doyle, to supporters about Senator Clinton's big win on Tuesday. Among the key factoids: (Kiichiro Sato/Associated Press) HRC carried 58 of New York's 62 counties, compared to 15 counties in 2000; she drew 61% of the vote upstate, compared to 48% in her [...]")('2006110', 'President Bush got a little dig in this afternoon at his "architect," Karl Rove, whose electoral genius must feel a little bruised on Tuesday night.')('2006110', 'America woke this morning to calls for bipartisanship, cooperation and fresh governance. But the blogs showed scant interest in bridges or reconciliation.')('2006110', "Like Ben at The Daily Politics, we've been searching for the link to this tally making the rounds, attributed to National Journal. The scorecard says Rudy Giuliani campaigned for 36 candidates in this election cycle; 7 won, 26 lost, and 3 races are undecided. Other Republicans presidential aspirants had better numbers: John McCain was 11 [...]")('2006110', 'George W. Bush is hardly the wittiest figure in American politics, but he did score a genuine laugh at his press conference today when he made his wisecrack about Karl Rove: "I obviously was working harder in the campaign than he was." Of all the bits of conventional wisdom that died with this week\'s election [...]')('2006110', "Finally, a host for a big industry event who can take all the hoary clichés that go with the territory and spin them into something truly twisted. The Bagger speaks not of Ellen DeGeneres, who is already skedded to anchor the Oscar ceremony, but Sarah Silverman, whose creepy and wonderful performance at last year's Independent [...]")('2006110', "Plenty of the season's most-watched races are still up in the air.")('2006110', "Eliot Spitzer's second meeting on his first day as governor-elect was a joint session with two representatives of labor and business - Denis Hughes, the president of the NY AFL-CIO and Ken Adams, the president of the State Business Council. This was a calculated move for a politician who made his name by going after [...]")('2006110', 'Voters in some states weighed in on a bevy of social and regulatory issues, some of which stemmed from dissatisfaction with court rulings.')('2006110', 'If Deutsche Bank is looking for fresh recruits for its underwriting team - and given its recent debacle with Hertz, it just might be - they may want to consider the prize-winners of the National I.P.O. Challenge. Teams of M.B.A. students from Columbia Business School and the University of Chicago Graduate School of Business tied [...]')('2006110', "A couple of tidbits from last night's notebook: In his race against Senator Bob Menendez of New Jersey, Tom Kean Jr. was sometimes accused of riding on the coattails of his father, Tom Kean Sr., a popular former governor and chairman of the bipartisan 9/11 commission. Tom Kean Jr. and his father at an event [...]")('2006110', 'Readers respond to Thomas L. Friedman\'s Nov. 8 column, "Tolerable or Awful: The Roads Left in Iraq." Joyce Richardson, Arlington, Va.: If we wanted to collaborate with an Arab nation to build democracy, most second-graders could have told you that bombing and invading it would probably not be the best approach. It\'s usually not productive [...]')('2006110', "So much for last week's news, in which President Bush insisted that Donald Rumsfeld would stay on.")('2006110', 'For all its woes, the newspaper business apparently still holds a strong allure for billionaires. The Associated Press reported Wednesday afternoon that Eli Broad and Ron Burkle, two Southern California magnates, have made a joint bid for Tribune Company, which publishes The Chicago Tribune and the Los Angeles Times. Details of the offer were not [...]')('2006110', 'The lessons of online video . . . so far.')('2006110', 'All the frothy speculation about year-end bonuses for investment bankers and traders may be ringing hollow for another kind of Wall Street worker. Registered Rep magazine on Wednesday noted the recent statistics on its Web site - a leading consulting firm estimates that bankers may get 20 percent more than last year, for example - [...]')('2006110', "Despite the predictions of his netroots critics, Senator Joe Lieberman was not offered Donald Rumsfeld's job as defense secretary. At his post-election victory news conference at the Goodwin Hotel in Hartford, Mr. Lieberman said he did receive a congratulatory call from the Democratic Senate leader, Harry Reid, who also assured him he would retain his [...]")('2006110', 'Conservative bloggers begin taking stock of why the Republican party took such a beating.')('2006110', "With 97 percent of the precincts counted, John Hall - \xad singer, environmentalist and Democratic activist –\xad appears to have staged a surprising, razor-thin victory over six-term Congresswoman Sue Kelly. The official count has Mr. Hall ahead of Ms. Kelly by 3,528 votes. Earlier this afternoon, at a news conference at her husband's construction company [...]")('2006110', '(The Samkon Gado Watch is a weekly look at the best players available in more than 50 percent of fantasy leagues.) While Jaguars quarterback David Garrard (27 percent owned in CBS Sportsline leagues) may not have the staying power of new Cowboys starter Tony Romo, he plays a similarly exciting game and is worth owning, [...]')('2006110', 'Empire Zone readers are debating the election results in New York, New Jersey, Connecticut and beyond: "Clinton Victorious, Takes on Cheney": You hate her. You love her. You hate to love her. You love to hate her. "Hevesi: Oppose Me, Oppose the Voters": Give the guy a break, says Steve. Give me a break, says [...]')('2006110', "I'm delighted to see the departure of Don Rumsfeld, who has proven himself utterly incompetent at anything but bureaucratic warfare. And Bob Gates, the former C.I.A. director who is taking his place, is an excellent choice. Gates is very smart, an excellent listener, and he plays well with Democrats. If he had been at the [...]")('2006110', "Why can't newspapers get exit polling data at the same time the networks do?")('2006110', "That was the title of a memoir by the journalist Edward Behr, and I always think of it as I go off to the Darfur region - as I'm doing right now. Behr heard a TV reporter asking that question in a refugee camp in the Congo in about 1960, and although most of us [...]")('2006110', "Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld, the hard-driving and super-confident Pentagon boss who came to symbolize President Bush's controversial Iraq policy, is resigning, President Bush announced today. Will his resignation have an effect on U.S. policy in Iraq?")('2006110', "The latest in AOL's recent spate of small acquisitions is Relegence, a privately held provider of financial news and information. Terms were not disclosed, but Globes, a financial daily in Israel, reported that the deal was worth as much as $65 million. Relegence filters and indexes news and information from more than 20,000 sources and [...]")('2006110', 'Kate Spade is no bargain. That was the strong suggestion of Lizabeth Dunn, a Prudential Equity Group analyst who raised questions about Liz Claiborne\'s agreement to buy the maker of high-end handbags for $124 million, including debt. While calling Kate Spade a "good brand" with "room to grow," Ms. Dunn said she is concerned that [...]')('2006110', "It has become almost conventional wisdom that London is on its way to surpassing New York as the world's financial capital. It is certainly conventional wisdom in London, where civic and financial leaders are hailing a recent study (which they commissioned) that lists several facts supporting the thesis: more I.P.O. money raised in London than [...]")('2006110', "Gov. George E. Pataki and the governor-elect, Attorney General Eliot Spitzer, just made nice at a news conference at Mr. Pataki's Midtown office, as they begin the transition process. They were barraged with questions about how they would handle the potential removal of State Comptroller Alan G. Hevesi, who was re-elected last night despite an [...]")('2006110', 'The Times has just called the Montana Senate race for Jon Tester, the Democrat.')('2006110', 'The flow of Wall Street cash into Hollywood in recent years, particularly the cash that comes from hedge funds, is "all too fast," a veteran talent agent told The New York Observer. So fast that it is changing the culture of moviemaking, an article in the Observer\'s new issue suggests. The story is the latest [...]')('2006110', 'We apologize for the delay in moderating comments.')('2006110', "In what might be one of Wall Street's more expensive e-mail flubs of late, Hertz Global Holdings has dropped Deutsche Bank from its underwriting team, citing what it claims was a rogue message from one of the investment bank's employees. Deutsche's removal, which comes as Hertz is preparing one of the year's largest initial public [...]")('2006110', 'Denny Farrell just confirmed in a telephone interview that he was stepping down from his post as chairman of the New York State Democratic Party, effective at the end of the year. Herman D. Farrell Jr. (Suzanne Plunkett/Associated Press) Mr. Farrell said that it was his decision. He said he would keep his State Assembly [...]')('2006110', 'For those travelers who are likely to confront traffic jams or long airport security lines this Thanksgiving, The Practical Traveler shared her tips that may ease the journey. What are your strategies for avoiding traffic snarls and airline hold-ups while traveling this Thanksgiving weekend? Back to Article')('2006110', 'In an interview late last night after his concession speech, J. Christopher Callaghan, the Republican candidate for state comptroller, proved remarkably candid. On State Comptroller Alan G. Hevesi, who faces an ethics complaint, a criminal inquiry and possible removal from office: "I have recommended that he resign. I think, buoyed by this fairly substantial victory, [...]')('2006110', "Conservative bloggers (mostly) turn to The Simpsons' Kent Brockman for humor and solace as the Democrats rise to power.")('2006110', 'Deutsche Borse\'s efforts to merge with Euronext ran into another bump Wednesday, as analysts and an unnamed source told Reuters that the German exchange\'s failed alliance talks with Borsa Italiana spelled trouble for its other merger efforts. "I think NYSE is in a good position vis-a-vis Euronext," Reuters said, citing a source close to Deutsche [...]')('2006110', 'Are there any bright spots for Republicans in last night\'s results? Chris Bowers of MyDD.com notes that the Republicans did not pick up a single House seat, Senate seat or governorship that was held by the Democrats on Monday. "That breaks every record for futility," Bowers writes. "No one can ever do worse than they [...]')('2006110', 'Democrats are growing so giddy about yesterday\'s victories that they\'re beginning to fantasize about even bigger gains in the years go come. At Tapped, The American Prospect blog, Mark Schmitt sees "13 seats the Republicans have to worry about either a little or a lot" in the Senate elections of 2008. "And almost no potential [...]')('2006110', 'What a difference $150 million makes. Martin Scorsese, who hit the box office jackpot with "The Departed" - and who is being mentioned, but not campaigning for, a little hardware - signed a deal with Brad Grey and Paramount Pictures. Under its terms, Mr. Scorsese will have a four-year contract to find and develop projects [...]')('2006110', "Directors of Harrah's Entertainment were expected to gather on Wednesday to take stock of a $15.5 billon offer to take the casino operator private. There was no guarantee that a decision would be reached on the proposal, which would be the largest buyout ever of a gambling-related company. Las Vegas-based Harrah's has been largely silent [...]")('2006110', "Recount!? Well, not in New York. But check out Adam Nagourney's breathtaking overview this morning for the skinny on Virginia, the state of play in Montana, control of the Senate and the House, and What It All Means About America Right Now. As for the results 'round these parts, we have the lowdown here. Check [...]")('2006110', 'The NYSE Group, which operates the New York Stock Exchange, continues to reduce its workforce following its recent acquisition of the electronic-trading platform Archipelago. The latest job cuts, announced early Wednesday, will affect more than 500 workers at the company from its NYSE, NYSE Arca and Securities Industry Automation Corporation units. About 400 of those [...]')('2006110', 'Last night, the Bagger went under the river through the tunnel to attend the New York premiere of "For Your Consideration," a movie about how normal people metastasize into freaks when the word "Oscar" is mentioned. The Bagger has seen the syndrome far too often, sometime in the mirror, and was anxious to get a [...]')('2006110', 'How will Bush react?')('2006110', 'Has the Cato Institute\'s Gene Healy discovered an issue that could unite President Bush and a Democratic Congress in 2007? Healy would like to see a small voting reform: "I always find it disturbing when you exit the booth and they give you a little \'I Voted!\' sticker, like they do when you\'re seven years [...]')('2006110', 'The Baguette had no idea who any of the people floating around the Hotel Plaza Athenee for "The History Boys" after-thing were, but we did kvell a bit when we met Richard Griffiths, star of the play "The History Boys," which won six Tonys. "It\'s flip. It\'s glib. It\'s journalism," he said, referencing the play. [...]')('2006110', 'Democrats believe that moderate voters sounded "the death knell for Rovism."')('2006110', 'A rumor that began on Mark Cuban\'s blog and quickly spread across the Internet finally made its way to Google\'s chief executive, Eric Schmidt, on Tuesday, and he swatted it down. Speaking at a conference on Tuesday, Mr. Schmidt said it was "not true" that $500 million of the $1.65 billion that Google offered to [...]')('2006110', 'The networking technology company UTStarcom said on Tuesday it had begun a voluntary review of equity award grant practices but had not reached any conclusions about whether adjustments to financial statements would be necessary. Go to Article from Reuters »')('2006110', 'Dean Foods said it had found administrative errors in stock options grants in 1997 and 2000. Dean, which said last week the Securities and Exchange Commission was conducting an informal inquiry into its stock options practices, took a non-cash charge of about $500,000 in the latest quarter related to the options. Go to Article from [...]')('2006110', 'Evercore Partners released its first quarterly results since going public in August, reporting a 5.8 percent increase in adjusted net income from a year ago. The company, a boutique investment bank that advises on mergers, acquisitions and restructurings, said it earned $8.4 million in the three months ended Sept. 30, up from $7.9 million during [...]')('2006110', 'Agents from the Federal Bureau of Investigation Monday raided the Manhattan offices of the brokerage firm Sky Capital. According to The Houston Chronicle, FBI special agents executed a search warrant at Sky and left with boxes of documents, in an investigation that appears to be related to share offerings to foreign investors. Go to Article [...]')('2006110', 'the advertising group Aegis has secured the support of major shareholders in its attempts to repel the French corporate raider Vincent Bolloré. Mr. Bolloré is attempting to gain two seats on the Aegis board, but the group said this morning it has the full support of 11 institutional shareholders, which together account for more than [...]')('2006110', 'The drug maker Merck faces a potential $5.58 billion in tax liabilities in the United States and Canada related to a number of disputes over accounting for past transactions, the company said in a filing Tuesday. Merck said in the filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission that it disagrees with the proposed tax adjustments [...]')('2006110', 'Barton Biggs, the former Morgan Stanley strategist turned hedge-fund manager, is suggesting that the boom in private-equity investing might end badly. In comments at a conference Tuesday in New York, reported by TheStreet.com, Mr. Biggs predicted that buyout funds could see years of lackluster returns once the current wave crests. "In the history of the [...]')('2006110', "Microsoft will make two payments totaling $348 million to Novell under an agreement to allow Novell's open-source Linux software to work with Windows. Microsoft will pay Novell $240 million upfront in subscription fees to use the Linux software and an additional $108 million in upfront payments for use of patents, Novell said in a filing [...]")('2006110', 'Lone Star Steakhouse & Saloon moved Tuesday to rally shareholder support for its $600 million deal for a private equity firm to purchase it. In a letter to investors, the restaurant chain sought to rebut criticism that the company failed to shop itself adequately and that the deal with the previously unrelated Lone Star Funds [...]')('2006110', 'Crescent Real Estate Equities, a real estate income trust,based in Fort Worth, Tex., is looking for suitors after talks failed with a Dubai investment firm, Istithmar. "We are at the point where we are considering everything and anything," Crescent\'s chief executive John Goff said during a conference call Tuesday with analysts. The company owns stakes [...]')('2006110', 'After a drawn out legal tussle, The Triple Five Group, a private Canadian company, has emerged as the sole owner of Mall of America, the huge shopping and entertainment center in Bloomington, Minn., buying out the partners, the Simon Property Group and the financial services firm TIAA-CREF. The price was not disclosed but several real [...]')('2006110', "Bruce Wasserstein's private equity firm, U.S. Equity, has been holding talks about a potential $700 million sale of American Lawyer Media, publisher of the American Lawyer magazine, with prospective buyers of the business, according to The Telegraph. U.S. Equity has been working with the investment bank Credit Suisse on the possible sale of the business, [...]")('2006110', 'A developer of surgical centers, NewHope Bariatrics, added to an $18.5 million initial investment round to establish as many as 15 regional outpatient clinics to meet growing demand for medical procedures to treat obesity. The company raised $11 million in equity from Austin Ventures and Versant Ventures, and additional debt financing from Square 1 Bank. [...]')('2006110', "The roster of speakers at this year's annual Web 2.0 conference in San Francisco is enough evidence in itself of the growing popularity of social networks, blogs, podcasts and other such online applications. But, happily for those in the industry, there are also numbers to back up the buzz surrounding companies such as the video [...]")('2006110', 'The Glover Park Group, a lobbying and public communications shop with close ties to the Clintons and the Democratic Party, has received a substantial infusion of capital from a Chicago private equity firm, Svoboda Collins, according to The New York Sun. Glover Park, which is home to a number of Democratic heavyweights, including a former [...]')('2006110', 'Nortel Networks, the telecommunications equipment maker in the midst of a prolonged restructuring, said Tuesday that it planned to complete a 1-for-10 reverse stock split by the end of the month. Go to Article from The New York Times »')('2006110', 'Mizuho Financial Group will list on the New York Stock Exchange beginning on Wednesday. The listing marks the first effective chance to trade Japanese banking shares on the N.Y.S.E. for moer than 17 years. Mitsubishi Bank, the predecessor of Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group, listed on the N.Y.S.E. in September 1989. Go to Article from The [...]')('2006110', "Bank of Communications, the first Chinese lender to sell shares in Hong Kong, may raise $2.5 billion in a Shanghai offering as it seeks funds to extend more loans and credit cards, Bloomberg News said. Industrial & Commercial Bank of China, the nation's biggest, raised $19.1 billion last month in a simultaneous offering in Shanghai [...]")('2006110', "Late last year, Morgan Stanley's chief executive, John J. Mack, said he wanted to expand into hedge funds. He has delivered: the investment bank spent almost $1 billion buying stakes in three hedge-fund management firms last week. Even for an organization like Morgan Stanley, that is a sizable bet to make on the future shape [...]")('2006110', "the mobile phone maker Sony Ericsson said Tuesday it was acquiring UIQ Technology, a maker of software featured on many of Sony Ericsson's high-end handsets, from Symbian. Go to Article from The Associated Press via The San Jose Mercury News »")('2006110', 'Panda Ethanol went public Tuesday through a reverse merger. The Dallas company, which is building ethanol plants in West Texas, said Tuesday that it had bought Cirracor, a publicly traded web designer that is now a shell company. Go to Article from The Dallas Morning News »')('2006110', 'RSM McGladrey, one of the biggest global accounting firms after the "Big Four" firms, agreed on Tuesday to purchase its British accounting partner, RSM Robson Rhodes, to increase its competitiveness with larger firms in Britain. RSM McGladrey, an indirect subsidiary of H&R Block, said the deal would improve the international aspects of its work for [...]')('2006110', "We'll be getting the blog operation moving later this morning, but in the meantime, here's an open comment thread on the elections in New York, Connecticut and New Jersey. In your opinion, what went right? What went wrong? What next? To comment on specific subjects and races, click on a tag in the cloud over [...]")('2006110', "The activist hedge fund manager Robert Chapman may be one step closer to pressing the communications company Glenayre Technologies to break in two and auction the pieces after the company's chief executive, Clarke Bailey, stepped down Tuesday. Arguing that Glenayre management is overpaid and over-perked, Mr. Chapman, who runs Chapman Capital, began an attack on [...]")('2006110', "Telefonica, the European phone company by value, may buy 8 percent of Hong Kong's PCCW for about 3.2 billion Hong Kong dollars ($411 million) to drive expansion in China, Bloomberg News reported. Telefonica wants to combine its stake in PCCW, Hong Kong's biggest phone company, with the 20 percent held by China Network Communications Group, [...]")('2006110', "The London Stock Exchange refused on Wednesday to rule out making its own approach to the Nasdaq Stock Market about a possible collaboration or joint venture. Announcing a 60 percent surge in first-half operating profit, the London exchange's chief executive, Clare Furse, refused to rule out approaching Nasdaq about a possible collaboration, but would not [...]")('2006110', 'The Canadian prairie grain marketer Saskatchewan Wheat Pool has made an unsolicited offer to take over a rival, Agricore United, in a stock swap that would create an agricultural giant with annual revenue of 4.3 billion Canadian dollars ($3.8 billion). Under the terms of the offer, SaskPool would give 1.35 share of its common stock [...]')('2006110', "France's JCDecaux would like to buy its larger rival, the outdoor advertiser Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, the company's co-chief executive told The Wall Street Journal. His remarks come amid reports that Clear Channel Communications, the radio company that owns Clear Channel Outdoor, is reportedly in buyout talks with several private equity firms. Clear Channel is [...]")('2006110', "In a striking reversal, Volkswagen ousted its chief executive, Bernd Pischetsrieder, on Tuesday, six months after he appeared to win an internal power struggle by signing a new contract. Volkswagen, Europe's largest carmaker, gave no reason for the decision, which it said was reached jointly by a committee of its supervisory board and Mr. Pischetsrieder. [...]")('2006110', "The upset on Capitol Hill has many in the financial-services industry asking one question: What will Barney Frank do? With the Democrats winning back control of the House in Tuesday's elections, Mr. Frank, who has long represented a district in suburban Boston, is widely expected to succeed Michael Oxley, a Republican who is retiring, as [...]")('2006110', "Nearly three years ago, someone claiming to be the wife of David Einhorn contacted his phone company and, using his wife's Social Security number, obtained copies of his home telephone bills, according to letters that he provided to The New York Times. But the hedge fund manager is not alone in claiming to be a [...]")('2006110', "A former head of the Korea Exchange Bank was arrested on Tuesday as prosecutors expanded an investigation into whether the bank was sold illegally to Lone Star Funds three years ago. The former president, Lee Kang-won, faces accusations that he helped falsify documents to overstate the precariousness of the bank's financial state so it could [...]")('2006110', "But you can still see who's winning.")('2006110', 'Claire McCaskill, the Democratic candidate and state auditor, surfaced to declare that the voters of Missouri had chosen her, that they had spoken, and that they had chosen change.')('2006110', 'The witching hour arrived for the television networks with Senate control still in doubt.')('2006110', 'No new pick-ups, but some important saves for the G.O.P.')('2006110', "Even with the Senate still hanging in the balance, conservative bloggers kick the gravel a bit over the Republicans' loss of control in the House. Plus: banning CNN from hotels?")('2006110', 'Gov. Jennifer Granholm is likely sighing with relief, outgoing Gov. Tom Vilsack likely looking to the future.')('2006110', "Senator George Allen's re-election campaign is down to the wire, and may wind up in a recount.")('2006110', "Why am I weirdly happy? I'm a conservative. Many people I know and admire lost tonight. And yet somehow this strikes me as a good night for the country. First, there would be something wrong for the country if the Republicans got to act this way in the House and then keep their majority. That [...]")('2006110', 'Let\'s settle it once and for all: Do "high-speed" memory cards really offer any benefit at all, except to the profits of the memory companies?')('2006110', 'I\'m usually not a big fan of those "Random Thoughts"-type blogs or columns, in which writers, who don\'t necessarily feel like carrying a coherent theme from start to finish, simply blather on about, well, random thoughts and/or disconnected sports observations. But Monday night\'s game - and deplorable ESPN broadcast - have forced my hand. Despite [...]')('2006110', "Tom DeLay's district goes to the Democrat.")('2006110', "(James Alder is the football guide for About.com) The Indianapolis Colts have taken over the top spot in the rankings thanks to an unexpected upset of the Chicago Bears by the Miami Dolphins. But how long can they keep it? My guess is, not long if they don't do something about that run defense. How [...]")('2006110', 'The titans of late-night political satire, Jon Stewart and Stephen Colbert, join forces for a live, one-hour special.')('2006110', "David Karp/Bloomberg News Eliot Spitzer not only won the election for governor of New York State tonight, but he just might have clinched the top spot in the night's longest victory speech. Invoking statesman from Alexander Hamilton to Teddy Roosevelt, Al Smith to Mario Cuomo, as well as echoes of a famous refrain on not [...]")('2006110', 'Get used to seeing a lot more of Nancy Pelosi. The Democrats have taken the House.')('2006110', 'The Democrats\' party at the Sheraton was almost anti-climactic feeling, with outcomes that had seemed like foregone conclusions for months. Governor-elect Eliot Spitzer continued to promise he will bring renewed vitality to the role of governor–"Alexander Hamilton once said, \'energy is the defining principle of good government.\' I can promise you there will be no [...]')('2006110', "Jerry Brown, probably winning the race as the state's attorney general in California, was trailed tonight for his big-picture take.")('2006110', 'The results of two House races should be a bad sign for Republicans hoping to gain traction by demonizing illegal immigrants. In Arizona, restrictionist G.O.P. candidate Randy Graf is projected to lose an open seat to Democrat Gabrielle Giffords. And incumbent Republican J.D. Hayworth, a former talk radio host and leading member of the House [...]')('2006110', "The TV networks' attention turns to the specter of a recount in Virginia")('2006110', 'Another immigration hardliner is out in Arizona.')('2006110', 'In this lesson, students will examine the 2006 elections. Through a news scavanger hunt, students will explore various aspects of this critical midterm election year.')('2006110', "Letters about this year's election and Dalton Conley's Nov 6 Op-Ed; Neil G Bennett points out problem with Conley's sugestion of repeat vote if no candidate gets majority with more than 99 percent certainty; Evan J Mandery says it would be more helpful to address fraud and increase civic engagement; David Berengut questions validity of 99 percent statistical confidence; Janardhan Manickam says all ads should have to start with sponsor identification; Charles E Griffith III suggests combining Election Day with Veterans Day; Donna Drummond lauds Oregon's vote-by-mail system; Roger Fessaguet says there will never be unbiased election in US until polls in all time zones open and close at same time")('2006110', 'ABC is No 1 in ratings for Monday night with 40th annual Country Music Association Awards (S)')('2006110', 'Photo of New York Mets infielder David Wright in exhibition game in Japan')('2006110', 'Panama is formally elected to United Nations Security Council after Guatemala and Venezuela drop out of balloting (S)')('2006110', 'Roundup of election results in Northeastern states and District of Columbia; map; exit poll responses noted (M)')('2006110', 'Deadliest tornado since government began keeping records in 1961 kills nine people and injures more than 20 others in Saroma, Japan (S)')('2006110', 'Democrats defeat Republican senators in Pennsylvania, Ohio and Rhode Island and hold off challenges in New Jersey and Maryland in their effort to win back majority; Sen Rick Santorum loses to Bob Casey Jr in Pennsylvani, Sen Mike DeWine is defeated by Sherrod Brown in Ohio; Sen Lincoln Chafee is beaten by Sheldon Whitehouse in Rhode Island; brief profiles of three newcomers; photos; whisker-thin margin between Sen George Allen and Democrat James Webb in Virginia could determine Senate control; Sen Robert Menendez defeats Thomas Kean Jr to win full term in New Jersey; Democrat Ben Cardin defeats black candidate, Michael Steele, in Maryland; Sen Joseph Lieberman wins as independent in Conn, Bernard Sanders as independent in Vermont; both will likely caucus with Democrats; other incumbents coast to re-election (M)')('2006110', 'Correction of Nov 7 article about slowdown in housing market in Phoenix area; Hunt Highway is around Queen Creek, Arizona')('2006110', 'Television cameras are not invited into White House to capture Pres Bush and his friends watching election returns, in contrast with celebrations of Republican wins in previous years; Bush and team adopt low profile as their predictions of Republican win are disproved in cascade of red states turning blue on national television; Bush begins day by voting with wife Laura in Texas; photo (M)')('2006110', 'Correction of Nov 2 obituary about former aerospace executive Robert Anderson; NASA space shuttles have flown 115 missions')('2006110', 'Correction of Nov 7 article about tentative contract for New York City teachers; Mayor Michael Bloomberg struck his first deal with UFT in June 2002')('2006110', 'Jim Lahey, owner of Sullivan Street Bakery, devises very simple technique for producing excellent bread at home; his method requires no kneading, special ingredients, equiment or techniques and very little effort; time--a full 24 hours--does almost all the work; recipe; photos (M)')('2006110', 'Russian government allows Human Rights Watch to begin operations again after month-long suspension (S)')('2006110', "Letter from Phil Craig of Brook Lapping Productions defends television documentary presenting neoconservative Richard Perle's views on terrorism, as part of PBS television series America at a Crossroads")('2006110', 'Chelsea Market Baskets creates space with well-edited selection of cheeses; photo (S)')('2006110', 'Correction of photo caption with Nov 3 article about abolone poaching in Port Elizabeth, South Africa; suspected poachers noted')('2006110', "Jan Hoekstra designs pair of mixing bowls for Museum of Modern Art's gift shop; photo (S)")('2006110', "New York Times Neediest Cases article on single father Donnell Cunningham of East Harlem; he coments on support from Children's Aid Society that helps him be better father than one who abandoned him; photo (M)")('2006110', "Letters on Nov 5 article about adopting children from Guatemala; Susan and Robert Ryan explains their contacts with daughter's birth family; David Anderson says article gives short shrift to reality that adoption saves children from lives of poverty; Jack Gordon objects to allowing people to pay to adopt children from Central America; Bruce A Boyer criticizes busy adoption lawyers who feed off trafficking of infants; Ellen Berkowitz says adoption agencies in US have responsibility to make certain they are not participating in exploitation of infants and mothers")('2006110', 'Jeffrey L Farrow letter says tax benefits to US companies setting up in Puerto Rico represent tax avoidance that IRS is investigating')('2006110', 'Betty Bakery opens in Brooklyn; photo (S)')('2006110', 'Britney Spears files for divorce from husband Kevin Federline, citing irreconcilable differences; photo (S)')('2006110', "Correction of July 21 article about New York State appeals court ruling that political parties must be allowed to spend money to directly influence other parties' primary elections; provision of election law explained")('2006110', 'Photo of Noriko Kariya, professional boxer and sister of NHL player Paul Kariya')('2006110', 'Correction of Nov 5 article about Bushes and Lamonts as old political families; North Haven is where they vacation in Maine')('2006110', "Russian prosecutor general's office says two oil fields operated by joint venture of BP violates licensing terms; recommends Ministry of Natural Resources revoke licenses (S)")('2006110', 'Lens column photos of Lower Manhattan buildings reflected in rain puddles')('2006110', 'Josette Sheeran, United States under secretary of state for economic, business and agricultural affairs, is named head of United Nations World Food Program (S)')('2006110', 'Correction of photo captions with Nov 4 review of show at Ukrainian Museum; titles of works noted')('2006110', "Correction of Oct 31 article about Interior Department's decision to drop claims that Chevron Corp underpaid government for natural gas in Gulf of Mexico; methane is principal component that remains in gas after processing")('2006110', 'Russian security service director Nikolai P Patrushev says terrorists plan to bomb dams and hydroelectric stations in four southern regions (S)')('2006110', "HELP Comfort Foods' donates profits from sale of its candies and other food items to HELP USA, which serves the homeless nationwide with housing and job training, including program in culinary field; photo (M)")('2006110', 'Roundup of election results in Southern states; map; exit poll responses (M)')('2006110', "Majority of independent voters cast ballots for Democrats, driven by distress over Iraq war, disapproval of Congressional leadership and concern about direction in which Pres Bush is leading nation; exit polls for National Election Pool show six in ten voters disapprove of war and Pres Bush's handling of his job; graphs (M)")('2006110', 'Game between Oakland Raiders and Seattle Seahawks brings 9.9 million viewers to ESPN, lowest ever for Monday Night Football (S)')('2006110', 'Canadian police are investigating discovery of plastic syringe found inside ham at Kitchener, Ontario, meat packing plant owned by Schneiders, subsidiary of Maple Leaf Foods; authorities initiated nationwide recall of hams and lunchmeats (S)')('2006110', "Peter Applebaum Our Towns column comments on 'dispirited electorate' in New Jersey resulting from months of negative campaigning in what became 'another hold-your-nose' election; says voters interviewed outside Rochelle Park polling place could not, for most part, say when they last voted for gubernatorial or US Senate candidate with enthusiasm (M)")('2006110', 'Letter from Beth Ann S Toupin of Amnesty International says trial of Saddam Hussein was missed opportunity to provide reckoning for his victims; urges Iraqi tribunal to reconsider death sentence')('2006110', 'Roasted cauliflower, parsnips and leeks make fall-scented filling for buckwheat crepes; recipes; photo (M)')('2006110', 'Democrats win open governorships in Arkansas, Colorado, Mass, New York and Ohio and unseat Republican Robert Ehrlich in Maryland, taking control of majority of statehouses for first time since 1990s; Republicans hold onto Florida governorship vacated by Jeb Bush; incumbents win in other states including Conn, Penna and Texas and Calif, where Republican Arnold Schwarzenegger handily defeats Phil Angelides; Ted Strickland wins in Ohio; Deval Patrick defeats Kerry Healey to become first black governor ever in Mass and second elected in US history since Reconstruction; other Democratic winners are Mike Beebe over Asa Hutchinson in Arkansas, Bill Ritter over Bob Beauprez in Colorado, John Lynch in New Hampshire, Edward Rendell in Penna, Rod Blagojevich in Illinois, Phil Bredesen in Tenn, Jennifer Granholm in Michigan, Janet Napolitano in Arizona, Dave Freudenthal in Wyoming, Bill Richardson in New Mexico; Republican winners include M Jodi Rell in Conn, Charlie Crist in Fla and Donald Carcieri in Rhode Island; tally; map; graph (M)')('2006110', "Late Night With David Letterman TV show will feature performance from Metropolitan Opera production of Rossini's Barbiere di Siviglia; appearance is part of Met's new strategy of trying to push itself into mainstream culture (S)")('2006110', 'Correction of Nov 6 listing of runners in New York City Marathon; computation of their times explained')('2006110', 'Week of NFL games discussed; photos (M)')('2006110', "Tajikistan's incumbent Pres Emomali Rakhmonov wins third seven-year term in election boycotted by mainstream opposition parties over allegations of voting irregularities (S)")('2006110', 'South African Pres Thabo Mbeki will attend funeral of P W Botha, former president and die-hard defender of apartheid; photo (S)')('2006110', 'How long can this hedge boom continue?')('2006110', '(Mark St. Amant is the author of Committed: Confessions of a Fantasy Football Junkie and Just Kick It: Tales of an Underdog, Over-Age, Out-of-Place Semi-Pro Football Player.) No prologue today. Don\'t feel too chatty. I\'m still in a bad mood thanks to my 2-point "Randy Moss inexplicably catching garbage-time passes from his decapitated quarterback" loss [...]')('2006110', 'In honor of the big Bears-Giants game on Sunday night, we present this video clip of the "Super Bowl Shuffle." Best performance: Linebacker Otis Wilson (55). He can sing, he can dance. He belongs. Three-way tie for dorkiest performance: 1) Linebacker Mike Singletary (50) - Fierce and intimidating on the field, but perhaps nowhere scarier [...]')('2006110', 'Noted elsewhere... U.S. Congress Results: Good for the Jews, Jerry Skurnik says - and the Buddhists. [Room 8.] Fake news roundup: New York\'s singing congressman-elect, John Hall, does an encore on "The Colbert Report." And on The Daily Show, a correspondent says Democrats are worried that their sweep of Congress has "played right into Karl [...]')('2006110', 'Before announcing his plans to run for president today, Gov. Tom Vilsack of Iowa called, among others, Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton to give her a heads-up about the news. Mrs. Clinton was a strong supporter of Mr. Vilsack, a Democrat who is stepping down next month, in his successful races for governor in 1998 and [...]')('2006110', "Ed Bradley, we'll miss you.")('2006110', 'The Lieberman camp informs us that Joe will be doing NBC\'s "Meet The Press" on Sunday. Which is sort of a hoot, given that a main complaint from many Connecticut Democrats this year - including Ned Lamont - was that Senator Lieberman cared more about his own national celebrity and appearances on "Meet The Press" [...]')('2006110', 'Readers respond to Bob Herbert\'s Nov. 6 column, "Ms. Speaker and Other Trends." Maryanne Conheim, Philadelphia: I do hope you\'re right about the winds of history. For the moment, at least, I\'m hopeful. It\'s like the moment when someone stops sticking you with an electric cattle prod. Mary Bader, Wayzata, Minn.: Bob, in your list [...]')('2006110', 'Readers respond to David Brooks\'s Nov. 9 column, "The Middle Muscles In." Emerson Floyd, Macon, Ga.: Your analysis was heartening. It articulated what I\'ve been feeling today. For the sake of our country, I wanted the Democrats to take control of Congress so bad that I\'d have given up a few toes. But then, as [...]')('2006110', 'George Allen concedes two days after the election, saying he did not want to drag a recount out until Christmas.')('2006110', 'One gaffe to come out of Eliot Spitzer\'s transition announcement today was confusion over whether the chairmen and chairwomen - there are six - could be hired to serve in the Spitzer administration itself. A press release put out by the fledgling transition team this morning said that the six "will not be entering government [...]')('2006110', 'The $17.6 billion buyout of Freescale Semiconductor, the largest ever of a technology company, has spawned a flood of reports, some sounding rather breathless, about which big tech company might be next. Fitch Ratings, which follows the credit market, is far more sober. In a report published Thursday, Fitch said a host of factors - [...]')('2006110', 'To know where the market is heading, it might help to look to the graduating class of the Harvard Business School. Not that the students themselves are particularly good at market timing. In a way, it may be just the opposite. The New York Sun reported Thursday that their vocational choices make for a "fairly [...]')('2006110', 'This just in from the Baguette: Russia\'s Federal Agency for Culture and Cinematography banned the release of "Borat" on Wednesday, though later it said the ban was not yet official. "There was some kind of explanation that the movie might create tension between races and nationalities because of its far-from-simple humor," Nikolai Vorunkov, a spokesman [...]')('2006110', '(Librado Romero/The New York Times) Just be yourselves, but watch your table manners. The public life, so strange: The most normal of moments, like a breakfast, can turn into a bit of a circus when you invite a gaggle to join you. Earlier: At the Spitzer-Bloomberg breakfast.')('2006110', 'Wouldn\'t it be nice to erase your name from past embarrassments? A study suggesting that this might have been done with stock research is creating some controversy. A paper by a group of business professors reported that the widely used I/B/E/S historical database of stock-analyst recommendations contains nearly 20,000 "changes of an unusual nature," including [...]')('2006110', 'Governor-elect Eliot Spitzer announced his transition team today, naming six people to lead up the first gubernatorial transition in the state in a dozen years. He also promised to lead a nationwide search for talent as he seeks to fill hundreds of state jobs and even had a Web site to pitch, www.TransitionNY.org, where he [...]')('2006110', "A glowing review from investor William Ackman made shares of Borders Group a best-seller on Thursday. The bookseller's stock jumped more than 10 percent after Mr. Ackman announced that his firm, Pershing Square Capital, had bought an 11 percent stake in the company. Speaking at the Value Investing Congress in New York, Mr. Ackman called [...]")('2006110', 'Jon Stewart pushed forward last night with coverage of the tipped balance of power in Congress, while Stephen Colbert had difficulty controlling his despair.')('2006110', 'A quick look at what is brewing... Queens: Another State Senate recount? And Kiryas Joel takes credit for the John Hall victory. [The Politicker.] Kids ask the darndest instant-message questions about Hillary Rodham Clinton. [The Daily Politics.] Eliot Spitzer is heading off to Puerto Rico. [Capitol Confidential.] "So long, NASCAR Dads:" Chris Shays\' narrow win. [...]')('2006110', 'Senator George Allen is expected to concede this afternoon, according to officials.')('2006110', 'The stock market has reacted mostly positively to the Democrats\' election victories. But TheDeal.com is suggesting that, with both houses of Congress swathed in a deeper shade of blue, Wall Street and corporate America should brace for a "more hostile" reception on Capitol Hill, especially when it comes to mergers. Michigan Rep. John Dingell, who [...]')('2006110', 'Rev. Ted Haggard preaching in the documentary film "Jesus Camp." (Magnolia Pictures) Browsing at Movie City News, the Bagger noticed a story about the closing of a facility that was the subject of the film "Jesus Camp." Since the film came out, the camp in North Dakota has been vandalized and has received a hail [...]')('2006110', 'UBS said Thursday that the chairman and chief executive of its Americas unit will step down at the end of the year. Mark Sutton, who has been with UBS and its predecessor firms since 1980, became chairman in 2005. He will pursue "a range of other business opportunities and personal interests," the company said in [...]')('2006110', "Chris Suellentrop's answers to readers' questions are now posted. Thanks to those who submitted questions.")('2006110', 'Speaking of religious matters, you can\'t do much better in terms of premiere space than the Vatican. The Holy See has seen fit to host the first showing of "The Nativity," a character-driven study of the biblical story of Mary and Joseph. After seeing the light, and the verdant box office, from Mel Gibson\'s "The [...]')('2006110', 'The Democrats have officially picked up one more seat, and a contentious recount is under way again in Florida.')('2006110', "Despite the rumors around Wall Street, it is unlikely that Comcast will try to acquire Sprint Nextel, according to Douglas Shapiro, a Bank of America analyst. Such a deal would join Comcast's vast cable network with Sprint's wireless assets. But in a note Thursday, Mr. Shapiro offers a list of reasons why Comcast would not [...]")('2006110', "Media and technology moguls gathered in New York on Wednesday for the opening of foursquare, an invitation-only conference held each year by the investment firm Quadrangle Group that features discussion panels, hors d'oeuvres and a lot of high-level networking. DealBook sent a photographer to the first day of the usually media-shy event. Below, some pictures [...]")('2006110', 'The Los Angeles Times editorial page calls President Bush\'s decision to accept (third time\'s the charm) Donald Rumsfeld\'s resignation as secretary of defense "the political equivalent of bringing down the piñata once it\'s been battered beyond recognition." Slate\'s Fred Kaplan, a frequent Bush administration critic, declines to take a whack at the shiny new piñata [...]')('2006110', 'As goes Virginia, so goes the Senate. We may know more this afternoon.')('2006110', 'The passion of the protests outside the Supreme Court yesterday contrasted with the virtual medical seminar taking place inside as justices sought to learn more about late-term abortion.')('2006110', 'Representative Nancy Pelosi, the current minority leader and likely speaker, would not necessarily have an easy job enforcing discipline on the new "mosaic" Democratic majority.')('2006110', "Adam Nagourney observes that the Democrats were able to use bad news in Iraq to their political advantage, and Bush administration members scuttled G.O.P. candidates' efforts to avoid the whole discussion by talking about it constantly in uncompromising terms.")('2006110', "Bagels? Check. Fruit cup? Check. Something that looked like scallion cream cheese but we're not really sure? Check. Yes, the photo-ops with Governor-elect Eliot Spitzer continues, as he makes the rounds in his early transition. After meeting Gov. George E. Pataki for coffee at a midtown diner yesterday, Mr. Spitzer visited Gracie Mansion for breakfast [...]")('2006110', "In a dizzying change of course, President Bush announced Donald Rumsfeld's resignation only a few days after vowing that the embattled defense secretary, as well as Vice President Dick Cheney, would be sticking around through the end of the administration.")('2006110', "Someone in the newsroom commented on Wednesday that today's newspaper needs four front pages.")('2006110', 'In the next week or so, the Texas Pacific Group is expected to wrap up its latest fund with more than $15 billion, LBOWire reports. The fund is waiting on paperwork for the final close. Closed to new investors, the firm was recently forced to turn down interested parties due to oversubscription. Confirmed limited partners [...]')('2006110', "Scottish Power said it received a takeover approach, and various reports named Spain's Iberdrola as the potential suitor. Reports said the deal that could value Scottish Power, Britain's fifth-biggest energy supplier, at more than 11 billion pounds ($20.9 billion). Iberdrola, Spain's second largest energy company, is understood to have teamed up with a private equity [...]")('2006110', 'Having endured tremendous loss during the Sept. 11 attacks, Keefe Bruyette & Woods has taken the latest step in its fabled comeback, pricing its upcoming initial public offering at $21 a share Wednesday night, TheStreet.com said. As of Wednesday, the firm has sold 6.8 million shares at the top end of its expected price range, [...]')('2006110', "The investment bank Morgan Stanley submitted a shareholder proposal to The New York Times Company that would put the newspaper's dual-class ownership structure to a vote. The dual-class structure currently allows members of the Ochs-Sulzberger family to control the company through a special class of stock. A recommendation would also be made to have the [...]")('2006110', 'Time Warner has had to do away with a four-year movie theater venture in China as a result of tighter restrictions on foreign ownership. Warner Brothers has been trying to negotiate a compromise with the Chinese government over a July 2005 ruling requiring outside investors to cede control in ventures to their Chinese partners. Talks [...]')('2006110', "H&Q Asia Pacific has paid about $45 million for 43.3 percent of Yuchai Engineering Machinery, which is based in China's Guangxi and specializes in small excavators. H&Q, a private equity and venture capital firm, said it plans to sell off the investment through an initial public offering in two to three years. Go to Article [...]")('2006110', 'Martha Stewart is expected to reach into her own pocket for $5 million as part of the $30 million ImClone class-action suit. Her company, Martha Stewart Living, will likely pay $15 million, with company insurers picking up the balance. Go to Article from MarketWatch »')('2006110', 'Asset managers in China could invest $75 billion away from home in the next two years. Bloomberg News reports that a study from Standard Chartered Bank said this would slow growth in foreign-exchange reserves and ease pressure on the yuan. Standard Chartered\'s Stephen Green told Bloomberg, "The government is very focused on facilitating these offshore [...]')('2006110', 'Optasite, which acquires and leases space on towers for mobile wireless networks, has raised a $150 million credit facility from Morgan Stanley. The credit line is in adition to a $65 million credit facility led by GE Capital that closed in December. Other Optasite backers include Key Venture Partners, Babson Capital Management, Columbia Capital, Centennial [...]')('2006110', 'St. George Bank has launched an up to $225 million hybrid tier-1 capital offer in the form of converting preference shares via joint leads UBS and Goldman Sachs. Finance Asia says that the deal is the first under new Australian regulations which govern tier-1 capital issuance. The new guidelines determine how much innovative and non-innovative [...]')('2006110', 'Singapore government investment fund Temasek Holdings raised $169.6 million from the sale of its remaining stake in Chinese property developer Hopson Development Holdings. In August 2005, Temasek had purchased 100.3 million shares of Hopson, controlled by Chinese billionaire Zhu Mengyi. This gave it a 16.7 percent ownership at the time. The fund sold 25 million [...]')('2006110', 'New and existing investors have brought Solstice Neurosciences $85 million in a Series B round of debt and equity financing. Solstice produces the drug Myobloc, used for involuntary contractions of neck muscles. A new partner, Highland Capital Management, led the round and was joined by existing investors Thomas McNerney & Partners, Investor Growth Capital, Morgan [...]')('2006110', "Investors in Sinopec Shanghai Petrochemical and Sinopec Yizheng Chemical Fibre have rejected plans to increase the amount of the companies' tradable stock and will instead hold out for a better offer. Shares in the China Petroleum divisions surged on speculation that the parent company could seek a buy out now that the conversion plan has [...]")('2006110', 'A fourth round of funding has provided Zoom Systems with an extra $35 million from Goldman Sachs, Sierra Ventures and Motorola Ventures. Motorola is the newcomer to the round. Zoom supplies automated robotic vending machines which allow shoppers to choose name brand products via a touch screen, pay with a credit card and have their [...]')('2006110', 'Less than a month after firing its chief executive over a stock options scandal, the health insurer UnitedHealth has told investors that it expects to take "significantly greater" charges than the $286 million it had previously predicted, BusinessWeek reported. Go to Article from Business Week » Go to Article from MarketWatch »')('2006110', 'Air Canada has topped U.S. carriers by offering power outlets and touch-screen entertainment units, but still no Wi-Fi.')('2006110', "While much of the focus in the campaign was on the more moderate tendencies of Democratic contenders, the scope of Tuesday's Democratic surge makes for a more complex picture and a broader mix of ideologies. Given this diversity, how hard will it be for Democratic leaders to set a unified agenda? Go to Related Article")('2006110', "A 1 billion pound claim by more than 1,000 Names who used to underwrite policies at Lloyd's of London has failed in London's high court. The suit was an attempt to get money out of the government over failures to regulate the insurance market. In the late 1980's and early 1990's, Names suffered severe losses [...]")('2006110', 'The Securities and Exchange Commission sued Edward S. Ehee, a San Francisco hedge fund manager, along with the funds that he managed, Viper Capital Management and Compass Fund Management, on Wednesday, accusing him of fleecing 18 investors out of about $5 million. Rather than invest the millions he raised, Mr. Ehee gave the money to [...]')('2006110', 'Michael Currie Schaffer, a staff writer at The Philadelphia Inquirer, peers into the future and discovers what next year\'s hot political books will be. Among them: "Foxes in the Yacht Club: How the Democrats Stole the Northeast and what the Republicans Must Do to Run the Ruffians Off." [$] "In this how-to manual," Schaffer writes [...]')('2006110', 'A Peruvian gold and silver miner, Hochschild, made its London Stock Exchange opening on Wednesday and scored a 1 billion pound ($1.9 billion) market capitalization in the process. The company is the first Latin American entity to seek an initial public offering on the London exchange in more than a century, says The Times of [...]')('2006110', 'J.P. Morgan Chase and Morgan Stanley are close to resolving a stand-off that has delayed growth of trading derivatives based on corporate loans, says Bloomberg News. If an agreement is reached in the two-month long dispute - which set back the creation of a specific measurement index - it would mean the end of a [...]')('2006110', "St. Louis-based First Banks has agreed to acquire Houston-based Royal Oaks Bank for more than $38 million in cash. First Banks has 187 offices in four states and will add branches in Texas this year. David Weaver, president of First Banks' Texas region, said the deal with Royal Oaks will take the bank's Texas assets [...]")('2006110', 'Shares in a grain handler Agricore United, rose 21 percent on Wednesday after news emerged that a rival, the Saskatchewan Wheat Pool, had made a hostile takeover bid that would create a combined business worth more than 1.2 billion Canadian dollars ($1.06 billion). However, Agricore has urged its shareholders not to take any action until [...]')('2006110', "France's Aegis has rallied support from its institutional investors to block an attempt by the corporate raider Vincent Bolloré to gain seats on the board. The Guardian reports that Aegis now has 23 percent of its shareholder base behind it, although Mr. Bolloré is the company's biggest shareholder with 29 percent of the group. Aegis [...]")('2006110', "BHP Billiton, the world's largest mining group, has warned shareholders that it is being targeted by a controversial trader, David Tweed. An Australia-based investor, Mr. Tweed is infamous for making below-market value offers to shareholders and has already targeted a number of Australian companies, according to The Guardian. The paper said that many who have [...]")('2006110', "Nexans, the world's largest cable maker, has agreed to buy a rival, Olex, of Melbourne, Australia, for $397 million. Bloomberg News reports that Nexan's chief executive, Gerard Hauser, has previously said he was considering purchases in North America and Asia, where demand for the company's products is growing faster than in Europe. Go to Article [...]")('2006110', 'The incoming chairman of the House Energy and Commerce Committee, John Dingell, has said he would like the Federal Communications Commission to delay its vote on AT&T\'s acquisition of BellSouth. The $82.9 billion hook-up, according to Mr. Dingell, raises a "significant antitrust question." A combined company would have $117 billion in revenues with 68.7 million [...]')('2006110', 'Following news that News Corporation would bring its MySpace social network to Japan, it has now said it will open shop in China if the right joint-venture partner comes along. News Corporation has agreed to a deal with Softbank to move the Internet site into Japan and a Chinese deal could come during the next [...]')('2006110', "The Australian government said it would increase its $6.1 billion Telstra stock sale after a surge in demand from retail investors. Telstra is Australia's biggest phone company and interest appears to have exceeded the government's original target. The offer will be opened to institutional investors next week. Go to Article from Bloomberg News »")('2006110', 'California billionaires Eli Broad and Ron Burkle joined forces Wednesday to make an offer to acquire Tribune, the besieged media conglomerate that owns The Los Angeles Times. But for weeks, the name of a third billionaire, David Geffen, has been bandied about as a third - and for some, preferred - suitor for The Times. [...]')('2006110', "While it fights a takeover bid by Mexico's Cemex, the Australian building materials manufacturer Rinker Group is enjoying a surge in profits. Second quarter profits rose 11 percent, with net income up to $204.6 million, Bloomberg News reported. Cemex has offered $11.7 billion for the Sydney-based operation but will now very likely have to increase [...]")('2006110', 'This may be the start of a new political era for New York: Men and women named Rangel, Schumer, Slaughter, Velazquez, Clinton, Lowey, and Nadler - not to mention Spitzer and Bloomberg - will have their hands on the levers of heightened power come January. The architect? Senator Charles E. Schumer, the head of the [...]')('2006110', 'Renault, the French carmaker, and Mahindra & Mahindra of India are joining ranks to invest as much as $1 billion to build an automotive factory in India. Nissan, which is partly owned by Renault, could join the venture after canceling plans to work with Suzuki on a similar venture. The plan is to increase car [...]')('2006110', 'William Saletan, Slate\'s national correspondent, concocts a fictional transcript of the post-election press conference President Bush "wanted to give." A sampling: Q: Mr. President, about the Senate race in Missouri. THE PRESIDENT: I\'m glad you brought that up, Terry. Missouri is the central front in this war. It\'s going to take a long time, but [...]')('2006110', 'Locked in a takeover battle for the past several months, NovaGold Resources and Barrick Gold have once again failed to reach an agreement acceptable to shareholders. NovaGold\'s chief executive, Rick Van Nieuwenhuyse, told The Globe and Mail he was "embarrassed for them," referring to his adamant shareholders. Barrick will now have a fifth chance to [...]')('2006110', 'In a boon for the local technology industry, Intel has been given a "go" to increase its investment in Vietnam from an initial $300 million to up to $1 billion, according to news reports. Intel is building a factory in Ho Chi Minh City and is expected to announce further details on Friday. Go to [...]')('2006110', 'One of the people that the Bagger was lucky enough to bump into at the American Film Market was John Fithian, head of the National Association of Theater Owners, one NATO that has some actual muscle behind it. Good thing too, because these are very rugged times for theater owners, what with the likes of [...]')('2006110', 'As the Bagger has pointed out before, the women who are lucky enough to get the dance with the little golden guy at the Kodak Theater often up end up trading in their lifesize mates soon after. Sadly, Reese Witherspoon, who won last year for her portrayal of June Carter in "Walk the Line," is [...]')('2006110', "There have been some concerns that the young man who plays Borat's son was, ah, exposed in ways that might not have been entirely legal in the making of the film. Those wacky kids over at Radar did the spade work and found out that the person in question was totally legal and had some [...]")('2006110', 'The buyout firm Clayton Dubilier & Rice said Thursday that it is stepping up its presence in the growing Asian market for buyouts, joining a region increasingly crowded with overseas players hunting deals. Private equity funds, which have driven a global merger boom, helped propel merger and acquisition volume in Asia excluding Japan to $306 [...]')('2006110', 'In the latest installment of a long stock exchange soap opera, shares in the London Stock Exchange rose on word that the Nasdaq Stock Market would make another run at the British market, dealers told Reuters Thursday. Dealers said that rumors pegged the latest Nasdaq bid at about 1,400 pence a share. That talk propelled [...]')('2006110', "Danske Bank, the Nordic region's second-biggest financial institution, agreed to buy Sampo Bank from Helsinki-based insurer Sampo Oyj for 30.1 billion Danish kroner ($5.15 billion) in cash, Bloomberg News said. Denmark's Danske Bank will increase its foreign branches by 159 to 440, including 34 offices in the Baltics, and extend its presence in Finland, where [...]")('2006110', "Dubai International Capital, a state-controlled private equity company, may start buying shares in the parent of Airbus, EADS, and plans to reduce its $1 billion holding in DaimlerChrysler, Bloomberg News said. Dubai International's chief executive, Sameer al-Ansari, said the firm was discussing the possibility of buying into EADS with that company's finance chief. Go to [...]")('2006110', "In a rare move, Microsoft said Wednesday that it had agreed to pay a percentage of the sales of its new portable media player, the Zune, to the Universal Music Group. Universal Music, a unit of Vivendi, will receive a royalty on the Zune player in exchange for licensing its recordings for Microsoft's new digital [...]")('2006110', 'Instead of wooing venture investors, hundreds of Internet start-up companies in the past couple of years have taken a different approach. Unlike most companies formed during the first Internet boom, which were built on costly technology and marketing budgets, many of the current crop of Internet start-ups have gone from zero to 60 on a [...]')('2006110', "The Manufacturing conglomerate 3M on Thursday announced a three-part transaction valued at $2.1 billion to sell its global pharmaceuticals business. An affiliate of a private equity firm, GTCR Golder Rauner, agreed to buy 3M's pharmaceutical operations in the United States, Canada, and Latin America for $875 million. A Swedish drugs group, Meda, will buy 3M's [...]")('2006110', "Throwing aside hedge funds' traditional taste for secrecy, the Fortress Investment Group has filed with regulators to sell shares in an initial public offering. The I.P.O. would be the first listing of its kind in the United States, allowing ordinary investors to own a piece of a firm that manages billions of dollars in hedge-fund [...]")('2006110', "(Fred Meyer is the sports editor at About.com and the fantasy football defense columnist at Rotowire.com) What have we really proved by picking the fantasy defenders who play against the Raiders every week? We, like most fantasy owners, are willing to take what's given to us. And, we'll keep walking through that open door until [...]")('2006110', "As the art market boils over this year - Wednesday night, Christie's oversaw a record-setting $491 million sale that included works by Gauguin and Klimt - it is fair to say that hedge fund managers are adding some of the heat. Consider SAC Capital's Steven A. Cohen, who recently agreed to drop $63.5 million for [...]")('2006110', 'In this lesson, students share opinions about the roles and responsibilities of the Secretary of Defense. They then convene for a "fishbowl" discussion on the issues surrounding the resignation of Donald H. Rumsfeld and individually write questions to "Ask the White House" based on their research.')('2006110', 'Lower East Side Girls Club of New York opens store selling products made by artisans around world, including pie plates, platters and bowls; photo (S)')('2006110', 'Sen Hillary Rodham Clinton emerges from her landslide victory with new excuse for sidestepping questions about about 2008 presidential campaign: she says she is too exhilarated from midterms to talk about future; says she is excited that Democrats have had great election for country, for our state and for our city; photo (M)')('2006110', 'Correction; Oct 19 article about ultramarathoner Dean Karnazes misstated dietary change he made to help him recover between marathons')('2006110', 'State-by-state tallies of results in elections to House of Representatives and United States Senate; maps and graphs showing results in major metropolitan areas and illustrating balance of power between Democrats and Republicans in both houses of Congress')('2006110', "Dr Margaret F C Chan, expert on SARS and avian influenza, is nominated by executive board of World Health Organization to be agency's director general; she is expected to be elected by special session of WHO, an agency of United Nations based in Geneva; if elected, she will become first person from China to lead a United Nations agency; she would fill vacancy left by death of Dr Lee Jong-wook of South Korea last May; photo (M)")('2006110', 'Correction of Nov 5 article on large number of Guatemalan children adopted by couples from United States; it was Guatemalan Pres Alfonso Portillo who signed international treaty in 2002 setting standards for intercountry adoptions')('2006110', 'Pottery Barn Bed and Bath and Pottery Barn Kids are opening stores in New York City; photo (S)')('2006110', 'National Joint Commission on Accreditation of Health-Care Organizations gives Stony Brook University Medical Center in Stony Brook, LI, full accreditation after unannounced inspection (S)')('2006110', "Roundup of election results in Western states, Alaska and Hawaii; tallies; map; chart; Alaska: Republican Sarah Palin fends off former governor Tony Knowles to become state's first female governor; Rep Don Young wins; Arizona: Republican Sen Jon Kyl wins strongly over Jim Pederson; Democrat Harry Mitchell unseats Rep J D Hayworth and fellow Democrat, Gov Janet Napolitano, defeats Len Munsil by almost 28 points; 74 percent of voters approve English as official language; also bar bail for illegal immigrants and narrowly reject measure barring same-sex marriage; approve minimum wage rise and antismoking measure but reject $1-million 'voter reward' lottery; California: Gov Arnold Schwarzenegger strongly defeats Phil Angelides; Rep Richard Pombo, linked to lobbyist Jack Abramoff, loses to Gerald McNerney as fellow Republican Rep John Doolittle fends off Charlie Brown; Democrats wins six of seven other statewide races; former Gov Jerry Brown becomes attorney general and Sen Dianne Feinstein defeats Dick Mountjoy; voters reject parental notification for abortions, limits on eminent domain, public campaign financing; approve tougher penalties for sex offenders and $37 billion in borrowing; Colorado: Bill Ritter defeats Bob Beauprez for governor, capping four-year string of Democratic wins; voters elect Demcrats to four of seven congressional seats; reject same-sex marriage and legal marijuana; Democrat Ed Perlmutter defeats Rick O'Donnell for Congress; Hawaii: Democratic Sen Daniel Akaka defeats Cynthia Thielen, Republican Gov Linda Lingle defeats Randy Iwase; Democrat Mazie Hirono defeats Bob Hogue for House; Rep Neil Abercrombie wins; Idaho: Republican C L Otter defeats Jerry Brady for governor as appointed incumbent James Risch runs for former job as lieutenant governor; Republican Bill Sali defeats Larry Grant for Otter seat; voters bar same-sex marriage and limits on eminent domain; Montana: Democrat Jon Tester narrowly unseats Sen Conrad Burns; voters approve minimum wage increase; Rep Denny Rehberg wins; Nevada: Republican Jim Gibbons defeats Dina Titus for governor; Sen John Ensign defeats Jack Carter, son of former president Jimmy Carter; voters approve minimum wage increase and curbs on eminent domain; reject legal marijuana and smoking ban in public places; New Mexico: Rep Heather Wilson leads Patricia Madrid; Sen Jeff Bingaman and Gov Bill Richardson, Democrats, win easily over Allen McCulloch and John Dendahl; Reps Tom Udall and Steve Pearce win; Oregon: Democrats win statehouse and governorship as Theodore R Kulongoski defeats Ron Saxton; all five members of Congress win; voters turn down parental notification on abortion, approve state-negotiated discounts on drugs; Utah: Sen Orrin Hatch easily defeats Peter Ashdown to win sixth term; all three House incumbents win; Washington State: Democratic Sen Maria Cantwell sails to re-election over Mike McGavick; eight House incumbents win; Rep Dave Reichert holds slight lead over Democrat Darcy Burner; voters reject estate tax repeal and curb on eminent domain; Wyoming: Republican Rep Barbara Cubin leads Gary Trauner; Sen Craig Thomas defeats Dale Groutage")('2006110', 'New York Times Neediest Cases article on Andrei and Natallia Biahliak, immigrants from Belarus who began receiving financial help through UJA-Federation after Andrei became too ill to work; photo (M)')('2006110', 'Former New York Knicks coach Larry Brown is awarded $18.5 million in settlement with team; photo (M)')('2006110', 'Personal Shopper Column on classic and modern accessories for Thanksgiving dinner table; photos (M)')('2006110', 'Foreign governments reacting to rebuff American voters delivered to Pres Bush in midterm elections strike more conciliatory tone toward administration than they have in past, and none say that vote was about anything but Iraq; photo (M)')('2006110', 'Photos of Senate winners Bob Corker in Tenn, Robert Menendez in New Jersey, Claire McCaskill in Missouri, Jon Tester in Montana, Bob Casey in Pennsylvania and Sheldon Whitehouse in Rhode Island')('2006110', "Correction of Nov 1 article on dispute in Moscow over new production of Tchaikovsky's opera Yevgeny Onegin at Bolshoi Theater regarding comment by soprano Galina Vishnevskaya")('2006110', "Sen Charles E Schumer and New York's Congressional delegation, after years of being out the outs in Washignton, suddenly find themselves a locus of power on Capitol Hill; and for state with long wish list, from money for domestic security and more jobs upstate, ascendant Democrats in House and Senate are well positioned to deliver hundreds of millions of new dollars to New York; Democratic takeover of House is expected to elevate Charles B Rangel to chairman of tax-writing Ways and Means Committee--first leader of that panel from New York City since Fernando Wood, a former mayor, from 1877 to 1881; Louise M Slaughter is set to lead powerful Rules Committee, and Nydia M Velazquez would run Small Business Committee; if Democrats take over Senate--and even if they do not--Schumer and Sen Hillary Rodham Clinton will only add luster to their starriness because of election results; photos of Schumer, Clinton, Rangel and Rep Anthony Weiner (M)")('2006110', "Photo of New Jersey Nets's win against Utah Jazz")('2006110', 'Roundup of new entries in sports nutrition market; photos (M)')('2006110', 'Correction: photo caption with Nov 4 article on early start to holiday shopping season by Wal-Mart showed printed flier, not Web site')('2006110', 'Blinkdecor.com, online decorating guide, serves as design resource for people with lots of taste but very little time; photo (S)')('2006110', 'Correction of Nov 1 article on actor Viggo Mortensen and small publishing house he runs, Perceval Press; woman cited as member of staff is no longer with company')('2006110', "Victor Lam wins Scotiabank Giller Prize, one of Canada's top literary awards, for book Bloodletting and Miraculous Cures; photo (S)")('2006110', 'Corection of Nov 3 obituary about folk artist Mose Tolliver regarding gallery where his work was shown')('2006110', "Correction of Nov 8 article on meeting of permanent members of Security Council and Germany on resolution to curb Iran's nuclear program, regarding description of Amb John R Bolton rushing off to his next meeting")('2006110', 'Photo of street in Havana as Cuban government celebrates United Nations General Assembly vote in favor of resolution for United States to end its 45-year embargo against country')('2006110', 'Correction of Nov 8 article on proposal on Rhode Island ballot')('2006110', 'New York Yankees announce they will bid on rights to negotiate with Japanese pitcher Daisuke Matsuzaka (M)')('2006110', 'Correction of Executive Pursuits column Nov 4 about World Poker championship at Foxwoods Resort Casino, which misidentified card that dealer tossed out')('2006110', "Man in the News profile of Robert Michael Gates, Pres Bush's choice to replace Donald H Rumsfeld as Secretary of Defense; Gates, who is 63, served as deputy to national security adviser during administration of first Pres Bush and then as head of Central Intelligence Agency; has been privately critical of current Bush administration's failure to execute its military and political plans for Iraq; has spent last six months quietly debating new approaches to war as member of Iraq Study Group, run by James A Baker III and Lee H Hamilton; photo (M)")('2006110', 'New tuxedos are less formal more colorful; look is more about separates than total look, although traditionalists bemoan loss of stylish uniformity; photos (M)')('2006110', 'Correction of Nov 8 article on American Film Market, movie convention, regarding given name of one actress mentioned')('2006110', 'Photo of statue of Pennsylvania State University football coach Joe Paterno, who is hospitalized with leg injury')('2006110', 'Roadside ambush in Shatoi region of Chechnya kills seven Russian troops and wounds another (S)')('2006110', 'Carnegie Hall announces that Synneve Carlino will become new director of public affairs, replacing Ann Diebold (S)')('2006110', 'Correction of Nov 6 article on decision by Yankees to exercise $13 million option on Gary Sheffield regarding his career')('2006110', "Sen Joseph Lieberman, victorious after six-month election roller-coaster, says Democratic leader Harry Reid assures him he will retain seniority despite bolting party after primary loss; apparent Democratic majority will put him in line to chair Homeland Security Committee; Lieberman says he would not join Republicans even if asked; offers something of olive branch to Ned Lamont but criticizes 'venomous' Internet bloggers who fueled challenger's candidacy; photo (M)")('2006110', 'Federal Bureau of Investigation opens new office in Australia as part of effort to combat terrorism and international organized crime; agency now has 74 overseas offices, up 40 percent since 2004 (S)')('2006110', "French police question Charles-Philippe d'Orleans, descendant of Louis-Philippe, last king of France, in connection with suspected smear campaign against pharmaceutical company Thea (S)")('2006110', 'Photo of pedestrian caught in unexpected downpour in White Plains, NY')('2006110', "Christie's sale of Impressionist and modern art turns into biggest in auction history, bringing in $491.4 million; offerings included $125 million worth of artworks recently returned to heirs of owners from whom they had been looted by Nazis during World War II; individual works and bids discussed; photo (M)")('2006110', 'Correction of Nov 3 article on plan by Major League Baseball to hold season opener in China regarding earlier opener recalled')('2006110', "Roundup of election results in Northeastern states and District of Columbia; tallies; map; chart; Connecticut: Sen Joseph Lieberman wins as independent, Democrat Chris Murphy unseats Rep Nancy Johnson, Rep Christopher Shays fends off Democrat Diane Farrell, Gov M Jodi Rell wins election to full term; Rep Rob Simmons is tied with Joe Courtney; Delaware: Sens Thomas Carper and Joseph Biden and Rep Michael Castle win; Joseph Biden III, senator's son, defeats Ferris Wharton for attorney general; District of Columbia: Adrian Fenty becomes mayor, Robert C Bobb school board pres; Maine: Sen Olympia Snowe, Gov John Baldacci and Reps Tom Allen and Michael Michaud win; voters reject statutory limits on government spending; Maryland: Democrat Martin O'Malley unseats Gov Robert Ehrlich, Benjamin Cardin defeats Michael Steele for Senate, Democrats keep six-to-two majority in House races as incumbents win across board; John Sarbanes, son of retiring Sen Paul Sarbanes, wins Cardin's seat and Democrat Douglas Gansler becomes attorney general; Massachusetts: Deval Patrick trounces Kerry Healey to become first black governor, ending 16 years of Republican control; very heavy turnout noted; Sen Edward Kennedy wins eighth term and ten House incumbents, all Democrats, win; voters decline to allow food stores to sell wine; New Hampshire: Democrats Paul Hodes and Carol Shea-Porter unseat Reps Charles Bass and Jeb Bradley; Gov John Lynch re-elected; New Jersey: Rep Robert Menendez defeats Thomas H Kean Jr for Senate; Albio Sires wins Menendez's House seat; New York: Eliot Spitzer elected governor, Sen Hillary Clinton re-elected, Democrats Michael Arcuri, John Hall and Kirsten Gillibrand take Republican House seats; Republican Reps James Walsh, Thomas Reynolds and John Kuhl narrowly survive; Legislature changes little; Democrat Andrew Cuomo defeats Jeanine Pirro for attorney general; Comptroller Alan Hevesi re-elected; Pennsylvania: Democratic winners are Bob Casey over Sen Rick Santorum, Jason Altmire over Rep Melissa Hart, Patrick Murphy over Rep Michael Fitzpatrick, Joe Sestak over Rep Kurt Weldon, Christopher Carney over Rep Don Sherwood; Republican Rep Jim Gerlach defeats Lois Murphy and Gov Edward Rendell defeats Lynn Swann; Rhode Island: Democrat Sheldon Whitehouse unseats Sen Lincoln Chafee; Republican Gov Donald Carcieri and two Democratic congressmen win; voters refuse to give Narragansett Indians and Harrah's exclusive casino rights; Vermont: independent Rep Bernard Sanders defeats Republican Richard Tarrant for Senate; Democrat Peter Welch wins race for Sanders House seat; Republican Gov James Douglas wins; West Virginia: Sen Robert Byrd easily wins ninth term")('2006110', 'Larry Ruhl is selling pieces of wallpaper from early 20th century as artwork at his shop in High Falls, NY; photos (S)')('2006110', "Correction of Nov 4 article on what Suffolk County, NY, police describe as murder-suicide; man who killed his gilfriend and threatened suicide was William Murphy; girfrield's name was Kristin Wenz")('2006110', 'Wright auction house, based in Chicago, is offering public preview in New York of its Important 20th Century Designs sale; photos (S)')('2006110', 'Eleven letters on election of House of Representatives controlled by Democrats; Emily Rome, Anne Bernays, Ken Swensen, Stephanie Nicholas Acquadro and Reese Lloyd voice satisfaction or jubilation at this rebuff to Pres Bush; Geoffrey W Bramhall tries to see good side from Republican perspective; Richard Lenter attributes outcome to Republican incompetence; Alan H Neff doubts if Democrats can undo damage done by Bush administration; Bruce Feher suggests what Republicans will have to do to regain power; Gail Minthorn says Democrats must act like employees of American people; drawing')('2006110', 'Correction of Nov 8 music review about harp concert by Emmanuel Ceysson regarding surname of composer cited')('2006110', "German government says country's population will continue to decline because of low birth rates; Germany already has one of lowest birth rates in Europe (S)")('2006110', "Cliff and Maria DeAnna of Mountainside, NJ, file suit against Aetna Inc insurance company after it refuses to cover nearly 10 weeks of treatment for daughter's anorexia, saying that eating disorder is not 'biologically based'; suit says state law requires insurers to provide same coverage for mental and nervous conditions as for physiological diseases and is seeking certification as class action (M)")('2006110', 'ABC leads ratings for Tuesday night with show Dancing With the Stars (S)')('2006110', 'New York Knicks defeat Denver Nuggets, 109-107; photo (M)')('2006110', "Roundup of election results in Midwest; tallies; map; chart; Illinois: Tammy Duckworth, who lost her legs in Iraq and drew international attention with challenge to Pres Bush's policy, loses to Peter Roskam in bid for seat of retiring Rep Henry Hyde in heavily Republican DuPage County; Rep Melissa Bean and Gov Rod Blagojevich, Democrats, win; Indiana: Democrat Brad Ellsworth trounces Rep John Hostettler; Democrat Joe Donnelly unseats Rep Chris Chocola and Baron Hill takes back seat he lost to Mike Sodrel in 2004; four Republican and two Democratic congressmen win, as does Sen Richard Lugar; Iowa: Democrats elect governor, win Legislature and, in stunning upset, oust Jim Leach, moderate Republican in Congress for 30 years; Chet Culver defeats Rep Jim Nussle in governor's race; Dave Loebsack unseats Leach; Democrat Bruce Braley defeats Mike Whalen for Nussle seat; Kansas: Democratic Gov Kathleen Sebelius cruises to re-election; Republican-turned-Democrat Paul Morrison easily unseats controversial Atty Gen Phill Kline; Mark Parkinson, also former Republican, is elected lieutenant governor; Democrat Nancy Boyda unseats Repr Jim Ryun; Republicans hold control of state Board of Education but critics of teaching evolution lose majority; Michigan: Democrats take control of Legislature and hold governorship with Jennifer Granholm's re-election; voters approve anti-affirmative action initiative; Sen Debbie Stabenow wins; Missouri: Democrat Claire McCaskill ousts Sen Jim Talent in closely watched race in bellwether state; voters approve stem cell research and minimum wage increase; Minnesota: Gov Tim Pawlenty defeats Democrat Mike Hatch by one percentage point; Democrat Amy Klobuchar defeats Rep Mark Kennedy to become first female elected to Senate from state; Democrat Tim Walz unseats Rep Gil Gutknecht; Nebraska: Democratic Sen Ben Nelson wins easily; Republican Adrian Smith defeats Scott Kleeb for House; Republican Gov Dave Heineman defeats David Hahn; North Dakota: Sen Kent Conrad and Rep Earl Pomeroy, Democrats, win; voters approve limiting eminent domain property seizures; Ohio: Democrat Ted Strickland defeats J Kenneth Blackwell for governor, Democrat Sherrod Brown unseats Sen Mike DeWine; Democrats win other statewide offices and six of 18 Congressional districts, gain of one, with two undecided; candidates backing teaching of evolution win seats on state Board of Education; one is Tom Sawyer, recruited by university scientists to challenge Deborah Owens Fink; South Dakota: voters reject broad abortion ban, 56-44 percent; Gov Michael Rounds and Rep Stephanie Herseth win; Wisconsin: Gov Jim Doyle defeats Rep Mark Green and fellow Democrat Sen Herb Kohl defeats Robert Lorge; voters approve ban on same-sex unions and nonbinding proposal for reinstatement of death penalty")('2006110', 'Barry Manilow loses No 1 spot on Billboard charts to Hannah Montana soundtrack; photo (S)')('2006111', 'The rise of rose Champagne.')('2006111', "A two-hour time limit at Gordon Ramsay's restaurant.")('2006111', 'Democratic ground gained on state and local levels has put the party in a good position for 2008.')('2006111', 'Veterans Day deserves more than Election Day rhetoric. Let it rest.')('2006111', 'In Benedict Carey\'s article about the diagnosis of childhood mental illness, he writes, "At a time when increasing numbers of children are being treated for psychiatric problems, naming those problems remains more an art than a science. Doctors often disagree about what is wrong." On Monday, Mr. Carey answered readers\' questions about his article. Due [...]')('2006111', 'Readers respond to Thomas L. Friedman\'s Nov. 10 column, "China: Scapegoat or Sputnik." Darlene Berges, Egg Harbor Township, N.J.: You are right on the money in your understanding of the role of China today. In 1958, I was attending Jersey City State College to become a teacher. My history professor held a PhD from Harvard. [...]')('2006111', 'Will "passerby" videos be admissible in court?')('2006111', 'Paul Krugman responds to readers\' comments on his Nov. 10 column, "The Great Revulsion." Steve Chan, Los Altos Hills, Calif.: I don\'t remember having read such an optimistic column from you for awhile now. I hope you are right, but I am not sure. I basically don\'t trust the voting public - you\'ve got to [...]')('2006111', 'Share your suggestions what to do on the cheap in Istanbul.')('2006111', 'Share your suggestions where to stay in Istanbul.')('2006111', 'For those who haven\'t had enough...[updated] J. Christopher Callaghan\'s parting limerick... Hillary Rodham Clinton is looking forward to the next... six years? Two years? Just "the next." [Capitol Confidential.] John Spencer lost Yonkers. And Nick Spano hasn\'t conceded, but some Republicans have an explanation for his expected loss. [Politics on the Hudson.] "Republicans and the [...]')('2006111', 'Yale student Aleksey Vayner didn\'t snag a Wall Street job with his weight-lifting, karate-chopping video resume that recently made the rounds on the Internet. But thanks to a contest for an upcoming Will Smith movie, someone else might. Sony\'s Columbia Pictures is sponsoring what it calls "the ultimate internship contest," in which applicants create video [...]')('2006111', "It may be a November 11th holiday weekend in a lot of countries, but there is still a lot of racing going on and I'll be watching and posting on a few things. But first, just a quick look back at one or two things that jumped out at me over the last week. There [...]")('2006111', 'It was a passing remark by a voluble congressman from Harlem, but Representative Charles Rangel ended up apologizing to the entire state of Mississippi. (Fred R. Conrad/The New York Times) Mr. Rangel is poised to take over as chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee, which writes tax legislation. Yesterday, he sketched out an [...]')('2006111', 'Following his party\'s "thumping," will President Bush continue dumping administration figures, or will he forge ahead with that legendary absolutism?')('2006111', 'Oh Representative Charles Rangel, must you really pick fights with the entire G.O.P.?')('2006111', 'The two apparently inebriated University of South Carolina frat boys who spewed sexual and racial comments in "Borat" are suing 20th Century Fox and the producers of the film according to Variety. The young men, who are not mentioned by name in the movie (or in the lawsuit, for fear of "further humiliation") claim they [...]')('2006111', 'Down in the comments, Bonica Babe says of Joe Lieberman\'s plan to appear on NBC\'s "Meet the Press" on Sunday morning:: Well, if I could get Meet the Press to ask one question, it would be this: Why is an 18-year incumbent senator who claims the moral high road doing posting a victory website page [...]')('2006111', "We all have regrets. But unlike most of us, Dmitry Shapiro's regrets have 10 digits. Mr. Shapiro is chief executive of Veoh Networks, a video-sharing Web site that launched before the far-better-known YouTube service. It was YouTube, though, that got sold to Google a few weeks ago for $1.65 billion. According to The Deal's VC [...]")('2006111', 'Wall Street is obviously taking seriously the rumors that Comcast might buy Sprint Nextel. On Thursday, Bank of America analyst Douglas Shapiro issued a note saying that such a deal is unlikely, and wouldn\'t be a very good idea in any case. On Friday, Citigroup\'s Jason Bazinet issued his own note saying there\'s a "40 [...]')('2006111', '"Whoa" is right. August J. Pollak* points out this strange coincidence: Ned Lamont\'s vote total, as tabulated by The Associated Press and reported by the nation\'s news organizations, with all precincts reporting: 448,077. (Mike Segar/Reuters) The')('2006111', "It's hard not to pity Deutsche Borse these days. Shortly after a source close to the exchange said it would probably fail in its efforts to win Euronext - largely because it failed to convince Borsa Italiana to join its bid for an all-European exchange– NYSE Group John Thain said he would be open to [...]")('2006111', 'Cate Blanchett listens to her husband, director Andrew Upton at a news conference in Sydney. (Tim Wimborne/Reuters) The tendency among actors who receive early Oscar mentions is to begin leveraging the buzz into something more lucrative right away. In a bit of reverse mobility, Cate Blanchett, whose turn in "Babel" has both Oscar nerds and [...]')('2006111', 'Share your suggestions where to eat cheaply in Istanbul. Back to Article')('2006111', 'Dustin Hoffman popped up yesterday on "The Ellen DeGeneres Show," where he suggested that the host should lobby to give Oscar\'s physique a retrofitting. Mr. Hoffman told Ms. DeGeneres: "I challenge you, because I think it will be a wonderful thing to do that when you host the Oscars just take a look at that [...]')('2006111', "Enron's former chief operating officer of global markets plans to raise up to $250 million in the next six months for his energy hedge fund, Bloomberg News reported citing unnamed sources. Trident Asset Management, founded by Jeff Shankman and Andy Weathers, a former trader at CenterPoint Energy, will start trading this month, said two investors [...]")('2006111', "What's next for the Securities and Exchange Commission, especially as it prepares to operate under a Democratic Congress? According to Chairman Christopher Cox, hedge funds and securities regulators could see significant changes to their operations. Bloomberg News reported that the agency will consider new to further isolate hedge funds from small investors and pension funds, [...]")('2006111', 'Gov. Tom Vilsack of Iowa, fresh off the victories of his Democratic Party on the federal level and of Chet Culver, the Democratic candidate for governor, officially threw in his hat for 2008 on Thursday.')('2006111', "Belgium's Fortis has bought 70 percent of hedge fund manager Cadogan Management to create a business with about $3.7 billion. The new company, still named Cadogan, will combine New York-based Fortis' $2 billion in assets with Fortis Investment Management's $1.7 billion. Terms were not disclosed. Fortis is only the latest traditional financial-services firm to jump [...]")('2006111', "DealBook spent Thursday reporting from Quadrangle Group's FourSquare conference in New York. Below, some photos of the media and technology heavyweights who were there: Tom Rogers of TiVo, left, with Marc Zuckerberg of Facebook. Jerry Seinfeld, left, and Katie Couric, center, with Howard Stringer of Sony. James Wiatt of William Morris, producer Brian Grazer and [...]")('2006111', 'The founding family of Anglo American, the third-largest global mining company, has sold a 1.13 percent stake to China Vision Resources, run by billionaire Larry Yung. A price was not disclosed, but the Financial Times said that at current market prices the stake is worth about $743 million. In a statement, the South Africa-based Oppenheimers [...]')('2006111', 'Judith Warner has written an Op-Ed on the new congress.')('2006111', 'The Rumsfeld-Gates comparisons have begun.')('2006111', 'My family and I booked a flight from Paris to Montreal in September with Zoom Airlines and were delayed eight hours because the captain was ill. Are we not entitled to a full refund under new European Union rules for passenger rights? An agent for Zoom in Paris said that non-European airlines are not bound [...]')('2006111', 'Mark Leibovich hangs with Harry Reid, who will be the new Senate majority leader, and picks up his thoughts on Britney Spears\'s "mojo," his love for his Democratic colleagues, and the Senate\'s future.')('2006111', "Mixed reactions on Iowa's departing governor running for president.")('2006111', 'The confirmation hearings for Robert M. Gates could have echoes of a couple of earlier controversies, from Iran Contra to politicized intelligence.')('2006111', 'President Bush was reportedly preparing to remove Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld by late summer, but decided to put the move off until after the election to avoid the appearance of political opportunism.')('2006111', 'We know that Helen Mirren can do anything, but she does a few things really well: imperiousness, regalness and the steely thousand-yard stare. The Bagger went to a movie last night, not one of those Manhattan screenings, but a regular showing at a movie house in New Jersey. And even though "The Queen" is not [...]')('2006111', 'Wednesday night, the Baguette went to a screening of "Stranger Than Fiction," at the Tribeca Cinema Gallery. The Baguette doesn\'t really "do" plots, but for the sake of sharing, she\'ll just say that Will Ferrell plays Harold Crick, a boring tax auditor, and Emma Thompson is a chain-smoking writer who\'s invented him as a character [...]')('2006111', 'Just because Richard A. Grasso\'s longtime nemesis is moving on doesn\'t mean his troubles have, too. New York\'s attorney general-elect, Andrew M. Cuomo, is reviewing several cases as he readies his docket - and he may favor continuing the battle over Mr. Grasso\'s $187.5 million salary, the New York Post reported. "No one\'s backing down [...]')('2006111', 'Over at Movie City News, David Poland dons scuba gear and dives deep, deep and deeper into the Oscar process in his ""20 Weeks to Oscar" quiz. That boy is going to need a little deprogramming when all of this is over.')('2006111', "British television network ITV and the nation's largest cable operator, NTL Telewest, have entered into merger talks. The news sent ITV's shares sharply higher in London trading. Richard Branson, the largest shareholder of NTL, has expressed support for such a deal, Reuters reported, citing an undisclosd source. ITV previously rejected a bid by Goldman Sachs [...]")('2006111', "Late-night comics don't have Donald Rumsfeld - or Kevin Federline - to kick around anymore; the God gap is dead.")('2006111', "Good morning, folks: So this is my last Buzz for the foreseeable future. Over the last six months I've sought to provide a weekday wake-up call about the elections with news analysis and links, and with key assists from colleagues (Nick, Coop, Danny, Jenny: thank you). As coverage shifts from the politics of campaigns to [...]")('2006111', 'How much money is actually made in the fast-growing realm of hedge funds and private equity is often just an informed estimate. No longer. Late Wednesday, the Fortress Investment Group filed to sell $750 million worth of shares to the public, valuing the company at $7.5 billion. While the filing does not disclose individual compensation, [...]')('2006111', 'A few days after British regulators expressed concern that a default of a major private-equity-backed company was "inevitable," David Bonderman, the founder of giant private equity firm Texas Pacific Group, has mounted a spirited defense of the industry. "A deal could go wrong, but it is not inevitable," he told The Financial Times in an [...]')('2006111', 'It appears,Google agrees with industry speculation that it will face more lawsuits once its acquisition of YouTube is complete. CNN Money said that the Internet giant said in its quarterly report: "Our planned acquisition of YouTube may also subject us to additional copyright claims upon the closing of the transaction." Since Google agreed to buy [...]')('2006111', 'With the end of the year drawing nigh, Finance Asia wonders who will come out on top in the ECM league tables for Asia (excluding Japan) this year. Goldman Sachs has been at the top of the chart with UBS just behind. Now, however, Finance Asia says that UBS is closing in on Goldman and [...]')('2006111', 'The illegal stock-tipping convictions against former investment banker Andrew Rankin have been thrown out by an Ontario Superior Court Justice and sent to a lower court for a new trial, The Globe and Mail said. Mr. Rankin was found guilty in July, 2005, on 10 counts of tipping Daniel Duic about pending corporate deals involving [...]')('2006111', "Both Visa International and MasterCard International have been named in a suit by New Zealand's antitrust regulator over alleged price fixing. The Commerce Commission contends that Visa and MasterCard fixed prices on interchange fees with banks and finance companies. Both companies will contest the claims. The two companies are already embroiled in similar lawsuits in [...]")('2006111', "Ritchie Capital Management said Thursday that it would close its energy trading funds and shift its attention to longer-term, private-equity type investments. The $2.8 billion hedge fund firm's energy trading hedge funds suffered big losses in the natural gas market in summer 2005, though not to the same extent as fallen rival Amaranth Advisors'. The [...]")('2006111', "With Kohlberg Kravis Roberts' recent $33 billion leveraged buyout of hospital company HCA, it set a record which even outdid its infamous 1988 purchase of RJR Nabisco. BusinessWeek says that deal is not an anomaly: 2006 has broken the record set in 2000 for private equity fundraising, with buyout firms attracting $177.89 billion this year. [...]")('2006111', 'Following a spate of investments in the wireless sector in recent months, including more than $1 billion invested in Clearwire, an $8 million round in Sotto Wireless and $20 million in financing at Mixxer and others, Seattle companies wireless startups are still on the march. Both Seattle-based Pelago and Ontela have raised multi-million dollar rounds [...]')('2006111', "Minneapolis-based Capella Education has raised $80 million in a public offering. The online educator operates Capella University and had initially announced its I.P.O. plans in April 2005. Capella University was one of the first online universities and offers doctoral, master's and bachelor's degrees in a variety of disciplines. Go to Article from The Minneapolis-St. Paul [...]")('2006111', 'OneBeacon Insurance Group raised $600 million in the richest initial public offering of the week after pricing 24 million shares at $25 a share Meanwhile, Canadian Solar raised $115 million. The return of the Democrats could indeed help the solar industry but the trend towards energy independence should also spur growth regardless of politics says [...]')('2006111', 'Germany is expected today to start rolling out a plan to sell shares in Deutsche Bahn, the state-owned railroad system. This would be the last privatization of a major state monopoly in the country. The plan would see Deutsche Bahn sell up to 49 percent of its shares to the public starting in 2009 while [...]')('2006111', 'KPS Special Situations Funds will sell Wire Rope of America to Fox Paine after having purchased it out of bankruptcy in 2003. KPS managed an overhaul of Wire Rope via job cuts, plant closings, restructuring and cuts in operating costs. The Wire Rope deal marks a second profitable turnaround this week for KPS, which is [...]')('2006111', 'Although Scottish reinsurer Scottish Re posted a quarterly loss, it has said it will go ahead with a planned sale of all or part of the company in the coming weeks. A net loss of $30.5 million was down to one-off expenses and an "unusually high tax expense for the quarter" for the latest quarter, [...]')('2006111', "Defense contractor Northrop Grumman has lifted its earnings outlook following a move to purchase high-tech defense manufacturer Essex. The revision calls for earnings for 2006 of $4.40 to $4.45 a share, up from its prior projection of $4.20 to $4.25 a share. The Essex deal is valued at $580 million and would help expand Northrop's [...]")('2006111', 'In an effort to expand its manufacturing capabilities in the United States, Nissan Motor is looking into plants and assets unloaded by U.S. automakers. Daniel Gaudette, senior vice president of North American manufacturing and supply chain management at Nissan told Reuters, "Everything depends on what\'s available, when it\'s available and then what our needs are. [...]')('2006111', 'David Bergstein is said to be interested in making another Canadian acquisition. The U.S.-based film financier recently bought independent Canadian film distributor ThinkFilm and now could be eyeing Motion Picture Distribution, The Globe and Mail said. Mr. Bergstein is moving to acquire assets for Capco Group, a film conglomerate he is working to build with [...]')('2006111', "The buyout firms acquiring Capio, Apax Partners Worldwide and Nordic Capital Fund IV, are readying a sale of the Swedish health-care provider's British division, Bloomberg News reported. The divestment may be spurred by antitrust regulations in Britain. The Capio acquisition is a $2.33 billion deal and is part of a growing spate of deals for [...]")('2006111', 'The world\'s leading gold producer, Barrick Gold, has shifted gears in its attempt to take over mining company NovaGold Resources. Barrick said it will drop a requirement in its previous offer that mandated at least 50.1 percent of NovaGold shares be tendered to its "best and final" offer of $16 a share. But the company [...]')('2006111', 'After reports Thursday said that Michigan Rep. John Dingell had called for a delay in the approval of the proposed $80 billion deal between AT&T and BellSouth, the congressman has backtracked. Mr. Dingell, a Democrat who is in line to become chairman of the House Judiciary Committee, said he did not mean to suggest the [...]')('2006111', 'Tanox, the Houston based company best known for its breakthrough asthma drug, has said it has agreed to be acquired by Genentech for $919 million. With the deal, San Francisco-based Genentech will grab a larger stake of the hot-selling drug Xolair; other drugs under development at Tanox include an HIV drug that has been tipped [...]')('2006111', "The private equity arm of Henderson Group has increased its offer for John Laing, a British developer of schools, hospitals and roads, to 1 billion pounds ($1.91 billion), trumping a previous bid by Allianz. At 405 pence per share, Henderson's offer is 20 pence higher than that of Allianz, Europe's leading insurer. An acquisition of [...]")('2006111', 'Some European private equity fund managers and banks are wondering whether Kohlberg Kravis Roberts has ruined the investor party for private equity, The New York Times reports. When Kohlberg Kravis raised $5 billion by listing an affiliate on the Euronext exchange in May, it was more than three times what Kohlberg Kravis expected. This led [...]')('2006111', 'It has drawn plenty of criticism in the business world, but MarketWatch reports that the Sarbanes-Oxley Act is also creating opportunity in the venture-investment arena. The 2002 law imposes stronger capital requirements on public companies, thus making it necessary for private companies wanting to go public to extend their pre-I.P.O. periods in order to strengthen [...]')('2006111', "Bids for the United States' largest radio company, Clear Channel Communications, are due in the next few days, according to Reuters, although the exact deadline in the Goldman Sachs-led sale process was unclear. The market valuation of the company stands at more than $17 billion and at least two private equity consortiums have expressed interest. [...]")('2006111', "Terry Semel of Yahoo, Barry Diller of IAC/InterActiveCorp and Shari Redstone of National Amusements were just some of the heavy hitters from the media and technology industries who turned up this week for Quadrangle Group's FourSquare conference in New York. They mingled with investment bankers and as well as a few celebrities, including Jerry Seinfeld [...]")('2006111', "In this lesson, students learn how theatrical elements can transcend the language of a play. They then collaborate in groups to stage frozen tableaux based on lines from Shakespeare's works.")('2006111', 'Should Rutgers, an undefeated Big East team, get an opportunity to play for a national championship in a B.C.S. bowl game? Related Article')('2006111', "Reps Nancy Pelosi, Democratic leader who is soon to become first female speaker of House, and Steny H Hoyer, Democratic whip, go to White House to meet with Pres Bush and have lunch; Bush declares that 'all three of us recognize that when you win, you have a responsibility to do the best you can for the country'; as Bush grapples with loss of his Republican majority in Congress, how far will he go to reinvent himself, and who--or what philosophies--is he willing to jettison along the way; photo of Pelosi, Bush and Vice Pres Dick Cheney (M)")('2006111', 'Major League Baseball teams who have placed bids on Japanese pitcher Daisuke Matsuzaka await news from his team Seibu Lions; photo (M)')('2006111', 'New Jersey Nets player Vince Carter will play in game against Miami Heat despite strained muscle (S)')('2006111', 'Photo of cow entanged in fence on farm in Tillamook, Ore, in aftermath of storms and flooding')('2006111', 'Ed Bradley, correspondent on 60 Minutes and one of first black journalists prominently featured on network television, dies at age of 65; his most recent segment on 60 Minutes was on Oct 29; his reporting over four decades on CBS News and then 60 Minutes ranged from Vietnam War and Cambodian refugee crisis to sexual abuse scandal in Catholic Church and Columbine High School shooting; he joined 60 Minutes in 1981; his career recalled; photos (M)')('2006111', 'Benjamin Genocchio reviews International Art Fair 1900 to Contemporary at Seventh Regiment Armory; photo (M)')('2006111', 'Correction: Nov 9 article on conflict in Sri Lanka gave incorrect spelling for surname of spokeswoman for international monitors')('2006111', 'Scott Nichol letter, responding to Nov 8 Thomas L Friedman Op-Ed column, hopes new Congressional leadership can help change course of Iraq war')('2006111', 'ABC wins ratings for Wednesday night with series Dancing With the Stars; photo (S)')('2006111', 'Jeffrey Grossman letter corrects grammatical error in November 3 article on love of languages')('2006111', 'Democrats gain control of Senate, and majority in both houses of Congress for first time since 1994, after Republican incumbent Sen George Allen of Virginia concedes to his Democratic challenger Jim Webb; Democrats now have 51-to-49 advantage in Senate, including two independents who align themselves with Democrats; Pres Bush has lunch with Rep Nancy Pelosi, who will become first woman to serve as speaker of House; Sen Harry Reid, who will become new majority leader, will join him for breakfast at White House on Nov 10; Senate Democrats celebrate their triumph at rally on Capitol Hill; Bush, who has practiced muscular brand of partisan combat in past six years, adopts more conciliatory tone after he and Vice Pres Cheney meet with Pelosi and Democratic House whip, Steny Hoyer; Republican recrimination over election wipeout continues, with conservatives criticizing Bush for dumping Defense Sec Donald Rumsfeld day after election and not before, when it might have won some independent votes; Ken Mehlman says he is stepping down as chairman of Republican National Committee; photos; charts (M)')('2006111', 'Jeffrey Kastner reviews paintings by Lisa Yuskavage at David Zwirner Gallery (M)')('2006111', 'Neil Genzlinger reviews film Shottas, directed by Cess Silvera; Ky-Mani Marley and Spragga Benz star (M)')('2006111', 'Andrea K Scott reviews drawings by Arshile Gorky at CDS Gallery (M)')('2006111', "Democrats, when they take control of Senate in January, will immediately assume far more power to influence Pres Bush's agenda, particularly his choice of executive and judicial nominations that must pass through chamber; Democrats, by virtue of their de facto 51-to-49 majority, willl now control committees and floor schedule--factor that Bush will have to weigh in his selection of high-level candidates; Sen Richard Durbin of Illinois, second-in-command and member of Judiciary Committee, says 'it means send us more moderate people'; Republicans acknowledge that shift will be significant factor in high-profile nominations; but they also sahy that Senate tradition of respecting rights of minority give them same opportunities to influence agenda that Democrats used during their years out of power; list of Senate committees, current Republican chairmen, and incoming Democratic chairmen; photos (L)")('2006111', "Roberta Smith reviews etchings by Jennifer Bornstein at Gavin Brown's Enterprise gallery (M)")('2006111', "Carlos Diaz receives help from Children's Aid Society, benefit agency of New York Times Neediest Cases Fund; photo (M)")('2006111', 'Correction of Nov 8 article on accounts on blogs of voting machine malfunctions regarding name of one political blog mentioned')('2006111', 'Kevin Spacey, Kathleen Turner and Bill Irwin are nominated in London for Evening Standard Theater Awards; best actor nominees are Spacey, Irwin, Michael Sheen and Rufus Sewell; photo (S)')('2006111', 'Holland Cotter reviews drawings by Marisa Merz at Gladstone Gallery (M)')('2006111', 'Mexico City legislature, after intense debate and strong opposition from Roman Catholic Church, votes to give legal status to civil unions between homosexuals; bill extends benefits available to married heterosexual couples to gay partnerships (S)')('2006111', 'Jeannette Catsoulis reviews film Linda Linda Linda, directed by Nobuhiro Yamashita and starring Donna Bae; photo (M)')('2006111', "Public Theater will present first week's worth of plays written by Suzan-Lori Parks as part of her 365 Days/365 Plays project, which is to have plays performed all around country; New York portion is directed by Michael Greif; Parks comments on process of writing plays and about number of opening night performances she will have to attend; schedule of plays in New York; photo (M)")('2006111', "Elliot G Sander is considered by many to be New York Gov-elect Eliot Spitzer's choice as new chairman of Metropolitan Transportation Authority; current chairman Peter S Kalikow would have to step down, though he has not expressed wish to do so; governor does not have authority to remove members of authority board (M)")('2006111', 'Laura Kern reviews film What Is It?, directed by Crispin Hellion Glover (M)')('2006111', 'Correction of article and chart in special Nov 5 Education Life section; 0.6 percent of students in class of 2006 got perfect score on esssay')('2006111', 'Photo of Norway spruce in Ridgefield, Conn, to be installed as 2006 Rockefeller Center Christmas tree')('2006111', 'Overall number of American deals with two or more offers has dropped sharply this year; graph of merger activity (M)')('2006111', "Ten letters comment on resignation of Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld; Bruce Barnbaum (Nov 9 article) calls resignation major victory for Democrats; Hendrik E Sadi says election results prove votes count and should be encouraging to fledgling democracies; Hayden Kantor wishes Pres Bush would be as candid about disaster in Iraq as he is about taking responsibility for Republican defeat; Beth Martin wonders why Rumsfeld resigned after election, as his presence contributed to Republican defeat; Donna J Anton, whose son is serving in Iraq, rejoices at departure of Rumsfeld but is angry over political posturing of Pres Bush and his advisers; Bill Mares says Rumsfeld legacy will last for decades; David von Schlichten calls for Democrats to refrain from gloating in response to Rumsfeld resignation and says country should come together; Michele Yulo holds Rumsfeld's resignation should not end debate over Iraq war; Jonathan Carey, prompted by Nov 9 editorial, says Democrats should remember that they were elected because of disgust with Republicans' absolute power, and should focus on reforming Congress; Michael Wendle, replying to Nov 9 letter, calls upon Democrats to govern responsibly and not succumb to desire for revenge; drawing")('2006111', 'World Briefing: Israeli Supreme Court rules that Sawsan Salameh, Palestinian doctoral student at Hebrew University of Jerusalem, may remain in Israel for six months despite blanket ban on all other Palestinian students seeking to study in Israeli universities; photo (S)')('2006111', 'Holland Cotter reviews paintings by Stanley Whitney at Esso gallery (M)')('2006111', "Editors' Note on Nov 7 article describing Microsoft Corp decision to offer movies and television shows for downloading through its Xbox Live online service; article should not have sought opinion of Rob Enderle, since he does consulting work for several other Microsoft product groups")('2006111', 'Ken Mehlman, chairman of Republican National Committee, says that he will not seek to retain post when his term expires in January, and would return to job in private sector; associates of Mehlman said in July that he would not seek second term as chairman regardless of outcome of midterm elections; photo (M)')('2006111', 'Jeannette Catsoulis reviews film Color of the Cross, written and directed by and starring Jean-Claude LaMarre; photo (M)')('2006111', 'New York City Mayor Michael R Bloomberg breaks ground for YMCA center as part of development of 308-acre urban renewal area in Rockaways (S)')('2006111', 'Manohla Dargis reviews film The Cave of the Yellow Dog, directed by Byambasuren Davaa; Nansalmaa Batchuluun stars; photo (M)')('2006111', 'Interview with John and Sherry Crimmins, who comment on their condominium, under construction, with views of Atlantic and Intracoastal Waterway in Palm Coast, Fla; photos and brief descriptions of other waterfront condos for sale around country (M)')('2006111', 'Man in the News profile of Harry Mason Reid, who will become Senate majority leader; he is from Nevada, elected to Congress in 1982 and to Senate in 1986; he is 66 years old; photo (M)')('2006111', 'Correction of Nov 9 article on resignation of Defense Sec Donald H Rumsfeld; he never served in cabinet of first Pres Bush')('2006111', 'Brian Glaister letter, prompted by Nov 7 article, scolds developers for lack of planning, leading to unbridled growth in West')('2006111', "Excerpts from Frank Bruni and Julia Moskin reviews of restaurants Picholine on Upper West Side, Boqueria in Chelsea, The Morgan Dining Room at Morgan Library & Museum and Harry's Steak and Cafe in Lower Manhattan; photo (M)")('2006111', "New York Yankees' 1996 team discusses memorable season; photos (M)")('2006111', "Letter from New York City Health Comr Thomas R Frieden offers details on how city will handle transgendered people's birth certificates; says city will not allow people to define their own sex (Nov 7 article)")('2006111', 'France announces successful test launch of long-range M51 missile, which is designed to carry six thermonuclear warheads (S)')('2006111', "French Defense Min Michele Alliot-Marie says squadron of Israeli F-15's menaced French peacekeepers in southern Lebanon and that French troops came within seconds of firing antiaircraft missile in response; Israel says flyovers are to monitor compliance with cease-fire (S)")('2006111', "Two letters comment on Nov 9 article about Palestinians killed in Gaza; Mohamed Khodr says only American leadership can end Israel's occupation of Palestinian territory; Dan Fendel calls Gazan anger hypocritical, citing Palestinians celebrating every Israel death")('2006111', 'Correction: Nov 9 article on new Democratic members of Congress misidentified town where one new member is mayor')('2006111', 'Commish has returned. Thank you for sharing your vacation stories. They made me feel less foolish for sitting in a car in a parking lot with a borrowed laptop, stealing Wifi from the adjacent building in the wooded hills of central Missouri, just to see if I got the player off waivers I wanted (I [...]')('2006111', "A day after the practice sessions were stopped at the A1 Grand Prix in Beijing because the hairpin was too tight to negotiate, the official qualifying session was cancelled to provide time to fix a problem with manhole covers. The grid was set through results of an earlier practice session. The Netherlands' A1 GP team [...]")('2006111', "Ovitz added to reporter's civil suit.")('2006111', 'Jack Palance, a city slicker who came to attention in "Shane," dies at age of 87')('2006111', "When I first began to cover the genocide in Darfur, Chad was a stable country that seemed as if it would finally prosper with new-found oil and stability. Going into Darfur was dangerous then, but Chad's roads were safe by day, and even at night I never felt at great risk. And when refugees from [...]")('2006111', "Who's on the Sunday news shows the week after the election.")('2006111', "(A weekly look at favorable matchups) Rookie Revelation The Saints appear to have found Joe Horn's heir apparent in the seventh-round draft pick MARQUES COLSTON, who has found his groove since the team's bye week, with 286 yards and 3 touchdowns in two games. The Steelers have been strong in defending the pass this season [...]")('2006111', "We're back in Chad reporting on the spread of the genocide in Darfur. In advance of my column for Sunday, there's a new video from the hospital at Goz Beida, Chad. It's the story of Abdullah Idris, a 27-year-old father of two, who was attacked by men in Sudanese military uniforms while he was farming [...]")('2006111', 'Tally with brief report about Iowa in State by State election roundup on Nov 9 erroneously showed identical vote count for both candidates in Second Congressional District; Rep Jim Leach received 101,386 votes; his Democratic opponent, Dave Loebsack, received 107,097 votes')('2006111', 'Correction on Nov 10 article about annual report from UN Development Program; title of report is Beyond Scarcity: Power, Poverty and the Global Water Crisis')('2006111', 'Anita Busch, journalist who received anonymous threat in 2002 that caused investigation leading to arrest of celebrity detective Anthony Pellicano on wiretapping charges, files motion in Los Angeles Superior Court adding former talent agent Michael Ovitz as defendant in her pending civil lawsuit against Pellicano and others; photo (S)')('2006111', "Pentagon officials say that senior military leaders have begun broad review of strategy in Iraq and other crisis areas in Bush administration's campaign against terrorism; says Gen Peter Pace, chairman of Joint Chiefs of Staff, has assembled team of some of military's brightest officers and told them to take fresh look at Iraq and Afghanistan, among other flashpoints (M)")('2006111', 'Unknown gunmen in Colombo, Sri Lanka, shoot and kill Nadarajah Raviraj, member of Parliament from Tamil National Alliance (S)')('2006111', "Photo of Miami Heat's win against New Jersey Nets")('2006111', 'Alisa Theveny letter criticizes mothers who drink cocktails while caring for their children')('2006111', 'Melanie Allen letter holds that as American living in Sweden, she has been surprised at enlightened and pro-woman social policies that promote families, well-being of children and gender equality')('2006111', 'Five people are killed and at least 25 wounded when grenade is hurled at crowd going to mosque in Indian-administered Kashmir (S)')('2006111', 'Phillip Alder bridge column on Jonathan Cansino, bridge great who has died at age 67; diagrams (M)')('2006111', 'Photo shows houseboat on Kashmir lake')('2006111', 'Nov 9 article about success of book The Audacity of Hope by Sen Barack Obama erroneously included 60 Minutes among TV programs on which he has garnered publicity for book')('2006111', 'Nov 7 article about brain images of people speaking in tongues misstated origins of practice in America; it is thought to have begun in Pentecostal churches established in early 1900s')('2006111', 'Photo of aftermath of car crash in New York City that injured three pedestrians')('2006111', "Five letters comment on David Brooks's Nov 9 Op-Ed column about Democrats' victory in midterm elections; Scott Nova says problem with Brooks's analysis is that same socially conservative Democratic candidates whose victories he celebrates offered unabashedly progressive economic message; Anna Perez, who was Barbara Bush's press secretary from 1989 to 1993, says it appears that moderates have finally been motivated and altered political landscape bodes well for Republicans and Democrats alike; Martin B Freedland says there is great opportunity to heal wounds of divisiveness and to produce legislation that would benefit country; Paul Helmke says Brooks, by using labels like 'pro-gun Democrats,' falls back into one of good-bad traps of political discourse he criticizes; drawing; Misty Haskett hails Democrats' victory")('2006111', 'Two college students featured in film Borat: Cultural Learnings of America for Make Benefit Glorious Nation of Kazakhstan file lawsuit seeking injunction to stop studio from displaying their likenesses, along with unspecified monetary damages; students, who make racist and misogynistic comments to character of Borat, claim they were given alcohol by film crew before taping and were told they were to be in documentary that would only be shown outside United States; photo (S)')('2006111', 'Correction on Nov 10 picture caption with art review about Velazquez, at National Gallery in London')('2006111', "Most spectacular defeat in midterm elections was that of Sen George Allen of Virginia, who won prize for most breathtaking downfall, not only losing his Senate seat to help hand power of entire body to Democrats, but also tarnishing once-golden reputation in under three months; less obvious but no less real was damage to Allen's campaign manager, Dick Wadhams, strategist once celebrated as next Karl Rove; chief Democratic winners were Sen Charles E Schumer and Rep Rahm Emanuel, top engineers of Democratic takeover of Congress; photo (M)")('2006111', 'Nov 9 chart about political party control in federal and state government misstated number of states where Republicans control both chambers of legislature and number of states where neither party controls both chambers; Republicans control both chambers in 15 states; neither party controls both chambers in 10 states')('2006111', 'Italian expert in Etruscan archaeology Gilda Bartoloni testifies at trial of former Getty curator Marion True and American dealer Robert Hecht that artifacts found during 1995 raid on Swiss warehouse had probably been unearthed in chamber tombs in Italy (S)')('2006111', 'Nov 9 article misstated political affiliation of Adnan al-Dulaimi; he is leader of group called People of Iraq and also of Iraqi Consensus Front')('2006111', "Nov 3 article about disputed actuarial methods used by New York State Comptroller Alan G Hevesi in making disclosures about state's pension funds referred incorrectly to investment he made in company whose chief executive contributed to his re-election campaign; same error appeared in Nov 2 article")('2006111', 'Sen John McCain is about to form exploratory committee for possible presidential campaign; photo (M)')('2006111', 'Martti Ahtisaari, former Finnish president who leads international talks on future of Kosovo, says he will hold back his recommendations until after parliamentary elections in Serbia (S)')('2006111', 'Thomas Crowley letter holds that people who oppose capital punishment should also oppose abortion')('2006111', 'Gambian refugee Bakary Darboe finds employment with help of Catholic Charities, beneficiary agency of New York Times Neediest Cases Fund; photo (M)')('2006111', 'Correction on Nov 8 article about election results in Ohio; Gov Bob Taft was prevented from seeking re-election because of term limits')('2006111', 'Seibu Lions have not yet told Major League Baseball which bid they will accept for Japanese pitcher Daisuke Matsuzaka (M)')('2006111', 'Mitchell Zimmerman letter notes that poll by Program on International Policy Attitudes at University of Maryland conducted in Sept revealed that 71 percent of Iraqis want US soldiers out within year or less')('2006111', 'CBS wins ratings for Thursday night but ABC wins in category of viewers age 18 to 49 (S)')('2006111', 'Letters from Andrew Derrow, Dennis Gronim and Henry Avelino respond to Nov 10 article about Democrats taking control of Senate; Derrow urges Democrats to do something meaningful with their power; Gronim holds that before election, Republicans were accusing Democrats of being morally deficient supporters of terrorists, but now they want to find common ground; Avelino expects Democrats to exercise one thing that Republican Congress failed to do: oversight')('2006111', 'Week of college football games discussed; photo (S)')('2006111', 'Nov 9 article about election turnout by religious voters misstated number of states where constitutional amendments defining marriage as union between man and woman were approved; it is seven, not eight')('2006111', 'Correction on Nov 6 music review about Decemberists, regarding song they performed at Hammerstein Ballroom')('2006111', 'The conversation about what teachers should and should not be doing in a college classroom could go on forever, and I may return to it in a future post, but for now I want to take one more stab at clarifying my position. Many of those who, in their comments on my last column, find [...]')('2006111', 'In the end, China can celebrate the first street race in Beijing, as the A1 Grand Prix actually managed to take place despite all of the problems. It was a bit frightening to watch, though, with the narrow track and those concret walls so close it looked like the track had been created as a [...]')('2006111', "A painful loss for the Giants, in more ways than one. It is easy to criticize Tom Coughlin for choosing to go for the field goal that was returned for the touchdown. But credit Hester with a smart play, faking out most of the Giants' special teams unit. But giving up 38 points to the [...]")('2006111', 'Democrats and Republicans assess the impact of the 2006 midterm elections, and how Democrats will assume leadership with an incoming class of freshmen who do not represent the liberal wing of the party.')('2006111', 'The cost of ill-conceived anti-terrorism rules is high.')('2006111', 'Click "Read more" to review the play-by-play and commentary for the Jets\' upset victory at New England, as it was typed in live. Thanks to George for blogging the first half. Stay tuned for game-tracking of the Bears-Giants NFC showdown later tonight, with Ray Krueger doing the honors. - Toni Monkovic. Postgame show A stunning [...]')('2006111', 'Lieberman on Meet the Press.')('2006111', 'Comment Zone')('2006111', "Please join us later today (in the entries above) as we continue our live game-tracking experiment. We'll blog the Jets-Patriots game at 1 p.m. Eastern, then the Giants-Bears game at 8 p.m. Eastern. You're our demographic if: 1) You're stuck without a way to watch on television. 2) You're watching with a laptop handy and [...]")('2006111', 'Bruce Lambert On Politics column on election results across Long Island; voting patterns show continued shift to Democrats in once fabled Republican stronghold; photo (M)')('2006111', 'Recent developments in NBA discussed; photos (S)')('2006111', 'New York State, Suffolk County and Brookhaven reach agreement to buy and preserve 400-acre parcel of land in Ridge in Long Island Pine Barrens; photo (S)')('2006111', "Ian Thomson and Cory Franklin letters on Christopher Caldwell's Oct 29 article on baby boombers on motorcycles")('2006111', 'Article on some of dozens of veteran antiques dealers who live vagabond life traveling around country every weekend from September to April on antiques-show circuit; scene at 15th annual Caramoor Fall Art and Antiques Show in Katonah, NY, described; list; photos (L)')('2006111', "Owner-operators who are members of Atlantic City Jitney Assn express dismay at free shuttle service instituted by Harrah's Entertainment; association runs 13-passenger buses that charge passengers $2 each while Harrah's uses 30-passenger buses between four casinos it owns along Pacific avenue; photo (M)")('2006111', "Richard Haas's mural, Windows to the Past, is unveiled on exterior wall of Westchester Arts Council's sculpture court in downtown White Plains, NY; photo (S)")('2006111', 'Correction of name misspelled in Oct 22 article on fragrances associated with celebrities')('2006111', 'Production of Sugar Cane jeans, which appeared in November 5 Pulse column, was incorrectly described')('2006111', 'Renewable Energy Long Island executive director Gordian Raacke, retired nuclear engineer Robert W Kupp and William C Ragals Jr letters on November 5 article about use of wind turbines')('2006111', 'Former Delta Air Lines chief marketing officer Paul Matsen is hired by Cleveland Clinic to help expand its services and brand name abroad; photo (S)')('2006111', 'Four letters comment on Byron Calame Nov 5 Public Editor column on New York Times fairness and Connecticut Senate race dispute about Iraq war policy of candidates; Mark Lewis and David Gitlin disagree with idea that there are only two sides, pro and con, to any story; Joseph Lerner says Times news quality suffers as paper becomes more interested in profits and cost cutting; Richard E Nusbaum says Calame does not explain how fourth search turned up information previous three searches did not')('2006111', 'Article on new efforts by Connecticut, New York and New Jersey to apply for grants under federal Money Follows the Person program that would move number of nursing home residents who receive Medicaid to home care, which is often less expensive; photos (M)')('2006111', 'Ann Kirschner Generations essay on arguments between her and her children over archive of letters and photographs mailed to her mother, Sala Kirschner, during her five years in Nazi slave labor camps; notes she decided to donate most to New York Public Library and distribute rest to family members; photos (M)')('2006111', 'Kevin Coyne Jersey column on hiking trip by Bergen County Audubon Society education chairman Don Torino and Meadowlands Environment Center educator Kirk Weber in search of birds migrating through marshes surrounding New Jersey Meadowlands sports complex; photo (M)')('2006111', 'Week of NFL matchups discussed; photos (M)')('2006111', "Norman Wolfson letter on Thomas Lynch's November 5 Op-Ed article on meaning of death to those left behind")('2006111', "Maureen Gibbon's Oct 29 article on being raped at 16 and how it altered her life elicits letters from Martha Krisel, Michelle Ewing and Jill Siegel")('2006111', "The Week column; public school officials in Stamford, Conn, decide not to participate in state's new Healthy Food Certification Statement program; University of Connecticut, short on space for basketball championship banners at arena in Storrs, will replace them with wall displays; photo (M)")('2006111', 'Harris Kornstein letter on November 5 editorial about third-party endorsements in New York')('2006111', "Illustrations from Book Review's picks for 10 best illustrated children's books of 2006")('2006111', 'Dog owners are upset over proposal for $1.5 million renovation of Ward Acres Park in New Rochelle, NY, that would limit times dogs are allowed off leash and keep them in fenced-in area except during designated periods (S)')('2006111', 'Correction of October 29 review of Jean-Paul Sartre play No Exit at Hartford Stage (S)')('2006111', 'Pulse column describes new jumpers for winter season; photos (M)')('2006111', 'Article on some of dozens of veteran antiques dealers who live vagabond life traveling around country every weekend from September to April on antiques-show circuit; scene at 15th annual Caramoor Fall Art and Antiques Show in Katonah, NY, described; list; photos (L)')('2006111', "Westchester County Executive Andrew Spano introduces legislation that would require county officials and home improvement contractors operating in county to replace old leaf blowers with newer, cleaner models by January 1, 2009; bill is latest effort in series of initiatives aimed at improving county's environmental record; photo (M)")('2006111', 'Article on invasion of Asian shore crabs whose epicenter is Long Island Sound and New Jersey shoreline; scientists, who believe crabs first arrived in 1988 in Cape May, NJ, from Western Pacific in ballast of cargo ship, say aggressive crab has spread from Maine to North Carolina and has virtually eliminated other species of crab; photo (M)')('2006111', 'Correction of October 22 travel article about restaurants worth boarding plane to visit (S)')('2006111', 'Article on new efforts by Connecticut, New York and New Jersey to apply for grants under federal Money Follows the Person program that would move number of nursing home residents who receive Medicaid to home care, which is often less expensive; photos (M)')('2006111', "Correction of October 22 article about some churces' use of secular marketing techniques (S)")('2006111', "Gerri Hirshey column on Fairfield University's decision to go off electric grid and build its own $9.5 million combined heat and electric plant powered by natural gas turbine; move has support of United Illuminating, whose gain in reducing congestion charges will be greater than its revenue loss; photo (M)")('2006111', "Correction; Nov 5 Living In article on Lawrence, NY, misspelled name of village's mayor")('2006111', "Eugene Schiff letter on Seth Kugel's October 29 travel article on Dominican Republic")('2006111', 'Article on invasion of Asian shore crabs whose epicenter is Long Island Sound and New Jersey shoreline; scientists, who believe crabs first arrived in 1988 in Cape May, NJ, from Western Pacific in ballast of cargo ship, say aggressive crab has spread from Maine to North Carolina and has virtually eliminated other species of crab; photo (M)')('2006111', 'Ann Kirschner Generations essay on arguments between her and her children over archive of letters and photographs mailed to her mother, Sala Kirschner, during her five years in Nazi slave labor camps; notes she decided to donate most to New York Public Library and distribute rest to family members; photos (M)')('2006111', 'New Jersey voters approve three ballot questions that dedicate millions of dollars toward property tax relief, state parks system and transportation; 12 incumbents are re-elected to US House and Democrat Albio Sires wins seat vacated by Sen Robert Menendez (S)')('2006111', 'Parties and galas held around New York City this week and attendees described; photos (M)')('2006111', "Norman Wolfson letter on Thomas Lynch's November 5 Op-Ed article on meaning of death to those left behind")('2006111', 'Securities and Exchange Commission settles lawsuit against five executives of NextCard, failed online credit card bank; five agree to pay total of $1.4 million in restitution to investors (S)')('2006111', 'Bradley Evans letter on October 29 Practical Traveler column on gay cruises describes bad experience aboard Royal Caribbean ship; Royal Caribbean corporate communications vice president Lynn Martenstein responds')('2006111', 'Article on search by Jeremy Feinberg, doctoral student in ecology and evolution at Rutgers University, for southern leopard frogs, which, once common, have not been sighted on Long Island in decade; Feinberg hopes to find native population, breed, transplant and analyze how well they survive in hope of restoring them to area; photos (M)')('2006111', 'Photo of volunteers organized by Veterans for Peace erecting markers at Arlington West Memorial in Santa Monica, Calif, to honor service members killed in Iraq')('2006111', 'Garrett Eisler letter on Nov 5 article about producer Cameron Mackintosh')('2006111', 'Anita Gates reviews Long Wharf Theater production of Clifford Odets play Rocket to the Moon, directed by Daniel Fish and starring Louisa Kraus; also reviews Yale Repertory Theater production of Elizabeth Meriwether play The Mistakes Madeline Made, directed by Mark Rucker and starring Aubrey Dollar; photos (M)')('2006111', "Owner-operators who are members of Atlantic City Jitney Assn express dismay at free shuttle service instituted by Harrah's Entertainment; association runs 13-passenger buses that charge passengers $2 each while Harrah's uses 30-passenger buses between four casinos it owns along Pacific avenue; photo (M)")('2006111', 'Renewable Energy Long Island executive director Gordian Raacke and retired nuclear engineer Robert W Kupp letters on November 5 article about use of wind turbines in New York metropolitan area')('2006111', 'Houston Rockets coach Jeff Van Gundy discusses media spotlight he was under while coaching New York Knicks; photo (M)')('2006111', 'Correction of misstated Web address for recipe in Nov 5 T: Living magazine article about restaurants opening this fall in West Village in Manhattan')('2006111', "Norman Wolfson letter on Thomas Lynch's November 5 Op-Ed article on meaning of death to those left behind")('2006111', 'Article on search by Jeremy Feinberg, doctoral student in ecology and evolution at Rutgers University, for southern leopard frogs, which, once common, have not been sighted on Long Island in decade; Feinberg hopes to find native population, breed, transplant and analyze how well they survive in hope of restoring them to area; photos (M)')('2006111', "Sec of State Condoleeza Rice and national security adviser Stephen J Hadley quietly steered Pres Bush toward replacing Defense Sec Donald H Rumsfeld with Robert M Gates, who had worked closely with Rice under first Pres Bush; Rice and Hadley hope Gates will be able to close long-running rift between State and Defense Departments that has hobbled progress on Iraq; Gates is considered less combative and contrarian than Rumsfeld, but has clashed with State Dept in past and it is unclear how he will deal with Vice Pres Cheney; some analysts wonder if it is too late for Gates to achieve Bush's goal of stable and democratic Iraq; photo (M)")('2006111', "Owner-operators who are members of Atlantic City Jitney Assn express dismay at free shuttle service instituted by Harrah's Entertainment; association runs 13-passenger buses that charge passengers $2 each while Harrah's uses 30-passenger buses between four casinos it owns along Pacific avenue; photo (M)")('2006111', 'Jacqueline Norman letter on October 22 article on amateur classical music groups in New York metropolitan area')('2006111', 'Janet Freeman and Jodi Marra letters on Oct 29 article on cordial pie')('2006111', 'Correction of Nov 5 listing in Holiday Movies section about film Bobby')('2006111', 'Laura Mansnerus On Politics column on work Republican Senatorial hopeful Thomas Kean Jr faces in trying to repair his image after his failed mud-slinging campaign against Sen Robert Menendez of New Jersey; photo (M)')('2006111', 'Harris Kornstein letter on November 5 editorial about third-party endorsements in New York')('2006111', 'Jacqueline Norman letter on October 22 article on amateur classical music groups in New York metropolitan area')('2006111', 'Letter from Eric Steel, producer and director of film The Bridge, disputes Oct 22 article that suggested his film abetted suicide jumpers')('2006111', 'Open-space preservation proposals in Nassau County, East Hampton, Riverhead, Shelter Island, Southampton and Southold, NY, are approved by voters (S)')('2006111', 'Jennifer Greeson letter disputes Sven Birkerts Oct 29 review of Julia C Collins book Curse of Caste')('2006111', 'Former Tyco International head L Dennis Kozlowski sells his ski chalet in Beaver Creek, Colo, for $10 million; new owner, who also paid $750,000 for furnishings, is not identified; photo (S)')('2006111', "Ocean Technology Foundation of Croton, Conn, announces it might have found wreck of Revolutionary War hero John Paul Jones' ship Bonhomme Richard off England's northeast coast; foundation needs to raise $250,000 to continue search of five previously unknown wreck sites; photo (M)")('2006111', 'Paula J Caplan letter comments on Toni Bentley Oct 22 review of Alex Kuczynski book Beauty Junkies')('2006111', 'Article on search by Jeremy Feinberg, doctoral student in ecology and evolution at Rutgers University, for southern leopard frogs, which, once common, have not been sighted on Long Island in decade; Feinberg hopes to find native population, breed, transplant and analyze how well they survive in hope of restoring them to area; photos (M)')('2006111', 'Kansas City Chiefs and quarterback Damon Huard prepare to face Miami Dolphins; photos (M)')('2006111', "Daniel Samson and Ira Sohn letters comment on Elizabeth Rubin's Oct 29 article on resurgency of Taliban in Afghanistan")('2006111', "Karla Cook reviews Conte's pizzeria and restaurant in Princeton, NJ; photos (M)")('2006111', 'Melani Nardone letter contends that cruelty of horse racing will never be addressed because sport makes money (S)')('2006111', "Owner-operators who are members of Atlantic City Jitney Assn express dismay at free shuttle service instituted by Harrah's Entertainment; association runs 13-passenger buses that charge passengers $2 each while Harrah's uses 30-passenger buses between four casinos it owns along Pacific avenue; photo (M)")('2006111', 'Sampling of housing on market in New York City metropolitan area; photos (M)')('2006111', 'Discussion sponsored by The Week magazine on digital media revolution elicits question about Viacom chairman Sumner Redstone (S)')('2006111', 'Anita Gates reviews Emelin Theater production of Dames at Sea, with songs by Jim Wise and lyrics and book by George Haimsohn and Robin Miller and directed by Brett Smock; photo (M)')('2006111', 'Benjamin Genocchio reviews retrospective of works by Jaune Quick-to-See Smith at Montclair Art Museum in New Jersey; photo (M)')('2006111', "Norman Wolfson letter on Thomas Lynch's November 5 Op-Ed article on meaning of death to those left behind")('2006111', 'Correction of Oct 29 profile of Tony Snow, White House press secretary')('2006111', 'Correction; Nov 5 article on Yonkers, NY, referred incorrectly to major redevelopment project proposed for Brooklyn')('2006111', "Editor's note--New York Times Chess column will continue despite Robert Byrne's retirement; successor has not been named (S)")('2006111', 'Kelly Feeney reviews Mr Wraps sandwich shop in Cranford, NJ (Quick Bite column) (M)')('2006111', 'Recent developments in NFL discussed; photos (M)')('2006111', 'Article on search by Jeremy Feinberg, doctoral student in ecology and evolution at Rutgers University, for southern leopard frogs, which, once common, have not been sighted on Long Island in decade; Feinberg hopes to find native population, breed, transplant and analyze how well they survive in hope of restoring them to area; photos (M)')('2006111', 'Correction of October 29 article about new resorts in Dominican Republic (S)')('2006111', 'Profile of and interview with actor Jack Klugman, who is starring opposite Dan Lauria in production of Jeffrey Sweet play The Value of Names at George Street Playhouse in New Brunswick, NJ; photos (M)')('2006111', "Ed Grimm letter on Hortense Calisher's November 5 essay on rocks in Riverside Park")('2006111', 'Correction; Oct 22 Streetscapes column misidentified hometown of resident interviewed')('2006111', 'Ian L Lawless letter discusses controversies surrounding handcycling (S)')('2006111', "Westchester County Executive Andrew Spano introduces legislation that would require county officials and home improvement contractors operating in county to replace old leaf blowers with newer, cleaner models by January 1, 2009; bill is latest effort in series of initiatives aimed at improving county's environmental record; photo (M)")('2006111', 'Renewable Energy Long Island executive director Gordian Raacke letter on November 5 article on efforts to tap wind energy in New York metropolitan area')('2006111', "Four letters comment on Byron Calame Oct 22 Public Editor column on Times's effort to attract advertisers with new lifestyle magazine sections; Nancy D Rowles and Gloria Neumeier say advertising magazines are fine as long as they keep Times in business; Claude LeBrun says sections subject Times to ridicule because they are shallow and self-involved; Theodore A Rushton says these sections should be labeled")('2006111', 'Robin Finn The Island column on Kevin McAllister, environmentalist and baykeeper who heads Peconic Baykeeper and whose purvue now includes entire South Shore estuary; photo (M)')('2006111', 'Article on new efforts by Connecticut, New York and New Jersey to apply for grants under federal Money Follows the Person program that would move number of nursing home residents who receive Medicaid to home care, which is often less expensive; photos (M)')('2006111', "Correction of October 29 article about training for private pilot's license; color-blind people are not disqualified from licensing process (S)")('2006111', "New York Mets's new baseball stadium will be named CitiField (S)")('2006111', 'Article on invasion of Asian shore crabs whose epicenter is Long Island Sound and New Jersey shoreline; scientists, who believe crabs first arrived in 1988 in Cape May, NJ, from Western Pacific in ballast of cargo ship, say aggressive crab has spread from Maine to North Carolina and has virtually eliminated other species of crab; photo (M)')('2006111', 'Kate Stone Lombardi column on latest effort in Westchester County, NY, to control underage drinking parties; County Executive Andrew Spano and District Attorney Janet DiFiore invited teens to offer their thoughts on subject during meeting with Teen Drinking Action Council at Westchester County Center in White Plains; drawing (M)')('2006111', "Correction of Oct 29 On Language column about term 'whack-a-mole'")('2006111', 'Alison Leigh Cowan On Politics column on election results in Connecticut; Gov M Jodi Rell wins handily against Democrat John DeStefano; Democrats win veto-proof majorities in State House and Senate; Sen Joseph Lieberman is elected to fourth term; other results noted; photos (M)')('2006111', 'New York Jets prepare to face New England Patriots; photo (S)')('2006111', "Stephanie Lyness reviews Martin's On Guilford Green restaurant in Guilford, Conn; photos (M)")('2006111', "Westchester County Executive Andrew Spano introduces legislation that would require county officials and home improvement contractors operating in county to replace old leaf blowers with newer, cleaner models by January 1, 2009; bill is latest effort in series of initiatives aimed at improving county's environmental record; photo (M)")('2006111', "Westchester County Executive Andrew Spano introduces legislation that would require county officials and home improvement contractors operating in county to replace old leaf blowers with newer, cleaner models by January 1, 2009; bill is latest effort in series of initiatives aimed at improving county's environmental record; photo (M)")('2006111', "Letter from Suzanne England, dean of New York University School of Social Work, says reading William Styron's book Darkness Visible about his struggle with depression reminded her why she felt called to be social worker and forced her to accept new understanding of mental illness (Lawrence Downes, Nov 7 Editorial Appreciation)")('2006111', 'Donna Cobbs of Hamilton Heights section of Bronx charged with murder of husband Kevin after he dies following fight in which she struck him repeatedly in chest (M)')('2006111', 'Article on secure videoconferencing system that has been installed for visitors and prisoners at Middlesex County Adult Corrections Center in New Jersey; system, in development for two years through Stanley Security Solutions, has replaced nearly all contact between inmates and visitors; photo (M)')('2006111', 'South Orange and Maplewood school district in New Jersey cancels classes as teachers, working for last 16 months without contract, stage sick-out on Election Day (S)')('2006111', "Daniel Meyers letter comments on David Margolick Oct 8 review of book A Well-Paid Salve: Curt Flood's Fight for Free Agency in Professional Sports by Brad Snyder")('2006111', 'Article on new efforts by Connecticut, New York and New Jersey to apply for grants under federal Money Follows the Person program that would move number of nursing home residents who receive Medicaid to home care, which is often less expensive; photos (M)')('2006111', 'Michael Winerip Parenting column on life of US Army Lieutenant Dennis Zilinski 2d, of Howell, NJ, who was killed in Iraq last November after brief military career; photos (M)')('2006111', "Ric Ocasek speaks to Winter Miller about what he's been listening to and watching; photos (M)")('2006111', "Op-Ed article by New York University Wagner School of Public Service Prof Mitchell Moss on scandal surrounding New York Comptroller Alan Hevesi; questions whether state comptroller should be sole trustee of state's Common Retirement Fund, which totals more than $145 billion; holds now is time for governor-elect Eliot Spitzer to reconsider powers of office, since it is so vast and is subject to so little oversight (M)")('2006111', 'M H Reed article on caviar and other luxury items available at Portier Fine Foods in Mamaroneck, NY (Quick Bite column) (S)')('2006111', "Three letters comment on Stephanie Coontz Nov 7 Op-Ed article on study showing that Americans are relying more on marriage to fill their emotional needs; Esther Perel says problem is that Americans ask of one person what extended family and community used to provide; J Athanikar describes difficulty in forging relationships as widow; Lise U Chase agrees with Coontz that trying to fill all emotional needs with one's spouse strains relationship")('2006111', "League of American Bicyclists regional director John S Allen letter disputes Samuel I Schwartz's November 5 Op-Ed article on barrier-separated bike lanes in Manhattan")('2006111', 'Some schools close on Election Day as authorities in New Jersey and Pennsylvania investigate letters sent to communities in both states threatening attack like one that killed five girls at Amish schoolhouse in October (S)')('2006111', 'Blair Ford letter contends that New York City Marathon is more difficult than Tour de France (S)')('2006111', 'Marcelle Fischler article on installation by Laurette Gnaegy Kovary, which includes old and new works, at Tilles Center on campus of Long Island University in Brookville, NY; photos (M)')('2006111', 'United States vetoes United Nations Security Council resolution condemning Israel for its military actions in Gaza and calling for immediate withdrawal of Israeli forces from area; US Amb John R Bolton calls resolution introduced by Qatar biased and politically motivated; two days of negotiations fail to address US objections (M)')('2006111', "Nita Murphy letter on Henry Shukman's October 22 Cultured Traveler column about writer D H Lawrence's relationship to Taos, NM")('2006111', 'Ann Kirschner Generations essay on arguments between her and her children over archive of letters and photographs mailed to her mother, Sala Kirschner, during her five years in Nazi slave labor camps; notes she decided to donate most to New York Public Library and distribute rest to family members; photos (M)')('2006111', 'Op-Ed article by Univesity of Chicago Graduate School of Business Assistant Prof Sean Safford on New Jersey Supreme Court decision that requires state legislature to decide whether homosexual and heterosexual relations are same or just similar (M)')('2006111', "Book Review editors introduce special children's book section (S)")('2006111', 'Arnold Korotkin letter on November 5 editorial calling for greater transparency within Port Authority of New York and New Jersey')('2006111', "Rob Walker column on why marketing of film Snakes on a Plane unleashed a phrase, 'snakes on a plane,' that proved to be bigger phenomenon than film itself; drawing (M)")('2006111', 'Ann Kirschner Generations essay on arguments between her and her children over archive of letters and photographs mailed to her mother, Sala Kirschner, during her five years in Nazi slave labor camps; notes she decided to donate most to New York Public Library and distribute rest to family members; photos (M)')('2006111', 'Article on some of dozens of veteran antiques dealers who live vagabond life traveling around country every weekend from September to April on antiques-show circuit; scene at 15th annual Caramoor Fall Art and Antiques Show in Katonah, NY, described; list; photos (L)')('2006111', "Six letters comment on William Safire Nov 9 Op-Ed consoling conservatives with limited scope of Democrats' midterm elections sweep; Robert Passman criticizes 'arrogance and ignorance' of Bush administration; Gus Nicholson says election was not about neoconservatives and liberals but about 'reining in bullies'; Margaret McGirr says she is grateful to Safire for cheering her up about election results; James McCrane and David Madden question Safire's attempt to dismiss impact of election; Pamela Fiore disagrees with Safire's assessment that Democrats will fail; drawing")('2006111', 'Chicago Bears prepare to face New York Giants; photo (S)')('2006111', 'John Silber letter praises Jim Holt Oct 22 review of Richard Dawkins book The God Delusion')('2006111', 'Michael Winerip Parenting column on life of US Army Lieutenant Dennis Zilinski 2d, of Howell, NJ, who was killed in Iraq last November after brief military career; photos (M)')('2006111', "Central Westchester Humane Society's animal shelter in Elmsford, NY, facing fines of up to $60,000, agrees to plead guilty to 60 health code violations that occurred from 2002 to 2004 (S)")('2006111', 'Raymond Joslin comments on his decision to leave Hearst Entertainment and Syndication to become chief executive of CAD Sciences, which creates cancer-detection software (S)')('2006111', "Editorial, in light of serious dent Democrats made in New York's once-formidable Republican Party in last week's elections, holds Republicans need to think and act independently of far-right in order to succeed in state; holds pragmatist like New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg could serve as vanguard of new New York Republican Party")('2006111', 'Peter Tafeen, who has already pleaded guilty to securities fraud for his role in Homestore scandal, settles civil lawsuit by paying more than $2.6 million (S)')('2006111', 'Money from New York Times Neediest Cases Fund helps Jobe Davis keep his resolution to care for 85-year-old mother in his home despite losing his job; photo (M)')('2006111', 'Article on invasion of Asian shore crabs whose epicenter is Long Island Sound and New Jersey shoreline; scientists, who believe crabs first arrived in 1988 in Cape May, NJ, from Western Pacific in ballast of cargo ship, say aggressive crab has spread from Maine to North Carolina and has virtually eliminated other species of crab; photo (M)')('2006111', "Patricia Brooks reviews Stroble's bakery and cafe in Kent, Conn (Quick Bite column) (S)")('2006111', "Katrin Hier letter on Cynthia Carr's October 22 article on avant-garde culture of Lower East Side in 1980's")('2006111', 'Democrat Philip Nolan defeats Republican Pamela Greene to serve out remaining term of former supervisor Peter McGowan in Islip, NY; Nolan, sole Democrat on five-member Town Council, faces tough challenges and will have to run again next November; voters reject proposal to replace elected at-large system; photo (M)')('2006111', 'Dan C English letter commments on David Leonhardt Oct 29 review of Jacob Hacker book The Great Risk Shift')('2006111', 'Calvin E Wong letter on Nov 5 article about unwritten auction bidding rules')('2006111', 'Michael Winerip Parenting column on life of US Army Lieutenant Dennis Zilinski 2d, of Howell, NJ, who was killed in Iraq last November after brief military career; photos (M)')('2006111', 'A Elizabeth Jones, former US ambassador to Kazakhstan, Cynthia Schneider,former ambassador to Netherlands, and Carl Spielvogel, former ambassador to Slovakia, meet at Southern New Hampshire University to reminisce about their work to promote ethics, values and rule of law (S)')('2006111', 'John Hall, with 97 percent of precincts reporting, declares victory in race for 19th Congressional District seat in Westchester County, NY; incumbent Sue Kelly refuses to concede; Democrat Andrea Stewart-Cousins declares victory over incumbent New York State Sen Nicholas Spano, who has also not conceded; photo (M)')('2006111', "Noah Feldman's Oct 29 essay on threat posed by Iran if it develops nuclear weapons elicits letters from Stephen A Silver, Robert N Cooper, Raymond D Gastil, Virginia Bayer and Bruce Hay; drawing")('2006111', 'Article on some of dozens of veteran antiques dealers who live vagabond life traveling around country every weekend from September to April on antiques-show circuit; scene at 15th annual Caramoor Fall Art and Antiques Show in Katonah, NY, described; list; photos (L)')('2006111', 'Joanne Starkey reviews Sweet Basil restaurant in Commack, NY; photos (M)')('2006111', 'Boston University student Jessica Callahan comments on studying Kathakali dance in Kerala, India; photo (M)')('2006111', 'Emily DeNitto reviews Sushi Nanase restaurant in White Plains, NY; photos (M)')('2006111', 'Candidates in midterm elections employed some innovations in campaign tactics and political advertising, which are sure to be refined for 2008 presidential campaign; Internet videos affected some races; examples detailed; photos (M)')('2006111', "Three letters comment on Byron Calame Oct 22 Public Editor column opposing Times's decision to publish June 23 article on secret banking-data surveillance program; John T Bennett and Stephen Kahn Bonnett say Calame was right in his initial support of decision; Jack Justice says he is troubled by reasoning on which Calame's reversal is based")('2006111', 'Renewable Energy Long Island Executive director Gordian Raacke, retired nuclear engineer Robert W Kupp, William C Ragals Jr and Ted and Shirley Black letters on November 5 article about use of wind energy in New York metropolitan region')('2006111', "Howard Goldberg reviews Macari Vineyards' 2006 Early Wine (Long Island Vines column) (M)")('2006111', 'Michael Winerip Parenting column on life of US Army Lieutenant Dennis Zilinski 2d, of Howell, NJ, who was killed in Iraq last November after brief military career; photos (M)')('2006111', "Op-Ed article by New York University Wagner School of Public Service Prof Mitchell Moss on scandal surrounding New York Comptroller Alan Hevesi; questions whether state comptroller should be sole trustee of state's Common Retirement Fund, which totals more than $145 billion; holds now is time for governor-elect Eliot Spitzer to reconsider powers of office, since it is so vast and is subject to so little oversight (M)")('2006111', "Bob Groskin letter comments on Wendy McClure's Oct 29 article on euthanizing a pet fish")('2006111', "Harriet Frank letter on Patrick Smith's October 29 Op-Ed article opposing limiting private aviation in flyways over Manhattan")('2006111', "Midterm election of 2006 provided lessons and consequences that will inform presidential election of 2008; midterm elections demonstrated limits of Karl Rove's Republican strategy to court party's conservative base, calculating that there are enough of them to win elections; 26 percent of electorate in midterms were independent voters who voted 2-to-1 for Democrats; election also created new problem: with 51-49 split in Senate, senators who are running for president will have to be at their desks for close votes instead of on campaign trail; photo (M)")('2006111', "Sandra Levine letter, prompted by Nov 6 editorial praising Long Island Rail Road's new acting president Raymond Kenny, says railroad has solved problem of late trains by changing definition of 'late'")('2006111', "Jessica Nolfo letter on Gerri Hirshey's October 29 column on large houses invading Fairfield County, Conn")('2006111', 'Correction of Nov 5 article about new DVD box sets of James Bond movies')('2006111', 'Exit: An Inquiry, dance created by choreographer Leda Meredith in memory of friend and former partner Leonardo Smith, will be performed as part of Dance Adelphi at Herricks Community Center in New Hyde Park, NY; Meredith comments; photo (M)')('2006111', "Historic elections like last Tuesday's inevitably invite wrong inferences. With big political changes in Washington, there is a natural tendency to make sweeping conclusions about how the electorate has changed. Here's a quick list of important things about voter trends to keep in mind when considering what we have learned about how America voted this [...]")('2006111', "We wanted to know why in the world it was taking so long to get these last few races wrapped up. It's pretty much all about the provisional ballots, and, in one case, football.")('2006111', "Senator Mel Martinez of Florida is expected to be named the G.O.P.'s new general party chairman, replacing Ken Mehlman, in January.")('2006111', 'Fresh-faced and idealistic, the newly elected, soon-to-be members of Congress arrived at the Capitol today.')('2006111', 'Updated at 8:30 p.m.')('2006111', 'Gov. George E. Pataki was circumspect today when asked whether the Democratic rout in the midterm elections last week influenced his thoughts about his political future. (James Estrin/The New York Times) "No, I think what it clearly points out is what I\'ve been saying for some time - is that the idea of winning a [...]')('2006111', 'Even though the new class of members arrived in Washington on Sunday, the electoral map is still spotted by undecided races.')('2006111', 'The Sundance of television yields some promising material.')('2006111', 'General Electric and Hitachi will merge their nuclear power businesses, which build new reactors and provide services to owners of old ones, the companies said Monday. The announcement of the deal by the two companies today is another sign of global retrenchment in the industry. G.E. competes with Westinghouse Electric (now owned by Toshiba) and [...]')('2006111', "As Symbol Technologies prepares to be acquired by Motorola, it seems to be scouring the thesaurus for words to describe the payouts for Symbol executives. At least, that is the suggestion of footnoted.org's Michelle Leder, who took a close look at the proxy statement describing the $3.9 billion deal on Monday. Originally, Ms. Leder writes, [...]")('2006111', "More on Gordon Ramsay's aborted two-hour limit.")('2006111', 'Citigroup, the banking behemoth, is putting its name - or at least part of it - on a New York institution. It was announced Monday that the structure replacing Shea Stadium in 2009 as home to the New York Mets will be named CitiField as part of a 20-year sponsorship agreement with Citigroup. With a [...]')('2006111', "[Updated, 5:15 p.m.] After four years, Hillary Rodham Clinton is reportedly quitting as chairwoman of the Senate's Democratic policy steering committee to focus her attention on something else. [Spin Cycle.] Jerry Skurnik handicaps the two special elections for City Council scheduled for early next year. [Room 8.] John Hall is in Washington this week for [...]")('2006111', 'Readers respond to Bob Herbert\'s Nov. 13 column, "The Fading Dream." Don Kadlec, Fargo, N.D.: The Democrats are indeed poised to fix several of our problems, except for one: the war in Iraq. They\'ve promised to take the country in a different direction with regard to our Middle East policy, but in reality I fear [...]')('2006111', 'Readers respond to David Brooks\'s Nov. 12 column, "Talking About Iraq." R. C. Tobin, New York: You try to label those Democrats who seek immediate or rapid withdrawal from Iraq as McGovernites. Another conservative buzzword, presumably meant to label those who\'d advocate such policies as left-wing extremist losers, the common opinion of conservatives re Sen. [...]')('2006111', 'Paul Krugman responds to readers\' comments on his Nov. 13 column, "True Blue Populists." Mikael Wolfe, Ann Arbor, Mich.: Where do these new populists stand on environmental issues, especially climate change? I find it disconcerting that this critical issue of the 21st century is virtually ignored by candidates and media analysts. Any prospect that this [...]')('2006111', '"Strategic kudos are in order," for Gannett, writes Lauren Rich Fine, the Merrill Lynch media analyst whose musings have gained increased attention as the newspaper industry has faced more upheaval. Ms. Fine issued a note Monday raising her rating on Gannett, the largest newspaper company in the United States, to "buy" from "neutral." She applauded [...]')('2006111', "Don't blame Mercury.")('2006111', 'So far, the Justice Department has not tipped its hand on why it is investigating "club deals" among private equity firms. Theories abound, however. It has been reported that the department is looking for evidence that private equity firms are colluding to limit the number of bidders on certain auctions to keep prices down. But [...]')('2006111', 'The accounting giant KPMG announced the formation of a United States private equity group, which will be led by Donald Spitzer. The group will advise large private equity funds on merger and acquisition structuring, deal due diligence and other matters. Mr. Spitzer has been a partner at KPMG since 1982. His new title is national [...]')('2006111', 'The lame-duck session of Congress begins today, but its chances of getting much done seem awash in post-election jockeying.')('2006111', '"In some ways, the midterm election of 2006 was the first big event of the 2008 race - much like an early debate or an Iowa straw poll," writes Adam Nagourney.')('2006111', 'How many wins does it take to make a political wave?')('2006111', "The election fallout continues in New York for Republicans. The state party chairman, Stephen J. Minarik III, is stepping down. Joseph N. Mondello is expected to succeed him (with a purge of Gov. George Pataki's operatives to follow, Fred Dicker says.) The magnitude of the party's New York defeat is sinking in: Democrats swept every [...]")('2006111', 'Democrats said they are going to use their new political capital to push for a drawdown of troops in Iraq within months.')('2006111', 'A reader tries to be removed from a mailing list.')('2006111', 'Nancy Pelosi has endorsed John Murtha, a darling of the antiwar netroots, in his campaign to be elected Majority Leader in the new Congress. Ed Kilgore of the Democratic Leadership Council says he "deplores the idea of a purge of Steny Hoyer as the number-two official among House Democrats." Kilgore writes at his NewDonkey.com blog: [...]')('2006111', '"The depleted House Republican caucus, a minority in the next Congress, convenes at 8 a.m. Friday in the Capitol on the brink of committing an act of supreme irrationality," Robert Novak writes in his Chicago Sun-Times column. "The House members blame their leadership for tasting the bitter dregs of defeat. Yet, the consensus so far [...]')('2006111', 'Patrick Byrne, the chief executive of Overstock.com, thinks politicians, regulators and journalists can be bought. And he thinks one senator who disagrees with him is "an absolute, ignorant cracker."')('2006111', 'Maurice R. Greenberg, the former chairman of the insurance giant American International Group, is considering a bid for the Tribune Company and has been quietly reaching out to investment bankers and lawyers about pursuing an offer, The New York Times reported, citing people briefed on his plans. Mr. Greenberg has also expressed interest in pursuing [...]')('2006111', "A gene-testing technology company Illumina will acquire Solexa, a developer of genetic analysis systems, in a stock deal valuing Solexa at about $600 million, the companies said Monday. Solexa's stockholders will receive shares of Illumina valued at $14 per Solexa share, a 44 percent premium to its closing price on Friday. Go to Article from [...]")('2006111', "The head of Kohlberg Kravis Roberts' Paris operations has been in talks with French regulators and representatives of other private equity groups in the country over concerns of market manipulation involving false takeover rumors, the Financial Times said. France's stock market regulator, the Autorité des Marchés Financiers, has confirmed talks with investment funds about ways [...]")('2006111', 'Will the "Dreamgirls" roadshow create excitement or resentment?')('2006111', 'Headline writers mourn: It won\'t be a McCain-Feingold presidential election in 2008, because Senator Russ Feingold of Wisconsin has announced that he won\'t be running for the Democratic nomination. At The Plank, The New Republic staff blog, Michael Crowley notes that Feingold\'s withdrawal leaves only two candidates among the oft-mentioned who "have opposed the Iraq [...]')('2006111', "So much for a sweetened poison pill. Arcelor Mittal has been blocked from selling Dofasco, its Canadian unit, after a trust that controls the unit refused on Monday to dissolve itself, the Financial Times reported. Directors of the Strategic Steel Stichting, the Dutch foundation that holds Dofasco's shares, said they would not dissolve the foundation, [...]")('2006111', 'Less than a year and a half after emerging from bankruptcy protection, Eddie Bauer Holdings, which runs a chain of outdoorsy clothing stores, has agreed to be acquired by two private equity firms. An affiliate of Sun Capital Partners and Golden Gate Capital will buy the company for $286 million in cash and $328 million [...]')('2006111', 'The valuation of Sprint Nextel has banks and private equity firms talking about the possibility of a leveraged buyout, though the sheer size of such a deal could be prohibitive, according to the Daily Deal. The carrier has an enterprise value of about $75 billion, not counting a takeout premium. Sprint Nextel has traded between [...]')('2006111', 'When the Federal Trade Commission proposed new rules this spring for multilevel marketers, businesses best known for commercials that promise riches selling herbal supplements and beauty supplies, it drew howls of protest. Tupperware party-givers, diet pill vendors and knife salesmen sent the agency more than 15,000 letters complaining that the proposed rules would undo a [...]')('2006111', 'Ford Motor says it needs more time to restate its earnings for accounting errors that involved interest rate hedging at its financial arm. Go to Article from the Associated Press via The San Francisco Chronicle »')('2006111', 'The stock options scandal has led to the resignations of more than two dozen executives in the United States, but some companies in the crosshairs do not seem particularly eager to cast off their fallen leaders. Reuters points out that some corporate chiefs are staying on the payroll for weeks, or longer, after stepping down [...]')('2006111', 'Corporate bankruptcy filings, subdued by the high availability of credit in recent years, should hit courts in a wave within the next six to 18 months, a report released this week predicted. According to an analysis by the American Bankruptcy Institute and the Dow Jones\' Daily Bankruptcy Review, 70.7 percent of 90 respondents expect "the [...]')('2006111', "The longtime chief executive of KB Home, one of the nation's largest home builders, resigned under pressure on Sunday night and agreed to return $13 million in profit from backdated stock options, the company said. Two other KB Home executives were also ousted, including the head of human resources, who the company said had worked [...]")('2006111', 'The chief executive of Deutsche Telekom, the largest telecommunications company in Europe, resigned Sunday amid growing pressure from discontented investors as the share price fell. Kai-Uwe Ricke, the executive, appears to have been forced out by major shareholders after the company last week reported a 20 percent drop in profit for the third quarter, prompting [...]')('2006111', "In the last decade, the hedge fund industry has exploded, as have the paychecks of its billionaire money managers, leading to increased philanthropic efforts. But Christopher Hohn, who runs the Children's Investment Fund, and his wife, Jamie Cooper-Hohn, who runs the Children's Investment Fund Foundation, are putting a new twist on the charity trend: they [...]")('2006111', "Hedge funds increasingly are pressuring executives to either shape things up or move on, but a study suggests that their demands aren't doing much to improve the financial health of the companies they target. Researchers at New York University concluded that when hedge funds become involved businesses often see their profits drop, debt levels rise [...]")('2006111', 'Onex, the Canadian investment firm, is getting into the steel business with the purchase of Tube City IMS, one of the largest steel services companies in North America, for 720 million Canadian dollars ($635 million). Go to Article from The Globe and Mail »')('2006111', "Six Flags, seeking to reduce its $2.2 billion of debt by selling theme parks, received bids for the properties that may fall short of investors' expectations, according to Bloomberg News. The buyout firm MidOcean Partners and a theme-park operator, Herschend Family Entertainment, offered less than $650 million for the six locations, the report said. Go [...]")('2006111', 'The privatization of the oil pipeline and storage company Kinder Morgan faces some antitrust issues, according to The Deal. Were the Federal Trade Commission to issue a second request, the closing could be pushed back several months. In August, Kinder Morgan agreed to a $22 billion offer from its founder, Richard Kinder, backed by Goldman [...]')('2006111', 'Four years after openings a debut fund amid the venture capital industry\'s darkest days, Valhalla Partners has closed its second fund with $260 million to invest in information technology and communications startups, with an emphasis on working closely with entrepreneurs and providing what it calls "transformational capital". Go to Article from The Daily Deal »')('2006111', 'Mascoma, which is trying to produce ethanol from nontraditional sources, planned to announce on Monday that it has received $30 million in financing from a group of prominent venture capital investors. The investment, which is led by General Catalyst Partners and includes Khosla Ventures, Flagship Ventures, Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers and others, is the [...]')('2006111', "Ishaan Real Estate, an Indian property investment company firm that was to starts a roadshow on Monday, intends to raise about $340 million in an initial public offering in London. Ishaan's offer, which is jointly arranged by Deutsche Bank and J.P. Morgan Cazenove, comes on the heels of a heavily oversubscribed I.P.O. by Parsvnath Developers [...]")('2006111', 'Two more Hong Kong-listed property developers took the opportunity to sell a combined $1.12 billion worth of shares on Friday, rounding out a week of heavy placement activity. Agile Property Holdings and its chairman raised 3.12 billion Hong Kong dollars ($408 million) in a share sale Friday, followed by Henderson Land Development, which completed a [...]')('2006111', "As early as next week, investors will have the chance to decide whether owning a piece of Halliburton's KBR unit – and the thorny issues that come with it – offers rewards that offset the risks. Halliburton, the Houston-based energy and defense conglomerate, is preparing to sell 17 percent of KBR through an initial public [...]")('2006111', "In more bad news for Wall Street, the London Stock Exchange has continued to outperform the New York Stock Exchange this year as a venue for initial public offerings, according to recent figures. London's main market has been host to 15.2 billion euros ($19.5 billion) in I.P.O.'s so far this year, many by companies based [...]")('2006111', 'Swiss banks Credit Suisse and UBS said they have severed relations with Cuba and are not conducting any business dealings with the country. UBS said it had not had any dealings with Cuba since 2005 while Credit Suisse said it adopted a similar policy at the start of the year. Go to Article from Reuters [...]')('2006111', "CB Richard Ellis Group, the world's largest commercial real estate broker, will receive $2.2 billion of bank loans to finance its purchase of a rival, Trammell Crow, according to a regulatory filing. Go to Article from Bloomberg News via The Chicago Tribune » Go to Previous Item on DealBook »")('2006111', "West European banks are failing to disclose unfunded staff pension obligations running to billions of dollars, in contrast to United States banks, which are required to show the full picture, Standard & Poor's said in a report on Monday. Go to Article from Reuters »")('2006111', "Merrill Lynch, one of downtown New York's biggest employers, is pondering a number of possible relocations including a move out of town, according to media reports. Crain's New York Business reported that Merrill might move out of state, while Bloomberg News said the company was in talks to make its headquarters in one of the [...]")('2006111', "Rupert Murdoch's News Corporation, which is looking for a local partner as it aims to launch its popular MySpace website in China, is in early talks with prominent blog companies Bokee.com and BlogCN.com, industry sources said Sunday. Go to Article from Reuters via CNN Money » Go to Previous Item on DealBook »")('2006111', 'To prepare for her journey through the delicate ecosystem of the Oscar runup, Ellen DeGeneres has agreed to lend her name to a virtual seal whose job is to lead a bunch of her fellow seals on their annual migration. All this takes place on Dawn Saves Wildlife, a Web-based environmental education program that involves [...]')('2006111', 'Bank of America, the No. 2 bank in the nation, may yet consider making an acquisition in the Midwest, with Cleveland-based KeyCorp a possible target, according to a Punk Ziegel analyst, Richard Bove. Go to Article from Reuters »')('2006111', "The Taj Hotels Resorts and Palaces, a 103-year-old luxury hotel firm based in Mumbai, agreed to purchase the Ritz-Carlton Boston for $170 million. Luxury hotels have seen some significant time on the auction block lately; a private equity consortium including Prince Alwaleed Bin Talal and Microsoft's chairman, Bill Gates, led a $3.7 billion management buyout [...]")('2006111', 'Lloyds TSB has emerged as one of the frontrunners in the auction for Quilter, the wealth management business owned by the investment bank Morgan Stanley. Second-round bids for the business are due to be lodged this week and may come in as high as 250 million pounds ($476 million), according to The Telegraph. Go to [...]')('2006111', 'The state-owned investment agency Dubai International Capital confirmed on Saturday it would hold its first talks with the parent company of Airbus, EADS, about a Gulf Arab fund it leads possibly buying shares. In related news, Dubai International said it might sell some of its shares in DaimlerChrysler now that they were trading above 45 [...]')('2006111', '"\'Making movies seems so indulgent in a world riven with desperation and need,\' Stone said. \'Somewhere along the line I realized that movies could serve a spiritual purpose and bring together our modern tribe.\'" - Oliver Stone, from an article in The State Hornet about Oliver Stone\'s address at Sacramento State\'s University Union Ballroom, as [...]')('2006111', "Corus's chief executive, Philippe Varin, on Friday defended the 4.3 billion pound ($8.20 billion) takeover offer that his company accepted from Tata Steel in a deal that would create the world's fifth-largest steelmaker. Go to Article from Reuters »")('2006111', 'AMEC, the British engineering group, has received an approach from a mystery private equity bidder within the past few days, highlighting frenzied takeover interest across the infrastructure sector. Go to Article from The Telegraph »')('2006111', "Shares of the Scottish Re Group, a reinsurance company specializing in life insurance, lost a fifth of their value on Friday after the company cast doubt on previously announced plans to sell itself. Scottish Re's chief executive, Paul Goldean, said late Thursday the company cannot be sure that an agreement to sell will be reached [...]")('2006111', 'Ignore the "\'Twas the night before " openings - or revel in its tackiness - and there is plenty to enjoy/learn from EW\'s full pat-down on "Dreamgirls," including director Bill Condon\'s road-to-Damascus moment concerning casting Jennifer Hudson, a film rookie and onetime "American Idol" contestant, in the crucial role of Effie. "I was deeply aware [...]')('2006111', 'Dana Gas, a publicly traded energy company in the United Arab Emirates, said Sunday that it had agreed to acquire Centurion Energy International of Canada for 1.15 billion Canadian dollars ($1.02 billion) to expand into natural gas exploration and development. Go to Article from Reuters via The New York Times » Go to Article from [...]')('2006111', 'Motorola beat out several other prominent handheld device makers when it sealed a deal Friday to buy Good Technology, a high-profile Silicon Valley startup that makes software for enterprise computing over mobile devices. Analysts saw the move as a shot across the bow of Research in Motion, maker of the rival BlackBerry system. While terms [...]')('2006111', "The board of Skye Resources of Canada is expected to decide this week on how the company will finance its massive nickel project in Central America, a verdict that could set the stage for a possible deal with the company's biggest shareholder, BHP Billiton, according to The Globe and Mail. Earlier this year, the company [...]")('2006111', 'Film Experience Blog points us to a quiz designed to help fans explore their inner Nicole. "Which Nicole Kidman Character are You?" asks a series of questions, some of them devastatingly personal, but the Bagger persevered. It turns out he is Virginia Woolf.')('2006111', "Telefonica of Spain is buying 8 percent of the Hong Kong phone company PCCW, while the tycoon Li Ka-shing's foundation will take a 12 percent stake for a combined $1.04 billion. The deal, announced Sunday, leaves a Beijing-led group as the largest shareholder in PCCW. Telefonica and the Li group said that they were buying [...]")('2006111', "After word spread last week that the beleaguered British broadcaster ITV and the British cable operator NTL were in merger talks, with the blessing of Richard Branson, NTL's largest shareholder, analysts began expressing doubt that an all-out merger would be possible, positing that the companies may opt for a joint venture instead. Analysts said that [...]")('2006111', "More than a year after it bought Skype, the pioneer in Internet telephone service, eBay, one of the world's largest publicly traded Internet companies, is fighting to convince skeptics that the deal, whose final price tag could reach $4.1 billion, was indeed a smart move. Judging by the numbers, Skype has continued its meteoric rise. [...]")('2006111', 'In case your roommate swiped your New York Times magazine, you might want to check under her bed for Lynn Hirschberg\'s smart, funny profile of the smart, funny Will Ferrell. Among other insights, it offers this look into the id of the American male: "This is the dream of American men: wear shorts, make millions, [...]')('2006111', "International Business Machines will join a consortium led by Citigroup that is bidding $3 billion for control of China's Guangdong Development Bank, Reuters reported. IBM, the world's largest technology services company, would take a 5 percent stake in the troubled southern China lender if the Citigroup bid is successful, according to the report. The news [...]")('2006111', 'In this lesson, students consider their own areas of skill and interest and then work in groups to design a lesson for their peers based on their knowledge.')('2006111', 'Jon Pareles reviews new CD by Yusuf Islam (M)')('2006111', "Dave Anderson Sports of The Times column discusses New York Giants's loss to Chicago Bears; photos (M)")('2006111', "Democratic Reps John P Murtha and Steny H Hoyer are each collecting letters of support from colleagues as they vie for position of majority leader; Hoyer has had differences with Nancy Pelosi, who is expected to be elected speaker; Pelosi is nominally supporting Murtha; on Republican side, Speaker J Dennis Hastert has decided against seeking minority leader's job, setting up race among John A Boehner, Mike Pence and Joe L Barton (M)")('2006111', 'ConfirMedia system used to help advertisers and agencies track ads, is closed by its parent company Verance; Carat USA was among agencies testing technology before announcement (S)')('2006111', 'Letter from Michael D Palm Center research fellow Nathaniel Frank argues against compromising quality in search of numbers in military recruitment; cites Pentagon statistics showing increase of waivers for recruits with criminal records (Nov 8 Tim Kane and Mackenzie Eaglen Op-Ed article)')('2006111', 'Ohio State University will face Michigan University for chance to play in Bowl Championship Series title game; photos (M)')('2006111', 'California lawmakers from both parties are considering moving presidential primary from June to date earlier in year in effort to give state more say in nominating process (M)')('2006111', 'Week of college football discussed (M)')('2006111', 'Photo of veterans parading in London for Remembrance Day, tribute to British war dead')('2006111', "Steguer Wilson finds path from life in Bronx to new world as college student more manageable with assistance from New York Times Neediest Cases Fund and Children's Aid Society; photo (M)")('2006111', "Democratic leaders in Senate vow to use their new Congressional majority to press for troop reductions in Iraq within months, stepping up pressure just as Pres Bush is to be interviewed by bipartisan panel examining future strategy for war; Sen Carl Levin, incoming Armed Services Committee chairman, says phased redeployment in four to six months would signal to Iraqis that America's 'open-ended commitment' is over and put pressure on Iraqi government to take over themselves; White House chief of staff Joshua B Bolten says Bush is open to 'fresh ideas,' but he rules out setting timetable for withdrawal of troops; spirited exchanges on Sunday morning talk shows come day before bipartisan panel is to visit White House for its final round of interviews, meeting separately with Bush, secretaries of state and defense, CIA director and director of national intelligence; it will interview Prime Min Tony Blair of Britain by videoconference; photos (M)")('2006111', 'Isadore Barmash, retired business news reporter for New York Times and author of dozen books on mercantile industry, dies at age 84; photo (M)')('2006111', "Roundup of past week's advertising account changes (S)")('2006111', 'Olivier de Messieres letter proposes three-step policy for Iraq to help restore dignity and security (Nov 8 article)')('2006111', 'Indianapolis Colts defeat Buffalo Bills, 17-16; Baltimore Ravens defeat Tennessee Titans, 27-26; Denver Broncos defeat Oakland Raiders, 17-13; Seattle Seahawks defeat St Louis Rams, 24-22; Pittsburgh Steelers defeat New Orleans Saints, 38-31; Houston Texans defeat Jacksonville Jaguars, 13-10; Green Bay Packers defeat Minnesota Vikings, 23-17; Cleveland Browns defeat Atlanta Falcons, 17-13; Miami Dolphins defeat Kansas City Chiefs, 13-10; San Francisco 49ers defeat Detroit Lions, 19-13; Dallas Cowboys defeat Arizona Cardinals; photo (S)')('2006111', "Correction of Oct 30 article on Robert Fagles's new translation of The Aeneid regarding his education and number of lines in original")('2006111', 'Correction of jazz entry in Listings pages of Nov 10 Weekend section')('2006111', 'Two letters comment on election outcome; Harvey Wasserman says most significant outcome of vote may be coming of age of grass-roots election-protection movement; Bruce Ellerstein, prompted by Nov 9 article on worldwide reaction, says election was indicative of democracy in action and should serve as example to moderates everywhere')('2006111', 'Popular Demand column on visitors to Internet news sites during recent election; chart of visitors to top five sites; photo (S)')('2006111', 'Photo of pitcher Jaret Wright, who was traded from New York Yankees to Baltimore Orioles for pitcher Chris Britton')('2006111', "Six letters comment on Nov 6 article about Hannaford Brothers grocery, which rates foods according to nutritional value; Arlyn Purcell and Carol Haskill praise Hannaford for helping consumers with food choices; Madeline Hayes says people should prepare their own healthy food; Elizabeth Greenspan describes her healthy diet; Lily Szajnberg says Hannaford's system is helpful but should not be considered right way to choose food; Laurie Steinberg says comment from one food industry executive quoted in article is disingenuous; drawing")('2006111', 'Republicans will maintain control in Congress in post-election session as lawmakers return to try to finish 10 overdue spending bills and other legislation that stalled because of pre-election gamesmanship; leaders have compiled ambitious to-do list, hoping to dispose of energy legislation and other bills that have languished; Pres Bush hopes to take advantage of Republican majority until end of year and is pressing legislation authorizing domestic wiretapping program and nomination of John R Bolton as United Nations ambassador, although both parties appear to have written both issues off; parties will also elect leadership for new Congress; photos (M)')('2006111', 'Public two-year colleges are attracting attention of more and more philanthropists; unlike big-name universities, few community colleges have wealthy alumni who can swoop in with multimillion-dollar gifts; Grantmakers for Education cites increased interest in college access issues; math and science education have also attracted philanthropies; list of gifts to top 10 universities and top 10 community colleges; creative giving techniques noted; drawing; chart (special section, Giving) (L)')('2006111', 'Ben Ratliff reviews new CD by Neil Young and Crazy Horse; photo (M)')('2006111', 'Correction of Nov 4 article on newly renovated Nashville home of retiring Sen Bill Frist that resembles White House, regarding name of his neighborhood')('2006111', 'Robert Fennell, Broadway press agent who represented more than 100 theatrical productions across United States, dies at age 48; photo (M)')('2006111', 'Sugartown Creative is hired by Couplets.com social networking Web site; agency will be compensated through percentage of revenue rather than traditonal commissions or fees; percentage-based method of compensation is growing trend designed to strenghten ties between agencies and clients; Couplets.com president Jay Chalnick comments (S)')('2006111', "Pres Mahmoud Ahmadinejad describes efforts by United Nations Security Council to impose sanctions on Iran as 'disgraceful' and he accuses UN of aplying double standard for not objecting to development of unconventional weapons elsewhere in world; Iran contends that its nuclear program is peaceful (S)")('2006111', 'Kelefa Sanneh reviews new CD by Akon (M)')('2006111', 'Correction of jazz entry in Listings pages of Nov 10 Weekend section')('2006111', "Photo of Roman Catholic bishops from around country attending Mass at Baltimore Basilica to mark completion of its restoration and bicentennial; basilica is site of country's first Catholic archdiocese")('2006111', 'Photo of friends and relatives attending dedication of memorial in Queens to 265 people killed in crash of American Airlines jet in 2001')('2006111', 'BBDO Worldwide chairman Allen Rosenshine will retire at end of year after spending 41 of his 44 years in advertising business at agency; will take title of chairman emeritus; Andrew Robertson will remain president and chief executive; chairman post will not be filled (S)')('2006111', 'Florida University will face Western Carolina University (S)')('2006111', "The idea that Republicans lost, but conservatives won, just isn't true.")('2006111', "They never actually finished counting the ballots in Washington's Eighth Congressional District, but at least it's settled.")('2006111', 'Today we spent about four hours hanging out in front of Room 345 of the Cannon House Office Building, accosting new members as they came out to make phone calls, use the facilities, or take a break.')('2006111', 'The Dining staff will be answering questions on Thanksgiving cooking and entertaining. Readers are also encouraged to share their favorite recipes and tips. (Not all questions will be answered.)')('2006111', "Sure, people always say they want more good news from the media. Or, at least, they want less bad news. But do they really want good news qua good news? I don't know. I think they just want The News, and have it by lucky chance turn out to be good. Even so, every now [...]")('2006111', 'Eliot Spitzer started an "economic revitalization" tour of upstate New York today. The region, which he once compared to Appalachia, has been buffeted by job losses and the flight of young people to places with more opportunities. (Tim Roske/Associated Press) He started in Buffalo, which has lost a tenth of its population in the last [...]')('2006111', 'Other chairmen from the region: Chris Dodd, Banking; Chuck Schumer, Joint Economic. Full list at The Caucus.')('2006111', 'Senator Harry Reid, the majority leader-to-be, has announced the new Senate committee assignments.')('2006111', 'Giuliani explores a presidential run, mass kidnappings in Iraq, gay rights in South Africa, sour grapes for Borat and other news nuggets.')('2006111', 'In the latest skirmish over cellphones in the New York schools, Public Advocate Betsy Gotbaum invited New York City parents to send e-mail messages to her about the hardships posed by the phone ban. The policy has the strong backing of Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg. Today she released some of the messages. Excerpts: A woman [...]')('2006111', 'The elevation of Chuck.')('2006111', "A collection of television stations are headed from one private equity owner to another. Diamond Castle Holdings said Tuesday it will buy BlueStone TV Holdings from an affiliate of Providence Equity Partners for $230 million. Diamond Castle, formed in 2004 by Lawrence Schloss, the former head of Credit Suisse's private equity arm, will make the [...]")('2006111', 'Ben Stein caused a bit of a stir in September when the writer/actor/comedian/economist wrote a column for The New York Times calling for management-led buyouts to be outlawed. Since then, there have been more such deals, in which top executives join with investment firms to take their company private. (Four Seasons Hotels is just one [...]')('2006111', 'Defeated legislators face an unreal "real world."')('2006111', 'Shares of Timberland surged more the 6 percent Tuesday following reports that the maker of rugged footwear hired Goldman Sachs to hunt for potential buyers. Some research analysts argued that the stock is flying too high, however. In a report called "Why We Don\'t Think a Deal Works," Prudential Equity Group\'s Lizabeth Dunn said the [...]')('2006111', "Jill Abramson, the managing editor for news at The Times, is taking readers' questions this week.")('2006111', 'Q & A with Alex Stupak, pastry chef of WD-50.')('2006111', 'The incoming senate majority chose its new leadership.')('2006111', 'Blogtalk: Rudy Tests the Waters')('2006111', "As reported today by The Times' Sewell Chan, Rudy Giuliani, the former mayor of New York, filed papers with the state last Friday forming an presidential exploratory committee - the first step toward a possible run for the White House. He joins Gov. Tom Vilsack, the Democrat from Iowa who filed with the Federal Election [...]")('2006111', 'Sears Canada, the Canadian retailer, is expected to remain a public company after minority shareholders rebuffed a buyout offer from its United States-based parent, Sears Holdings. Setting aside votes excluded by the Ontario Securities Commission, about 61.5 percent of those who cast votes rejected the 892 million Canadian dollar ($782.5 million) offer, dealing a blow [...]')('2006111', "The Danish retail magnate Jakup Jacobsen is preparing a bid for the home furnishings chain Pier 1 Imports, sources familiar with the situation told Reuters Tuesday. Mr. Jacobsen, a minority investor in Pier 1, bought the retailer's British and Irish operations in March. He plans to make an offer for the rest of the company [...]")('2006111', "Gawker Media, the collection of gossipy blogs that includes the New York-based, media-centric Gawker and its Los Angeles-based sibling Defamer, relies on the online public's thirst for cattiness. But a third Gawker Media blog, Valleywag, which covers the fetes and foibles of Web startups and tech giants in Silicon Valley, has overserved its clients, concluded [...]")('2006111', "Ann Curry of NBC is traveling with me, and she asked me a good question that I've been thinking about. It's why Muslims haven't been more outraged by the slaughter of hundreds of thousands of fellow-Muslims in Darfur and now Chad. It's important because it would make a tremendous difference if there were more rage [...]")('2006111', 'The war in Iraq takes center stage, for potential 2008 presidential candidates as hearings begin on the Hill.')('2006111', "To go along with the Tuesday column, there's a new video about Chadian peasants taking up bows and arrows in their own defense. Their skill with their weapons wasn't that impressive, but their courage was.")('2006111', "The Washington Post editorial page endorses Steny Hoyer for House majority leader, the No. 2 job in the House, and suggests that electing Hoyer's Pelosi-endorsed opponent, John Murtha of Pennsylvania, would be, er, the Murtha of all leadership mistakes (sorry, couldn't resist): Mr. Murtha has been a force against stronger ethics and lobbying rules. He [...]")('2006111', "Quinnipiac University has a new poll out that surveys New Yorkers about their mayor: New York City voters approve 72 – 20 percent of the job Mayor Michael Bloomberg is doing, but most voters don't think the Mayor will run for President; most wouldn't vote for him if he did and most don't think he [...]")('2006111', "Speculation about a potential acquisition of Sovereign Bancorp, the second-largest savings and loan in the United States, has pushed the company's share price higher in the last few days. There has also been a burst of bullish options trading. But there is plenty of skepticism regarding a takeover. One holder of Sovereign stock told Reuters [...]")('2006111', "Armed with Representative Nancy Pelosi's endorsement and one of the most credible anti-war positions in his caucus, Representative John P. Murtha is waging an uphill battle against Representative Steny H. Hoyer, the Democrats' current no. 2.")('2006111', 'You want to know how to keep people from skipping over TV ads with their TiVos? Make them as unforgettable as these.')('2006111', "Could the end be in sight for Deutsche Börse's merger hopes? Citing undisclosed sources, Reuters reported Tuesday the embattled German exchange is considering a withdrawal of its bid for Euronext, the pan-European exchange. Deutsche Börse has ruled out a higher bid, the only move analysts said would have trumped the offer from the NYSE Group [...]")('2006111', 'Here is a huge dose of irony from the academic world. "Rewriting History," a research paper that raised questions about the integrity of a widely used stock-research database, is being rewritten. Or, more specifically, retracted. The paper caused a stir when it suggested that I/B/E/S, a database of stock research by Wall Street analysts, had [...]')('2006111', 'The Carlyle Group has hurdled a major obstacle in its $220 million bid for a stake in a Chinese construction equipment maker, after a key government agency approved the deal, the Financial Times said. The agency, the state-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission, ruled that Carlyle could take a 50 percent stake in Xugong Construction [...]')('2006111', 'In the long, inglorious history of independent, bipartisan commissions, the Iraq Study Group (also known as the Baker-Hamilton commission) "may be near unique in that there is no obvious solution waiting to be imposed," writes Michael Kinsley, the American editor-at-large of The Guardian. "People actually hope that the graybeards will come up with something that [...]')('2006111', "Jimmy Siegel, Eliot Spitzer's adman, quoted in a profile today: If Eliot was worried about anything, it was that Republicans would use the 'temper' thing to make him look like a bully. So I said, let's take 'temper' and make it about 'passion.' Because people like passion. I framed it as, 'Let's bring some passion [...]")('2006111', 'In "Borat," Sacha Baron Cohen weaves together slapstick, virulent prejudice and fear of the Other into a tidy, offensive package.')('2006111', "For the second time in a generation, education officials are rethinking the teaching of math in American schools. The changes are being driven by students' lagging performance on international tests and mathematicians' warnings that more than a decade of so-called reform math has de-emphasized basic drills and memorization. What changes, if any, need to be [...]")('2006111', "While Google closed its $1.65 billion acquisition of the online video provider YouTube Tuesday, questions still remain for some industry watchers about the viability of so-called Web 2.0 companies like YouTube. Fortune's Adam Lashinsky, pondering whether the mania surrounding these new tech start-ups will lead to a crash similar to the dot.com debacle, argues that [...]")('2006111', 'George Miller, the director who shepherded Mel Gibson into your consciousness as "Mad Max," still has fond feelings for the star he unleashed, according to Risky Biz. "With all the turmoil and his brilliance, he\'s a sweet man," Mr. Miller says. "He\'s got his dark side, which is what gives him his charisma. There\'s a [...]')('2006111', 'The election of Jim Webb to Virginia\'s U.S. Senate seat over George Allen "is being hailed as part of a new wave of moderation and pragmatism sweeping the liberal party," writes Andrew Ferguson in his Bloomberg News column. "Yet Webb is neither a moderate nor a pragmatist: He\'s a radical and a populist." Ferguson repeats [...]')('2006111', 'Too early for predictions? Are you kidding? "The Queen," The Departed" and "Dreamgirls" all are shown proper love by Everything Oscar. And in case you are feeling less bold, you can always look into the less-distant future, to the Golden Globes, with The Envelope\'s Tom O\'Neil. That\'s the smart money so far, but as a [...]')('2006111', 'For those of you who want to be ready when "Dreamgirls," hits the landing strip, you might want to look past "The Producers" and "Chicago" for some historical context. A colleague who actually knows something about movies instead of just going to them, Dave Kehr touches on "Hungarian melancholy" and abstract impressionism on his way [...]')('2006111', 'A federal jury convicted Tom Noe, a rare-coin dealer and G.O.P. fundraiser, on 29 counts including theft, corruption and perjury as part of a scandal that contributed to the major losses by the Republican Party in Ohio last week.')('2006111', 'Several companies, including the UnitedHealth Group, reported Monday that they would delay filing quarterly financial reports while they sorted out issues related to the dating of stock options. Go to Article from Bloomberg News via The New York Times »')('2006111', "Washington Mutual of Seattle said Monday it had agreed to pay the financial services company Comerica $47 million to settle a lawsuit against Commercial Capital Bancorp. Washington Mutual, the nation's largest thrift, bought Commercial Capital in October. Go to Article from The Seattle Times »")('2006111', "Apple Computer on Monday said it had hired I.B.M.'s head lawyer Donald Rosenberg to take over as its new senior vice president and general counsel. Apple's general counsel post has been vacant since May, when Nancy Heinen abruptly stepped down without explanation. After her departure, Ms. Heinen reportedly hired a high-profile legal team to represent [...]")('2006111', 'The billionaire investor John C. Malone plans to start a film studio through his Starz cable television unit and expects to spend as much as $240 million a year on feature films. The studio, Overture Films, plans to distribute 8 to 12 live-action films a year, with budgets of $15 million to $20 million. The [...]')('2006111', 'Google, Yahoo and other Internet companies are asking the Securities and Exchange Commission to review fees that stock exchanges in the United States charge for market data, challenging a major source of income at the exchanges. NetCoalition.com, a Washington-based trade group whose members include Yahoo, IAC/Interactive and Google, will petition the S.E.C. today to halt [...]')('2006111', "Top executives from Lucent Technologies and Alcatel are set to testify before a House panel chaired by a lawmaker who questions the national security impact of the French company's acquisition of the former technology arm of AT&T. Go to Article from The Associated Press via The San Jose Mercury News »")('2006111', "The Securities and Exchange Commission expects to file more lawsuits aimed at hedge funds accused of illegal trading and violating their clients' trust, the agency's chief enforcer said on Monday. At the same time, a senior official at the New York Stock Exchange said that Wall Street's prime brokerages, which lend to hedge funds and [...]")('2006111', 'Richard A. Grasso, the former chairman of the New York Stock Exchange, asked a state appeals court on Monday to block a judge from ruling that he return as much as $112.2 million in compensation to the Big Board. The amount is "in excess of that which Mr. Grasso received for his eight years of [...]')('2006111', 'The back-to-back ousters of the heads of two marquee German companies, Deutsche Telekom and Volkswagen , show how treacherous life is becoming in this country for corporate bosses, caught between a new breed of aggressive investors and an old set of stubborn problems. On Monday, Deutsche Telekom named René Obermann to succeed Kai-Uwe Ricke, who [...]')('2006111', 'Onex expects a quick double on its biggest investment in the U.S. real estate sector after finding buyers for many of the apartment communities it snapped up as part of a $1.73 billion acquisition in March. The Canadian buyout firm teamed up with Morgan Stanley Real Estate to buy Town and Country R.E.I.T., which owns [...]')('2006111', "As Clear Channel's future hangs in the balance, The New York Times takes a look at the back story behind one of the bidders for the nation's largest radio broadcaster: It's an age-old tale of family business and school ties. More than six months ago, Paul J. Salem of Providence Equity Partners made a pitch [...]")('2006111', 'In an effort to expand marketing capabilities and further product development, Netronome Systems, a provider of hardware and software for network and security appliance developers, has raised $20 million in Series C funding. A new investor, the 3i Group, led the round, joined by another new investor, Tudor Investment, and existing investors Top Technology Ventures [...]')('2006111', 'Mascoma, a bio-tech start-up, has raised $30 million in a second round of funding that could help the company break out of the experimental stage. General Catalyst Partners and Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers led the round for the company, which genetically engineers microbes that can break down waste products like wood chips and leaves [...]')('2006111', "Bucking European and American trends, venture capital investments in Canadian technology companies dropped off in the third quarter as venture firms grew more cautious, committing larger amounts to fewer, more established companies. According to a report by Canada's Venture Capital & Private Equity Association and its research partner Thomson Financial, investment fell 32 percent to [...]")('2006111', 'For Silicon Valley venture capitalists eager to weaken the corporate governance law known as Sarbanes-Oxley, Representative Nancy Pelosi may prove a useful ally. This year, Ms. Pelosi, who will become the next speaker of the House of Representatives in January, has received more campaign money from partners at Kleiner Perkins Caulfield & Byers, than she [...]')('2006111', 'Brazilian firm Companhia Vale de Rio Docewill issue 10-year and 30-year notes to help finance its recent acquisition of the Canadian mining company Inco for 19 billion Canadian dollars ($16.7 billion). Go to Article from Canadian Press via The Globe and Mail »')('2006111', "The Pakistani government has unveiled plans to float its flagship oil exploration company in London as part of an ongoing sale of state assets. Next month's listing of shares in the country's Oil and Gas Development Company on the London Stock Exchange will be Pakistan's biggest-ever overseas share offering. Go to Article from The Telegraph [...]")('2006111', "Ocean Power Technologies, a builder of buoys that generate electricity, filed to raise up to $100 million in an initial public offering Monday, joining what's been a small parade of alternative-energy I.P.O.'s to emerge lately. Go to Article from MarketWatch »")('2006111', 'The British hedge fund manager Marshall Wace plans to raise as much as 1.5 billion euros ($1.9 billion) through an initial public offering in a bid to create the largest listed hedge fund in Europe. The London-based hedge-fund manager will sell shares of MW Tops, a closed-end investment company that will pursue a range of [...]')('2006111', "Goldman Sachs' Raanan A. Agus has worked hard to keep a low profile. But as the head of Goldman's principal strategies group, Mr. Agus is at the center of one of the firm's most lucrative and closely tracked businesses. As The New York Times reported on Tuesday, Mr. Agus oversees a group of the firm's [...]")('2006111', "A lot is riding on several big initial public offerings coming to market this week. In a pre-Thanksgiving rush, 11 initial public offerings are on deck this week, some of them from companies that are kings of their respective industries. Hertz, the world's largest rental-car agency, Nymex Holdings, the main energy marketplace in the United [...]")('2006111', 'Wachovia will provide full pay to employees on military leave throughout their active military service beginning Jan. 1. Previously, the bank provided full pay for up to 12 months. It currently has 63 employees on active military duty who are covered under the bank\'s military-leave policy. "Wachovia proudly supports the men and women who are [...]')('2006111', "On a global scale, Lloyds TSB has more women in top management than most banks. It is also the most profitable bank in Britain, with a 33 percent profit on average capital in 2005, according to statistics from The Banker. Of the FTSE 100 index of Britain's largest companies, the bank has the most female [...]")('2006111', 'A financial investor in the United States, Brandes Investment Partners, apparently cut its stake in the German car maker Volkswagen to less than 5 percent recently, The Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung reported. Go to Article from Reuters »')('2006111', 'The Philadelphia law firm of Drinker Biddle & Reath and a Chicago firm, Gardner Carton & Douglas, agreed on Monday to merge and form a firm with 650 lawyers. The combined firm, to be called Drinker Biddle & Reath, will have 12 offices, including Chicago, Los Angeles, New York, Philadelphia and Washington, in the United [...]')('2006111', "Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway has lowered its stake in the financial planning company Ameriprise Financial to 6 percent from 9.8 percent in March, a regulatory filing showed on Monday. Go to Article from Reuters »")('2006111', 'Cisco Systems has agreed to buy Greenfield Networks in a move designed to expand its ethernet lineup, the companies said Monday. Greenfield, a privately held company with 60 employees, develops semiconductors designed to improve ethernet packet processing for the so-called metro ethernet market. Go to Article from CNet News.com » Go to Article from VentureWire [...]')('2006111', "Sure, the timing's unfair. Eli Manning just happened to have one of his worst games as a pro, and Philip Rivers just happened to have the best performance of his career. But we didn't need to see Sunday's games to crack this case: Did Ernie Accorsi err by paying out picks for Eli when he [...]")('2006111', 'Gerhard Zeiler, the chief executive of the RTL Group, said on Monday that he was "not in talks with ITV plc at the moment." In his keynote speech at the European Media Leaders Summit in London on Monday, Mr. Zeiler brushed aside questions about RTL\'s interest in ITV as "speculation", but added that "a brand [...]')('2006111', 'European Union regulators on Monday waved through plans by Nokia and Siemens to combine their mobile network operations in a bid to compete with the market leader, Ericsson. Go to Article from The Associated Press via The San Jose Mercury News »')('2006111', 'The British life-insurance company Resolution admitted Monday that it could be taken over as it engages in talks about expanding its "zombie" fund business, life insurance funds that are closed to new business, the Guardian reported. "As part of this assessment Resolution confirms it is currently in very early discussions with various parties concerning a [...]')('2006111', "American Express is close to announcing that it will purchase a corporate payments management company, Harbor Payments, a move that will expand the credit card issuer's processing business, Reuters reported. Go to Article from Reuters »")('2006111', "Perella Weinberg Partners, the boutique investment bank that hung its shingle in June, has inked its first purchase. The firm, founded by Joseph R. Perella, a former vice chairman of Morgan Stanley and a dean of Wall Street's deal making world, is buying Kramer Capital Partners, an advisory firm that specializes in corporate restructuring. The [...]")('2006111', 'Anadarko Petroleum, one of the largest independent energy exploration and production companies in the United States, is selling its Genghis Khan discovery in the Gulf of Mexico for $1.35 billion to a consortium of rivals including BHP Billiton, the Australian mining company, Hess of the United States and Repsol YPF of Spain. Go to Article [...]')('2006111', 'Lackluster bidding for Tribune has sparked a debate within the founding family of the Los Angeles Times about whether to launch its own bid for the entire company, The Los Angeles Times reported. If Tribune ultimately is going to be sold in pieces, some members of the Chandler family reason that if there is money [...]')('2006111', "The sun is shining now, but many financial firms seem to be gearing up for a storm. The latest bellwether, as reported Tuesday in The New York Times, is Perella Weinberg Partners' decision to acquire Kramer Capital Partners, a small firm established last year by Michael Kramer, a restructuring whiz formerly with Greenhill & Company. [...]")('2006111', 'In this lesson, students research diseases associated with celebrities and then create an original television public service announcement that explains the disease and its human impact.')('2006111', "The alliance of Israel, its evangelical Christian supporters and President Bush has never been closer or more potent, writes David D. Kirkpatrick, leading some to speculate that theology may influence the administration's decisions. Do you think religious beliefs are shaping U.S. policy toward Israel and the Middle East? Related Article")('2006111', 'James F McManus Jr letter on November 7 article about Hubble Space Telescope suggests that land-based telescopes may be more economically feasible than maintaining telescope in space; drawing')('2006111', 'Correction of Nov 13 Business Day report about Perot Systems Corp setting up operations in Mexico; office will not do work for US government; all federal work is done in US')('2006111', 'Correction of Nov 4 article about presidential election in Tajikistan; NATO aircraft are allowed to refuel but NATO does not have base in country')('2006111', 'Photo of demolition of old air traffic control tower at Indianapolis International Airport')('2006111', "Sen Barack Obama will appear at World AIDS Day at megachurch pastor Rick Warren's Saddleback Church in Lake Forest, Calif; Obama adviser says they have 'continuing dialogue' (S)")('2006111', 'Gov Eliot Spitzer of New York says he hopes to enlist state lawmakers as partners in revamping gridlock-prone government; says problem is in system and not those who run it; calls Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver and Senate Majority Leader Joseph L Bruno individuals of good faith, but adds that he is prepared to negotiate directly with individual members of Legislature when appropriate: photo (M)')('2006111', 'Correction of Nov 12 obituary about Ruth S Morgenthau; she died Nov 41')('2006111', 'Correction of Nov 10 article about Mass legislative maneuvers that will likely kill constitutional amendment banning gay marriage; Marie J Parente, who wants referendum on issue, was defeated in primary, not general election')('2006111', 'Correction of Nov 11 article about development in Marina del Rey, Calif; marina was built by Los Angeles County with help from state and federal money')('2006111', 'Silvano Cassano, chief executive of Italian clothes maker Benetton, resigns; company expects to hire new chief executive, most likely from outside company (S)')('2006111', 'Joseph Barbarino is charged with murdering brother Vincent in Lodi, NJ, in 1972, when he was 15 and Vincent was six; authorities say he stabbed boy to death after he refused his sexual advances (S)')('2006111', 'Photo of Cubans in Florida after being dropped off by smuggler')('2006111', 'Dr Daren D Repishti letter on November 7 article about amputations describes several innovations and changes in medicine that should help doctors treat patients without performing needless amputations')('2006111', "Sen Mel Martinez is expected to be elected general chairman of Republican National Committee, making him first Hispanic leader of party; will be public face of party, raising money and helping to repair party's image (M)")('2006111', 'Leaders from variety of cultural and religious backgrounds announce United Nations initiative to resolve conflict between West and Muslim world, singling out Palestinian-Israeli conflict as primary source of deepening split; report calls for collective action on issues of education, youth and immigration; members of panel emphasize view that causes of tensions are primarily political, not religious; UN Sec Gen Kofi Annan will appoint representative to oversee follow-up of recommendations, which he warns, will have little impact if Muslims in violent places continue to perceive their situation merely as case of being victims by non-Muslims (M)')('2006111', 'Officials in Georgian province of South Ossetia say 99 percent of voters backed independence in referendum (S)')('2006111', 'Photo of New York Giants offensive tackle Luke Petitgout, latest Giant to sustain injury')('2006111', 'General Electric says its Indian unit is growing strongly and expects to post sales of $3 billion in 2008 and $8 billion by 2010, up from $1.7 billion to $1.8 billion this year (S)')('2006111', 'Q & A column discusses bugs that appear in flour, rice and cereals and gives ways to get rid of them; drawing (M)')('2006111', 'Two letters comment on Nov 11 John Tierney Op-Ed column about movie Borat; Jack Lebeau says buffoonery of Sacha Baron Cohen is really directed at America; Catherine Nesbit, mother of son adopted from Kazakhstan, says movie unfairly portrays Kazakhs')('2006111', 'Chart shows amounts spent in most expensive House and Senate races in midterm elections')('2006111', 'Correction of photo caption with Nov 13 article about relationship between Walt Disney Co and producer Jerry Bruckheimer; actress shown is Jorja Fox')('2006111', 'Political Memo examines position Sen John McCain has staked out for himself on Iraq; says he is virtually alone in calling for increase in American forces and suggests he is either taking principled stand or huge political gamble, as he has all but announced his intention to run for president; photo (M)')('2006111', 'Sixth pro-Syrian minister resigns from Lebanese government and remaining cabinet approves preliminary United Nations plan to try suspects connected with assassination of former Pres Rafik Hariri; Hezbollah threatens street demonstrations intended to bring down government; photo (S)')('2006111', 'New York City Civilian Complaint Review Board says it is illegal in most circumstances for police to confiscate police union cards, which are often shown by relatives and friends of officers to other officers to obtain leniency for infractions; Police Dept says that there is no policy of preferential treatment to people presenting union card (S)')('2006111', 'Pres Nursultan A Nazarbayev of Kazakhstan will close gambling businesses in all but two cities, Kapchagai and Shchuchinsk, beginning Jan 1, 2007; photo (S)')('2006111', "Judge William Blackburne is hearing case in London that pits Procrul Harum organist Matthew Fisher against singer Gary Brooker over copyrights and royalties for group's 1967 hit song A whiter Shade of Pale; photo (S)")('2006111', 'NBA will not take action against San Antonio Spurs player Bruce Bowen for defensive tactic that resulted in New York Knicks player Steve Francis spraining his ankle (S)')('2006111', "Supreme Court reinstates, in 5 to 4 ruling, death sentence that California jury imposed in 1982 that was twice overturned on appeal; holds that disputed instruction that appeals court found improperly constrained jury's discretion to consider mitigating factors in fact gave jurors adequate advice; defendant Fernando Belmontes wanted to present mitigating evidence about his record during earlier incarceration (M)")('2006111', 'Photo of dredging barge removing mud from Hudson River around Intrepid aircraft carrier off Pier 86 in New York Harbor; excessive mud prevented ship, which houses Intrepid Sea-Air-Space Museum, from being moved to dry dock for renovations')('2006111', 'Bill Chameides letter on November 7 article about paleoclimatology and global warming suggests that man is primary cause of current global warming crisis; Gabrielle Dreyfus letter says differing views presented are part of normal scientific debate not critical impass between two opposing groups')('2006111', 'Photo of dignitaries at groundbreaking for Martin Luther King Jr memorial on Mall in Washington')('2006111', 'Hamas and Fatah negotiators report general agreement for Mohammad Shbair, retired president of Islamic University in Gaza, to replace Hamas Prime Min Ismail Haniya as leader of unity government; still not clear is whether Hamas will make concessions needed to get Israel, US and Europe to resume aid and other financing; photo; Shbair is not Hamas member but university has close ties to group (M)')('2006111', "South Korea says that it will not join United States-led effort to intercept North Korean ships suspected of carrying unconventional weapons or related cargo, raising fresh doubts about Washington's drive to punish North for its nuclear test last month; South Korea has supported, but not joined, security program, fearing that inspecting North Korean ships by force could lead to military confrontation with North; loose coalition of countries that have joined effort have carried out naval exercises to practice for interdictions and few have already boarded ships; legality of intercepting ships in international waters remains unclear, even under United Nations Security Council resolution passed after North's test that calls on countries to inspect cargo in and out of North Korea (M)")('2006111', 'Senate Armed Services Committee is set to hold hearing on Iraq and Afghanistan; committee members include widely perceived front-runners for presidential nomination in both parties, Sens Hillary Rodham Clinton and John McCain; other members with interest in presidential race noted (S)')('2006111', 'Police shoot and wound man who allegedly fired 45-caliber machine pistol into air in Jamaica, Queens; witness does not corroborate police account (S)')('2006111', 'Gordon Landwirth letter calls for Pres Bush to intervene in Darfur to mitigate legacy of incompetence that war in Iraq has earned him (Nov 12 Nicholas D Kristof Op-Ed column)')('2006111', 'Steve Smith reviews performance of Phil Kline work John the Revelator at Winter Garden (M)')('2006111', "Prime Min Tony Blair says in annual foreign policy address in London that 'nature of battle' in Iraq has changed and Western strategy in Mideast must evolve, possibly to include 'new partnership' with Iran; accuses Iran of using pressure points in region to thwart Western diplomacy; rebuts notion that Iraq's turmoil stems from how Britain and US conducted occupation, saying violence there is not accidental, but intended by outside and inside extremists to provoke civil war; calls Israeli-Palestinian settlement core of broader peace efforts; charges Iran with helping most extreme elements and repeats call for West to offer Iran clear choice to help peace efforts; says British partnership with US and membership in European Union are both necessary (M)")('2006111', "Pres Bush meets with independent panel examining strategic options for Iraq and says later that while he is open to new ideas, those making suggestions must recognize that best military options depend on conditions on ground; reports 'good discussion' with panel led by James Baker and Lee Hamilton; Bush is under intense pressure to change course, from Democrats and senior Republicans like Sen John Warner, who says election results reflect Americans' deep concern with 'loss of life, loss of limb' and enormous expenditures; Sen Lindsey Graham 'adamantly' oppposes deadline; Sen Carl Levin, incoming Armed Services Committee chairman, accuses administration of ignoring obvious reality that US is deep in hole and should stop digging; committee to open hearings with testimony from Gen John Abizaid and Gen Peter Pace; photo of study group members Leon Panetta, William Perry, Edwin Meese, Charles Robb, Philip Zelikow and Sandra Day O'Connor (M)")('2006111', 'Vivien Schweitzer reviews performance by Brentano String Quartet at Zankel Hall; photo (M)')('2006111', 'Steve Smith reviews Teatro Grattacielo production of Riccardo Zandonai opera La Farsa Amorosa (M)')('2006111', 'New York Jets are 5-4, so far this season (S)')('2006111', "Health experts question why men continue to be at greater risk of early death from health conditions than women; Dr Demetrius J Porche, Louisiana State University's Health Sciences Center School of Nursing associate dean, discusses his work as editor of new quarterly American Journal of Men's Health and his dedication to providing better medical information for men; research shows that men are at medical disadvantage from moment of conception; behavior is thought to play role, but many suggest there are other elements involved in disparity; drawing; graph (L)")('2006111', 'European Union agrees to resume some political ties with Uzbekistan after Uzbek authorities agree to discuss violent suppression of uprising in Andijon in May 2005, in which hundreds of protesters were killed; economic and military sanctions will remain in place (S)')('2006111', 'Correction of Nov 10 article about leadership changes in Congress; Sen James Inhofe, who will be losing chairmanship of environment committee, has said it is hoax to suggest that human activity is cause of global warming; he does not dispute that earth is getting warmer')('2006111', 'Photo of coffee-bean fields on slopes of Paos Volcano in Costa Rica where 20th Sintercafe, conference addressing sustainable development of crop, is being held')('2006111', 'Photo of workers at American Musuem of Natural History in New York City moving restored Indian canoe')('2006111', 'NBC wins ratings for Sunday night with Sunday Night Football presentation of matchup between New York Giants and Chicago Bears (S)')('2006111', 'Correction of Nov 6 report about possible takeover of Vivendi; market share gains of its Universal Music Group unit explained')('2006111', 'Photo of Pres Bush with Israeli Prime Min Ehud Olmert at White House')('2006111', 'Mary Jo Olsen letter comments on Nov 12 Frank Rich Op-Ed column about election returns')('2006111', 'Correction of Nov 9 election summary; Nevada voters approved more restrictive of two proposals on smoking bans')('2006111', 'Brooklyn mother of two boys with medical problems receives help from New York Times Neediest Cases Fund and Brooklyn Bureau of Community Services; photo (M)')('2006111', 'Joe Girardi will announce around 65 New York Yankees games for YES Network next season; photo (M)')('2006111', 'Pres Bush and Israeli Prime Min Ehud Olmert meet at White House and warn Iran again to drop nuclear ambitions; Bush says he has not changed demand that Iranians verifiably suspend nuclear work prior to dialogue; Olmert says Iran threatens world, not just Israel; two meet as Prime Min Tony Blair gives foreign policy speech in London that suggests Iran could take role in stabilizing Iraq (M)')('2006111', 'Correction of Nov 12 Our Towns column about Conn Rep Christopher Shays; Nicholas Madaras was soldier from his district who was killed in Iraq')('2006111', "Seven letters comment on Iraq war; Jim Condren, prompted by Nov 13 article, calls for end to hostilities and withdrawal of troops; says reinstatement of draft would make nation less likely to go to war; Larry Shapiro says Democrats' call for troop withdrawal is shortsighted and will probably result in increased violence; Arthur Shaffer says Nov 12 editorial, calling for stabilization of Baghdad through increase in number of troops, is unrealistic; Craig Conley says issue is no longer how to restore order and eliminate violence, but how to contain it; Barbara J Miller scores Nov 12 David Brooks Op-Ed column for dismissing anguish that Bush administration has visited on Americans through war; Nancy D Rowles calls for those who started war to be sensitive to those who are fighting and have died; Jordan Glazer, prompted by Nov 12 article, says American democracy cannot be imposed; drawing")('2006111', 'Who should I run into in Chad today, but Mia Farrow! She is on a visit with the Save Darfur Coalition, and was passing through the Abeche airstrip at the same time I was. Mia has been a champion of the people of Darfur for a couple of years now. A few days earlier, I [...]')('2006111', "(Mark St. Amant is the author of Committed: Confessions of a Fantasy Football Junkie and Just Kick It: Tales of an Underdog, Over-Age, Out-of-Place Semi-Pro Football Player.) I wasn't even going to send in any entries this week. Even maniacally obsessed fantasy football enthusiasts need a week off. I'm down basking in the Florida sun [...]")('2006111', 'In late August of 1854, in London\'s crowded working-class neighborhood of Soho, a 5-month-old girl fell ill with cholera, and unleashed a chain of events that ultimately helped shape the world we live in today. The girl - known only as a "Baby Lewis" - lived with her parents, Sarah and Thomas Lewis, at 40 [...]')('2006111', "In the Thursday Styles section, Stephanie Rosenbloom writes about proxemics, the study of personal space and people's perception of it. Scientists who say Americans share behaviors to protect their personal space have recently found new evidence in the online world Second Life. The unwritten rules of personal space are so powerful, people even impose them [...]")('2006111', 'Blogtalk: Links')('2006111', 'James Carville is on the warpath - and his target is Howard Dean, the chairman of the Democratic National Committee.')('2006111', 'Halliburton rushes to sell KBR subsidiary despite British warning.')('2006111', 'Senator John McCain plans to file the required papers to form an exploratory committee for a presidential bid in 2008; former H.H.H. secretary, Tommy Thompson, says he will too.')('2006111', 'Among the freshmen Democratic members, who have the least amount of experience with the rivals, personal connections appear likely to be a decisive factor in their choice for majority leader.')('2006111', 'With two more races decided today, the totals are at 230 seats for the Democrats and 198 for the Republicans.')('2006111', "The recording industry is trying to get off on the right foot with Andrew Cuomo, New York's next attorney general, having been hounded by Eliot Spitzer. To wit, the Recording Industry Association of America Inc., donated $5,000 - the maximum allowed - to Mr. Cuomo's campaign the day before he won the election. [Search for [...]")('2006111', 'Almost every wine list compromises a little, it takes guts to ignore California so completely.')('2006111', "(The Samkon Gado Watch is a weekly look at the best players available in more than 50 percent of fantasy leagues.) There are those out there who probably believe that pseudo-pundits who write columns about waiver players just pick out names and hope to get lucky. That we don't really believe what we're saying. That [...]")('2006111', 'What is "market price"?')('2006111', "Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg sharply criticized the state Board of Elections todayfor the slow pace of updating antiquated voting machines. The issue is more than academic. The city and state stand to lose some or all of the $49 million in federal money they received for new machines (the city's share is nearly $19 million). [...]")('2006111', 'Eliot Spitzer, the governor-elect of New York state, was talking menswear. "We\'re not going back to the zoot suit or anything like that are we?" he asked, more or less rhetorically, as he toured the wood-paneled executive suite at the Hickey-Freeman factory in Rochester. Eliot Spitzer in September: not business-casual. (Richard Perry/The New York Times) [...]')('2006111', 'The vote on the proposal was 41-5.')('2006111', 'U.S. Airways is covering all its bases as it pursues the public-relations blitz for its $8 billion offer to take over Delta Airlines. The campaign even extends to the members of U.S. Airways\' frequent-flyer program members. The company e-mailed its Dividend Miles members, outlining the "enormous benefits" of a deal, including more routes, access to [...]')('2006111', "O.J. Simpson tells how he would have done it, if he'd done it.")('2006111', 'Readers respond to Thomas L. Friedman\'s Nov. 15 column, "Bring in the Green Cat." Sally Brown, Seattle: I am attending the national agronomy conference and heard the Deputy Secretary of Agriculture talk about the new world of bioenergy. He waxed about the wonders and explosive growth of corn based ethanol. I asked him about the [...]')('2006111', 'Tom Reynolds won re-election to the U.S. House in a tough race upstate -- but there are rumors he might not take his seat. His office says he will.')('2006111', "The tsunami that wasn't")('2006111', "Al Jazeera goes international with an English-language broadcast ... but most people won't see it in the United States.")('2006111', 'The City Council is poised to vote itself -- and the mayor -- a pay raise.')('2006111', '"The tidal wave of activity," in the private-equity business "has been beneficial for just about anyone who calls himself a private equity lawyer," writes Amy Kolz of The American Lawyer. That\'s more true for Simpson Thacher & Bartlett than for just about anyone else, as is made clear in Ms. Kolz\'s lengthy profile of the [...]')('2006111', 'A winner in the 2d Congressional in Connecticut. 91 votes.')('2006111', 'Q-Poll: Voters oppose Council pay raises, support current term limits.')('2006111', 'Three investors filed a class-action lawsuit Wednesday against some of the biggest buyout funds in the United States, accusing the firms of colluding to take companies private at below-value prices. The suit, which was filed in federal court in Manhattan, follows a similar Justice Department investigation into the practice in question, known as the club [...]')('2006111', "Game on: Hewlett-Packard's former chairwoman, Patricia C. Dunn, pleaded not guilty Wednesday in a California state court to conspiracy and fraud charges related to the controversial leak investigation at the company, her lawyer said. California's attorney general, William Lockyer, has charged Ms. Dunn and four others with illegally spying on Hewlett-Packard board members and several [...]")('2006111', 'For 15 years, Bill Miller, the manager of the Legg Mason Value Trust mutual fund, has beaten the market. But his success follows an interesting pattern. Two years ago, Money magazine\'s Jon Birger noted that if the calendar year ended in any month other than December, "there\'d be no streak." As Fortune magazine\'s managing editor, [...]')('2006111', "In most takeover tussles, shareholder support - or the lack thereof - is an important factor in whether a deal gets done. Because Delta Air Lines is in bankruptcy protection, however, it is the creditors who will emerge as power brokers as the carrier considers US Airways's $8 billion bid to acquire it. With Delta [...]")('2006111', 'Senator Trent Lott makes a comeback, squeaking by in a close vote for the post of minority whip in the 110th Congress.')('2006111', "RailAmerica, the largest short-line railroad operator in the nation, said Wednesday that it had agreed to be bought by an investment firm, the Fortress Investment Group, for about $640 million. Fortress will pay $16.35 a share, a 32 percent premium to the company's most recent trading price of $12.38 on the New York Stock Exchange. [...]")('2006111', "Forget about racing down the mountain, this year it's all about getting to the top. What are your strategies for avoiding long lift lines? Back to Article")('2006111', 'The new Siena New York Poll is out: For the first time in two years of such polls, a majority of the voters think New York State is on the right track. When asked whether New York State is on the right track or headed in the wrong direction, 52 percent of voters said the [...]')('2006111', "While regulators have focused their attention on more clearly separating investment banking and stock research, Breakingviews raises the question of whether Wall Street firms' money management and research units suffer from conflicts of interest as well. The subject of Lauren Silva's piece: Morgan Stanley's recent feud with The New York Times Company. Last week, Morgan [...]")('2006111', 'Is the next speaker of the House "politically tone-deaf"?')('2006111', "Is the airline industry finally headed toward its much-anticipated consolidation? US Airways' proposal to buy Delta Air Lines for $8 billion in cash and stock seemed to ignite such hopes on Wednesday, and shares of several airlines moved sharply higher in early trading. The increases suggested that other carriers, such as Jet Blue and AirTran [...]")('2006111', 'Even though he might help them make gains among Latinos, some conservatives are not too thrilled with the choice of Senator Mel Martinez to lead the Republican National Committee because of his stance on immigration.')('2006111', 'Jack Abramoff is off to the big house today.')('2006111', 'House Republicans withdrew a Vietnam trade bill.')('2006111', 'A minor wave in Japan, but tracking the Pacific tsunami continues with a system of buoys.')('2006111', 'An earthquake in the wee hours off the coast of Japan and Russia threatens to send a wave rippling in all directions.')('2006111', "How Tom DeLay's redistricting scheme in Texas backfired.")('2006111', 'The Vatican steps into the hot-button debate over Muslim veils in Western secular society -- an issue that has Europe in knots.')('2006111', "Wednesday's announcement that US Airways had offered $8 billion for Delta Air Lines came after months of correspondence betweem the two carriers' chief executives. The letters, filed Wednesday with regulators, are unfailingly polite, but they also make it clear that the two sides have very different views about the benefits of a potential deal. Below, [...]")('2006111', 'A word about the robust response to yesterday\'s long "Borat" rant from the Bagger. It was written in all sincerity - "Borat" not only made him squirm, it made him mad - but he got zero responses all day, and he\'d be lying if he said he was not disappointed. Then a call to the [...]')('2006111', '"Bobby," a fictional exploration of the day Senator Robert F. Kennedy died, is directed by Emilio Estevez and is the kind of movie people say nice things about because it takes important matters seriously, but which no one actually takes all that seriously because of its low budget, high-wattage execution. Everyone from Demi Moore to [...]')('2006111', 'There were back-to-back screenings yesterday, with "The Good German" coming in the afternoon. "The Good German," another collaboration between George Clooney and Stephen Soderbergh, shows the scramble for the wages of victory in postwar Europe. Others with more critical faculties than the Bagger will judge its overall effectiveness, but as a trained awards monkey, the [...]')('2006111', 'Madame Tussaud\'s in Las Vegas announced yesterday that a display of the wedding between Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie had been canceled, partly because it never happened and partly because Mr. Pitt\'s representative objected. "I personally found it a little odd that they were recreating a wedding that never really happened," says publicist Cindy Guagenti. [...]')('2006111', 'An independent financial analyst at the center of a fight between a Canadian insurer and United States hedge funds appeared in federal court Tuesday to face unrelated charges of stealing more than $5 million from a Greek magnate. The court appearance added an unexpected twist to a dispute that has involved accusations of spying, clandestine [...]')('2006111', 'He may look a little unkempt in "Borat," but Sacha Baron Cohen will be wielding good hair and a mean razor in his next role, that of the barber in Tim Burton\'s film version of "Sweeney Todd." No word yet on whether the he will do press only in the guise of Signor Adolfo Pirelli, [...]')('2006111', 'Franklin D. Raines, the former chief executive of Fannie Mae who was ousted two years ago in an accounting scandal, will receive $2.6 million under a deal disclosed Tuesday that largely resolves a pay dispute. Go to Article from The New York Times »')('2006111', 'Hollinger has lost its bid to extend a temporary freeze imposed on the assets of David Radler and his business interests. A Canadian judge ruled that Hollinger failed to show there was an imminent risk of "dissipation of assets," by Mr. Radler, Conrad Black\'s former right-hand man at Hollinger International. Go to Article from The [...]')('2006111', 'A top Russian environmental regulator suggested Tuesday that Russia could seek $10 billion to $20 billion in environmental damages and other losses it blames on a Royal Dutch Shell-led consortium involved in a liquefied natural gas project in the Far East. Go to Article from The International Herald Tribune »')('2006111', "The father and son duo at the top of BSkyB have got their broadband wires crossed, sparking a run on the satellite broadcaster's shares. The chairman, Rupert Murdoch, appeared to contradict the chief executive James Murdoch when he told analysts in Sydney that Sky's broadband roll-out would hit profits harder than the market expected. The [...]")('2006111', 'The former head of sales at CA, the software company, was sentenced to seven years in prison Tuesday for his role in a $2.2 billion accounting scandal. The executive, Stephen Richards, 41, pleaded guilty to conspiracy, securities fraud, perjury and obstruction of justice in April, just two weeks before his trial was scheduled to begin. [...]')('2006111', 'The city of San Diego settled fraud charges Tuesday with the Securities and Exchange Commission, the first time the commission has sanctioned a local government for misleading municipal bond markets about the condition of a public pension fund. The S.E.C. found that from 2002 to 2003, San Diego misled investors and credit rating agencies about [...]')('2006111', 'The Small Business Administration announced new rules yesterday intended to help small businesses obtain more federal contracts and to assure that contracts set aside for small businesses are not going to larger companies. Go to Article from The New York Times »')('2006111', 'Take your pick. Plenty of candidates. Which team has been the biggest disappointment this season? (In no particular order) Arizona (1-8) - We know they can\'t play. And now this, from the team\'s Web site: "During the Ring of Honor ceremony for Pat Tillman at halftime of Sunday\'s game against the Cowboys, the tribute that [...]')('2006111', "A federal judge has indefinitely postponed the trial of former employees of the accounting firm KPMG in a criminal tax shelter case, citing concerns that the defendants will not be able to pay their lawyers. The judge also hinted at sanctions against the prosecution for pressuring the firm to stop paying the defendants' legal fees. [...]")('2006111', "Randy Falco, the president of the NBC Universal Television Group, is in talks to leave his position as the No. 2 executive at the television group to take a senior operating role at AOL, Time Warner's Internet subsidiary, The New York Times reported. The move to shake up the top ranks of the two big [...]")('2006111', 'Caxton-Iseman Capital, a New York investment firm, will acquire Valley National Gases for $312 million and take it private, it was announced Tuesday. Valley National Gases is a supplier of industrial, medical and specialty gases and related equipment and is based in Washington, Penn. Go to Article from Pittsburgh Business Times »')('2006111', "The Australian retailer Coles Myer, which last month rejected a $14 billion bid from a private equity consortium, posted a weaker-than-expected 3.2 percent rise in first-quarter sales, sending its shares down more than 1 percent. The informal takeover offer, from a private equity consortium led by Kohlberg Kravis Roberts, would have been Australia's biggest corporate [...]")('2006111', 'Slide, a start-up that allows Web users to publish online slideshows of photos and other digital media, said on Tuesday it had received additional funding from two top Silicon Valley venture firms. The new round for Slide, started by Pay-Pal co-founder Max Levchin, was led by Mayfield Fund and includes investments from Khosla Ventures and [...]')('2006111', 'As Republican politicians return this week to Washington for the waning days of their rule of Capitol Hill, technology lobbyists are frantically pressing for last-minute legislation before Democrats take over next year. At the top of their list is a proposal to expand the number of H1-B visas, which are temporary visas designed for skilled [...]')('2006111', "News and information company Reuters Group has taken a stake in Web media syndication site Pluck and agreed to distribute blogs worldwide as part of its new media strategy. The wire service injected $7 million in the Austin, Texas-based company, which operates the world's biggest blog syndication network, in return for an undisclosed ownership stake. [...]")('2006111', "Major shareholders owning three-quarters of the Internet phone company Vonage Holdings are holding off on a regulatory step that would make it easier to sell their stock, which has fallen more than 60 percent since a high-profile initial public offering in May. The move may signal that Vonage's major investors believe the market price for [...]")('2006111', "Halliburton's KBR subsidiary delayed its initial public offering after reporting that its contract to manage a naval shipyard in Britain might be threatened. In an eleventh-hour objection, the British defense ministry told KBR executives that it wanted more time to evaluate how the offering would affect the company's financial ability to manage the Devonport Royal [...]")('2006111', "Another week, another bank bonus predication. Last week, reports rolled in forecasting a 42 percent jump for managing directors at top tier Wall Street banks and a 25 percent jump in bonuses for top performing bankers in London's financial district, The City. Now a forecast from recruiting firm Armstrong International says that London bankers at [...]")('2006111', 'A former long-time employee of Deutsche Bank accused of stealing more than $13 million from the company has been indicted on one count of bank fraud, United States authorities said on Tuesday. The former employee, John Quinn, who worked as an assistant vice president in a New Jersey office of Deutsche Bank, faces up to [...]')('2006111', "In what could amount to a clash of the titans, a group of the world's biggest investment banks will on Wednesday announce plans to build a platform for trading the shares of Europe's biggest companies in an effort to go head-to-head with the region's stock exchanges. Citigroup, Credit Suisse, Deutsche Bank, Goldman Sachs, Merrill Lynch, [...]")('2006111', "In the wake of Citigroup's deal to buy the naming rights to the new stadium that will be home to The New York Mets, The New York Times's Floyd Norris warns of what he calls the curse of the ball field. If it holds, he says, Citigroup stock is going to underperform for years to [...]")('2006111', 'The cell phone maker Motorola said Tuesday it is buying Netopia, which provides DSL gear and routing equipment to telecommunications companies, for $7 a share, or $208 million. Motorola has been on a buying spree lately; on Monday the company announced its purchase of Good Technology, a provider of wireless e-mail products, as it seeks [...]')('2006111', "Barrick Gold, the world's largest producer of the precious metal, has made a 250 million pound ($472 million) takeover bid for European Goldfields, The Times of London reported. The British newspaper said that the offer was one of several that European Goldfields, which is listed in London, has received in recent months. European Goldfields is [...]")('2006111', 'Carlos Ghosn, the chief executive of carmakers Renault and Nissan, said Tuesday he is still open to a North American partner after a proposed deal with General Motors fell through last month. "An extension of the present alliance to a North American partner would make sense," Mr. Ghosn said, speaking to CNBC. "We are not [...]')('2006111', 'Giuliani the candidate, Giuliani the brand.')('2006111', "Warren E. Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway, shuffling its investments in consumer-oriented stocks, said Tuesday that it had raised its holdings in Lowe's and Nike, but may have reduced its stakes in Anheuser-Busch and Target. Go to Article from Reuters »")('2006111', "YouTube just can't seem to get Mark Cuban off its back. The billionaire entrepreneur, and one of YouTube's most outspoken critics, has expressed interest in buying a news organization that has filed a lawsuit against the video-sharing company. And, in a somewhat embarrassing setback, YouTube's owner, Google, announced that it has set aside cash to [...]")('2006111', "Vodafone, the world's biggest mobile phone operator, surprised investors yesterday by signaling an interest in buying a rival 3, in a return to a more adventurous acquisition strategy, The Times of London reported. Arun Sarin, the chief executive, who has recently adopted a cautious approach to new acquisitions, said that if 3's European assets went [...]")('2006111', 'Does Carl C. Icahn have another company in his crosshairs? The billionaire investor disclosed that he had acquired a 2.4 percent stake in Cyberonics, a medical device maker that is being investigated by the Securities and Exchange Commission over its handling of stock option grants. Mr. Icahn may be getting restless after winning his bid [...]')('2006111', "A British real estate owner and developer, Derwent Valley Holdings, has agreed to acquire a rival, London Merchant Securities, for 1.5 billion pounds ($2.9 billion) including assumed debt to gain more property in London's thriving West End and City neighborhoods. Go to Article from The Daily Deal »")('2006111', "Banche Popolari Unite SCARL is buying Banca Lombarda e Piemontese in a 6.2 billion euro ($7.9 billion) stock deal to create Italy's sixth-largest bank by assets, accelerating the consolidation of the nation's fragmented banking sector. Go to Article from the Associated Press via The Washington Post »")('2006111', "Several investment companies that are among Tribune's largest shareholders bought more of the stock in the third quarter, betting on a higher share price for the beleaguered media company, financial reports show. Go to Article from the Los Angeles Times »")('2006111', 'Suez and Gaz de France won European Union approval Tuesday for their 42.1 billion euro ($53.8 billion) merger, creating one of the largest utilities in Europe and maintaining national control of the French power market. Suez and Gaz de France got the go-ahead for the $54 billion deal after they agreed to give up control [...]')('2006111', 'Deutsche Borse dropped its bid for Euronext and said on Wednesday a deal that would have been supported by both sides was no longer feasible, clearing the way for a rival bid from the New York Stock Exchange operator NYSE Group. Deutsche Borse said in a brief statement it would "stop all preparatory steps including [...]')('2006111', 'US Airways said Wednesday it had offered to merge with Delta Air Lines, currently operating under bankruptcy protection, in an $8 billion cash and stock transaction. The combined company would keep the Delta name and become the largest airline across the Atlantic, US Airways said. US Airways is offering $4 billion in cash and $4 [...]')('2006111', 'In this lesson, students learn about a United Nations initiative to create the Alliance of Civilizations to resolve conflict between the East and West. They then discuss and dismantle a number of misconceptions about the Muslim world.')('2006111', "(James Alder is the football guide for About.com) The Colts are the only team in league history to open back-to-back seasons with nine consecutive wins. So, of course, they remain in the driver's seat for another week, but at some point, someone is going to take advantage of their porous run defense and pin them [...]")('2006111', 'Anita Gates reviews Daniel Algie play Home Front, directed by E Randahl Hoey; Joseph Jamrog, Anthony Duke Claus and Christy Pusz star (M)')('2006111', 'Three environmental groups, Friends of the Earth, Greenpeace and Center for Biological Diversity, file federal lawsuit in San Francisco, accusing Bush administration of failing to submit national report on climate change to Congress, as required by law (S)')('2006111', 'Correction of Nov 14 article about Raanan A Agus of Goldman Sachs; rabbi quoted is Haskel Lookstein')('2006111', "South African parliament votes resoundingly to legalize same-sex marriages, making nation first in Africa and fifth in world to remove legal barriers to them; nation's highest court ruled last December that South Africa's marriage statute violated Constitution's guarantee of equal rights; court gave government year to alter legal definition of marriage; proposal says heterosexual and same-sex couples can register marriages or civil partnerships; in concession to critics, law allows civil officers to refuse to marry same-sex couples if such marriages conflict with their conscience; Melanie Judge, program manager for gay rights advocacy group, credits South Africa's liberal Constitution with forcing change (M)")('2006111', 'Photo of Arizona Diamondbacks pitcher Brandon Webb, who won National League Cy Young award')('2006111', 'Photo of New York Mets pitcher Orlando Hernandez, who was re-signed to two-year contract')('2006111', 'Pairings column offers recipe for rolls to add whole grains to Thanksgiving dinner; recipe can be tailored to type of wine selected (M)')('2006111', 'Hot Spots offers gadget to simplify trussing poultry; photo (S)')('2006111', 'Arizona Diamondbacks pitcher Brandon Webb wins National League Cy Young award; photos (M)')('2006111', 'Week of NFL games discussed; photos (M)')('2006111', "Letter from Maine Department of Conservation Comr Patrick K McGowan defends state's public land ownership policies (Nov 7 article)")('2006111', "Sen Joseph Lieberman gets warm reception and hugs from Democratic caucus members just three months after losing Connecticut primary and being deserted by longtime allies who endorsed party nominee Ned Lamont; newly self-styled Independent Democrat gets standing ovation as incoming majority leader Harry Reid declares 'We're all family'; photos; Lieberman won re-election without help of Democrats like fellow Connecticut Democrat Christopher Dodd; Republican Susan Collins, his longtime close friend, says it is clear that Democats need him now more than he needs them, given slim 51-to-49 majority; Mary Landrieu, who did back Lieberman, and others acknowledge continuing strains (M)")('2006111', 'Photo of Velux 5 Oceans around-the-world race')('2006111', "Mayor Ken Livingstone announces that congestion charge fee for vehicles entering central London that produce highest carbon emissions will rise from $15 per day to $47 by 2009; fees would affect mainly trucks, large cars and SUV's (S)")('2006111', 'CBS wins ratings for Monday night; NBC is No 1 among viewers age 18 to 49; photo (S)')('2006111', "Photo of New York Rangers's win against New Jersey Devils")('2006111', 'Photo from special performance to celebrate 10th year anniversary of revival of Chicago on Braodway')('2006111', 'Paul James earns his general equivalency diploma and help with rent through Brooklyn Bureau of Community Service, beneficiary agency of New York Times Neediest Cases Fund; photo (M)')('2006111', 'Correction of Nov 11 article about former Rep J C Watt Jr, who has turned lobbying work into business deals; he did not become sole black Republican in House until after Gary Franks lost seat in 1997')('2006111', 'Mark Bittman The Minimalist column offers recipes for variety of dressings and stuffings for Thanksgiving turkey; photo (M)')('2006111', 'Photo of reflection of New York City landscape off glass facade of building')('2006111', 'Lard and four other fats are compared in effort to achieve perfect pie crust for Thanksgiving dinner; recipes; photos (M)')('2006111', 'New York Mets re-sign pitcher Orlando Hernandez to two-year contract; photo (M)')('2006111', 'Correction of picture caption with Nov 14 article about Iraq study group; consultant Chris Kojm, not Philip Zelikow, is shown')('2006111', 'Wadsworth Atheneum Museum of Art, Hartford, Conn, mounts exhibition on African-American culinary tradition; drawing (S)')('2006111', "Iraq Study Group, bipartisan commission examining strategic options for Iraq, interviews Prime Min Tony Blair by video link, former Pres Bill Clinton and four members of his administration, Madeleine K Albright, Warren Christopher, Richard C Holbrooke and Samuel R Berger; anonymous British official says Blair reiterates in interview that Western strategy in Middle East must 'evolve', possibly to include partnership with Iran; says that key to region's problems is settlement between Israel and Palestinians, that western countries should press Iran and Syria to make choice between cooperating in regional diplomacy or isolation (M)")('2006111', 'Photo of conservator Peter R Nelson cleaning Howard Chandler Christy painting Scene at the Signing of the Constitution')('2006111', "Correction of photo caption with Nov 11 obituary about actor Jack Palance; his 1957 Emmy and Ed Wynn's role in Requiem for a Heavyweight noted")('2006111', 'Adding corn to dish imparts texture, sweetness and juiciness; recipes for several side dishes (M)')('2006111', "Three letters comment on Nov 14 article about Pres Bush's meeting with Iraq Study Group; Alan Safron says Pres Bush needs reminding that election was mandate by electorate on his Iraq war policy; Barrett Z Gross contends Bush is not open to change on Iraq and remains in denial about his failure; Raina Denmark says Iraq Study Group leader James Baker should advise Bush to set appropriate priorities on Iraq")('2006111', 'Photo from performance by Panic] at the Disco at Theater at Madison Square Garden')('2006111', 'Photo of new House members posing on Capitol steps during orientation')('2006111', 'Seven letters comment on Nov 11 article in Troubled Children series; Nancy Bruni, whose daughter struggles with depression, says most important thing for family is to avoid pitfall of denial; Dr David Fassler, child and adolescent psychiatrist, cites encouraging advances in identifying and treating disorders in young people, but calls for further research and elimination of discriminatory insurance policies that limit access to treatment; Dr Charles Goodstein, chairman of Section on Child and Adolescent Psychoanalysis at NYU, praises article for emphasizing individuality of each patient and complexity of diagnosing; Dr Sidney J Blatt, professor of psychiatry and psychology at Yale, says child portrayed in article is example of why it is better to pay attention to early symptoms than to wait until severe defensive reactions are established; Dr Ellen Luborsky, clinical psychologist, warns that by focusing on symptoms alone, rather than on patient, mental health community contributes to disconnect between inner world and outer behavior; Chris Hudson contends troubled society contributes to troubled children; Felicia Nimue Ackerman holds symptoms cited describe normal behavior, not mental illness; drawing')('2006111', 'Gregory J Shibley letter praises Judith Warner Op-Ed article on approach of new Congress to women and families (Nov 11)')('2006111', 'Federal Bureau of Investigation has no update on Goya painting stolen on way to exhibition at Guggenheim Museum in New York City (S)')('2006111', "Correction of Nov 1 article about increase in San Francisco taxi fares and Nov 3 report about taxi drivers' lawsuit; United Taxicab Workers is association sponsored by Communications Workers of America, but not a union")('2006111', 'Joel Conarroe letter bemoans plan to have cellular telephone service in New York subways (Nov 9 article)')('2006111', 'Ranjit Barot letter says No 14 article about suicide bombings in Afghanistan gives credence to argument that real fight against terrorism lies in Pakistan')('2006111', 'Traditional Thanksgiving menu is often filled with soft textures and rich, bland flavors; recipes for vegetables with some texture and zest; photos (M)')('2006111', 'Correction of On the Road column Nov 14; byliner is Joe Sharkey')('2006111', 'Photo of New York City police officers modeling new bulletproof vests for force')('2006111', 'London NYC Hotel in Manhattan kitchen has been reconfigured to accommodate new celebrity chef Gordon Ramsay; Art Deco restaurant is set to open shortly; photo (S)')('2006111', 'Danny Hakim writes on Friday that New York Governor-elect Eliot Spitzer will almost certainly try to seek the ouster of Comptroller Alan Hevesi, also a Democrat. Mr. Hevesi was re-elected last week despite the emergence of a scandal about his use of a state employee as a chauffer for his wife. With recent ethics scandals [...]')('2006111', "After he becomes governor in January, Eliot Spitzer will almost certainly ask the State Senate to remove Comptroller Alan G. Hevesi from office, Danny Hakim of The Times reports tonight. That is according to people involved in Mr. Spitzer's discussions, who spoke on the condition of anonymity because the governor-elect has not made a final [...]")('2006111', "The good news for women last week didn't end with their gains in the House and Senate, or with South Dakota voters' rejection of a draconian ban on abortion. In Kansas, an attorney general who sought to obtain the medical records of women who'd had abortions was ousted. And in California, voters rejected a ballot [...]")('2006111', 'My wife and I, both 73, were ousted from our preassigned seats in the emergency exit row when we checked in for an American Airlines flight from Buenos Aires to Miami because we are "seniors." I am an M.D. and we are both in top shape - we exercise, lift weights three times a week [...]')('2006111', 'Tell us where you like to ski. Back to the Travel Section')('2006111', 'James Bond foils a nefarious short seller.')('2006111', "With our fantasy football columnist Mark St. Amant soaking up the Florida sun while on vacation, we're bringing in a substitute for the weekly picks. Adhering to Herm Edwards's philosophy, we promise that Mark won't lose his starting job if he gets hurt. BY JOHN McFARLAND/The Associated Press If you're eyeballing an obscure receiver such [...]")('2006111', '(Compiled by Naila Jean-Meyers, Benjamin Hoffman, John Woods, Andrew Das and Toni Monkovic) Taking Turns in Indianapolis After he had 10 receptions for 138 yards and 3 touchdowns against Denver in Week 8, Indianapolis receiver Reggie Wayne, mindful of the Colts receivers\' competitiveness and Peyton Manning\'s concern for keeping everyone involved, told Sports Illustrated: "Here\'s [...]')('2006111', "I lost a fantasy matchup on Monday and won it on Wednesday. Maybe you did, too. Yesterday, the Elias Sports Bureau officially changed a touchdown by Eagles running back Correll Buckhalter in Sunday's game against Washington. The ruling: Reggie Brown did not have possession of the ball and, therefore, did not fumble. It is now [...]")('2006111', 'Howard Wolfson talks about Hillary in 2008, abortion politics and the House leadership fight. Plus: Video of Chuck Schumer trying humor on the Bill Maher program. [Capitol Confidential.] Bob Shrum, adviser to many a presidential loser, says there\'s no way Mike Bloomberg could be elected president as an independent. [The Politicker.] About that "who lost [...]')('2006111', 'Senator John McCain chooses two conservative audiences to give speeches that are being watched as harbingers of his venture into the 2008 presidential campaign.')('2006111', 'The Blue Dog Democrats back Californian Jane Harman to head the House Intelligence committee.')('2006111', "Max Burns declined a recount and conceded today to Representative John Barrow, one of the few at-risk Democrats, in Georgia's 12th Congressional District.")('2006111', "Former Mayor Rudy Giuliani's new campaign exploratory committee for 2008 will be required to disclose donors and expenditures, his former treasurer says.")('2006111', "Former Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani met this week with a group of about 30 supporters who could form the core of a national network of fund-raisers should he decide to run for president, according to the finance chairman of Mr. Giuliani's new committee to explore a White House run. The finance chairman, Roy W. Bailey, [...]")('2006111', 'After inspiring thousands to speak ersatz Kazakh - over and over again - and driving his government to defend itself in a four-page newspaper ad, intrepid faux-reporter Borat Sagdiyev may have spread his influence to the economics of Hollywood. The Financial Times reported that 20th Century Fox is about to announce a $520 million partnership [...]')('2006111', 'Rep. Sue Kelly concedes the math: Democrat John Hall won.')('2006111', 'Blog reaction to the Spitzer transition team.')('2006111', 'Readers respond to David Brooks\'s Nov. 16 column, "The Heyday of Snobbery." Robert Watson, Kew Gardens, N.Y.: Sacha Baron Cohen understands that when you are telling socially insecure audiences they are superior to their fellow citizens, there is no need to be subtle. He also understands that any hint of actually questioning the cultural suppositions [...]')('2006111', 'Readers respond to Bob Herbert\'s Nov. 16 column, "A Story of Struggle and Hope." Paula Capps Sarathy, New York and Searcy, Ark.: My niece Olivia, a grade-schooler working on a history project, was able to meet with Elizabeth Eckford a few years ago to learn from her about the integration of Central High School. Ms. [...]')('2006111', 'The death tolls rise from the stroms in the North Carolina. Many of the dead were in mobile homes...')('2006111', 'Press Conferences 101.')('2006111', "(Fred Meyer is the sports editor at About.com and the fantasy football defense columnist at Rotowire.com) It's T-shirt warm in the Northeast. Football weather! Check that. It may not seem like November, but it is. Starting Sunday, there's N.F.L. football on five of nine days. The constant crunching of QBs will be the very sweetest [...]")('2006111', 'Of all the problems hedge funds face today - increased government scrutiny, declining returns for some - this is perhaps the strangest problem to have: running short of talent. Chalk it up to their success. According to Financial News Online, so much capital has flown in that managers cannot find enough savvy employees to maintain [...]')('2006111', 'Those who want to divine future buyouts may need to add another show to their regular dose of CNBC: "The Colbert Report." The Deal\'s Dealscape blog points out that on Tuesday, the same day it was reported that Timberland, the hiking-boot company, might put itself up for sale, Chief Executive Jeffrey Swartz made an appearance [...]')('2006111', 'Eliot Spitzer has announced a baker\'s dozen policy committees of "leading experts and thought leaders" to help with his transition. [Complete list.]')('2006111', "The nation's largest network of radio stations, Clear Channel Communications, agreed Thursday morning to be bought for $18.7 billion, in a deal that may test private equity's seemingly insatiable appetite for media properties. A consortium that includes Thomas H. Lee Partners and Bain Capital won the bidding with a $37.60-a-share offer, beating out a rival [...]")('2006111', 'The success or failure of CW, the rerun-laden television network that was formed by combining Time Warner\'s The WB and CBS\'s UPN, could play a big role in determining the fate of Tribune\'s efforts to sell all or part of itself. "Of all the times over the last ten years or so" to be selling [...]')('2006111', 'Nick Spano concedes in Westchester State Senate race.')('2006111', 'Milton Friedman dies')('2006111', 'I wrote about the amazing seatback electronics I found on an Air Canada flight, and a number of you were shocked - SHOCKED - at my ignorance.')('2006111', 'A week of comebacks ... news quiz.')('2006111', "That doesn't mean he's running.")('2006111', 'House Democrats choose Nancy Pelosi, as speaker, but reject her choice, Jack Murtha, and instead select Steny Hoyer as the majority leader.')('2006111', 'Hearing loss from portable music players could be a market bubble')('2006111', "It's taken just days for Nancy Pelosi to paint her party into a corner.")('2006111', 'It may take Richard A. Grasso a little while to return a large portion of the millions of dollars he took home when he was head of the New York Stock Exchange, as a state court judge ordered last month. But Eliot Spitzer, the outgoing New York attorney general (and incoming New York governor), said [...]')('2006111', "Reader's Digest was not fashionable, but its investors did better than it first appears.")('2006111', 'Shock and disbelief at the return of Trent Lott.')('2006111', "Ezra Klein is intrigued by a paragraph in Virginia's Senator-Elect Jim Webb's Wednesday op-ed piece in The Wall Street Journal on the class system created by income inequality in the United States. Webb wrote: Still others have gone so far as to argue that these divisions are the natural results of a competitive society. Furthermore, [...]")('2006111', "Another Republican has announced that he's in: Tommy Thompson.")('2006111', 'The Pope holds summit on marrying priests')('2006111', "By ousting KB Home's chief executive, Bruce Karatz, over inflated stock option awards, the Los Angeles company's board instantly made the executive a high-profile potential target for federal prosecutors, legal experts told The Los Angeles Times. As the head of a business with $10 billion in annual sales, Mr. Karatz automatically would present a higher [...]")('2006111', "President Bush is set to renominate six federal appeals judges even though Democrats have already nixed at least four of them, and no one really understands why he's bothering.")('2006111', '"I can\'t believe they are self-destructing before they even get started," said Representative Ray LaHood, Republican of Illinois. "Everyone on our side is giddy."')('2006111', 'The official list of the new pecking order include some familiar names.')('2006111', "Kate Zernike reports today that Senator Joe Lieberman played the hawk at the first post-election hearing on the Iraq war. And Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton told the generals: Hope is not a strategy. Hortatory talk about what the Iraqi government must do is getting old. I have heard over and over again, 'The government must [...]")('2006111', 'The Great American Smokeout is 30 years old ... or is it?')('2006111', 'Journalists, moral and ethical eunuchs that we are, tend to root for whatever story creates a nice running narrative to keep our beat juicy. So, while the Bagger was pleased that "Dreamgirls," which he saw last night, lived up to the awards hype, he was freaked that so many of the important Oscar categories seemed [...]')('2006111', "The publisher of Reader's Digest, the pocket-sized general-interest magazine, will be acquired for $2.4 billion, including debt, by a consortium led by the private equity firm Ripplewood Holdings. Reader's Digest Association's board approved the offer, in which the investor group will pay $17 a share, a 9.6 percent premium over the closing price Wedneday of [...]")('2006111', 'Why are so many of the women the Bagger knows going weak-kneed and doe-eyed over Daniel Craig, the new Bond in "Casino Royale"? To the Bagger\'s eye, he has a face made out of potatoes - although the rest of him seems to be made out of titanium - but women find his dark mien, [...]')('2006111', 'The manufacturing and services conglomerate Tyco International posted a 38 percent increase in quarterly profit yesterday but forecast a charge of $171 million to account for errors it said it had found in its stock options grants. Tyco also said it plans to restate results from 1999 to 2002 to reflect additional expenses for stock-based [...]')('2006111', "Prosecutors charged Volkswagen's former personnel director, Peter Hartz, with 44 counts of breach of trust on Wednesday in connection with a corruption scandal involving the company's works council. Go to Article from The Associated Press via The International Herald Tribune »")('2006111', "The music label EMI has given warning that it may refuse to strike a licensing deal with YouTube because it was not yet convinced that the video-sharing Website could respect its artists' copyrights. Go to Article from The Times of London »")('2006111', 'Federal law enforcement officials seized documents from a broker and subpoenaed at least one insurance company in a criminal investigation by the Justice Department into whether banks and financial firms conspired to rig bids for investment deals with local governments. Go to Article from Bloomberg News »')('2006111', 'The European Commission has threatened Microsoft with daily fines of 3 million euros ($5.7 million) if it does not provide certain information that would allow rival software developers to make their programs work smoothly with Windows. Go to Article from The New York Times »')('2006111', 'Auditors gave the financial statements of the Securities and Exchange Commission a clean bill of health, a sign that the market watchdog has taken steps to fix problems that prompted a lawmaker last year to chide the agency for what he called "hypocrisy." After poring over the S.E.C.\'s books for the fiscal year ended in [...]')('2006111', 'Dell said Wednesday that the Securities and Exchange Commission had started a formal investigation into its accounting practices, but provided no other details of the inquiry, which began in August. As a result, the computer company said it was delaying the release of its third-quarter financial results until the end of the month. It had [...]')('2006111', "Richard A. Causey, the last of the top Enron executives to learn his punishment, was sentenced Wednesday to five and a half years in prison for his role in the corporate accounting scandal. Mr. Causey, the company's former chief accounting officer, pleaded guilty in December to securities fraud, two weeks before he was to be tried along with the founder of Enron, Kenneth L. Lay, and the former chief executive, Jeffrey K. Skilling, on conspiracy, fraud and other charges related to the company's collapse.")('2006111', "(Are you now - or have you ever been - a Canadian?) Welcome to the kickoff of our Grey Cup coverage. We're practicing for the hype we'll spew before the Super Bowl by trying to manufacture interest in Canada's big game. We'll supply you with the basic preview information in the next few days. Your [...]")('2006111', 'A former senior partner at the law firm of Greenberg Traurig has formally resigned from the New York bar after admitting that he took $1.3 million in kickbacks for steering wealthy clients, including the current head of the Metropolitan Transportation Authority, to questionable tax shelters. The lawyer, Jay I. Gordon, is the former chairman of [...]')('2006111', "It has not been a good week for Jonathan F. Miller, who until yesterday was the head of Time Warner's AOL division. In a move that caught Mr. Miller off guard, Time Warner switched chiefs at AOL yesterday, naming Randy Falco, the No. 2 executive at the NBC Universal Television Group, as chairman and chief [...]")('2006111', 'Apax Partners Worldwide said Wednesday that had it sold its 71 percent stake in British publisher the Stationery Office to the German postal services and logistics group Deutsche Post for an undisclosed price. Go to Article from The Daily Deal »')('2006111', "The Carlyle Group, the private equity giant that manages more than $40 billion, plans to double its investments in China within five years, Carlyle's co-founder, David Rubenstein, said. Carlyle currently has raised about $5.8 billion for investing in Asia, including $4.5 billion in two Chinese buyout funds and $1 billion in three venture capital growth [...]")('2006111', 'How much did he get? At most investment banks, Janaury is a time of endless speculation about the size of the year-end bonuses doled out to colleagues. Not for managing directors at Greenhill & Company, however. Scott Bok, the president of the New York-based bank, told attendees at the Reuters Investment Banking Summit this week [...]')('2006111', "A South Korean court issued warrants to detain two senior executives of the private equity fund Lone Star Funds on Thursday, the latest twist in a nine-month investigation that is likely to further delay one of the country's biggest takeovers. The court ruling came a day after the Supreme Prosecutors' Office submitted its third request [...]")('2006111', 'The outcome of the Clear Channel Communications auction may be known as early as today. Two rival consortiums scrambled late last night to assemble new bids for Clear Channel, the radio giant, after its board pushed them to raise their offers to more than $18 billion, according to The New York Times. The investor groups, [...]')('2006111', 'SeeSaw Networks has raised $10 million in Series A financing to launch its digital advertising service. Backed by Palo Alto, Calif.-based Sutter Hill Ventures, SeeSaw Networks focuses on so-called "out-of-home" digital media, which includes digital advertising platforms such as digital displays in retail outlets, bars, restaurants and college campuses. Go to Article from VentureWire Professional [...]')('2006111', 'The much-discussed initial public offering of Hertz Global Holdings fell a bit short of expectations, as it priced late Wednesday below its estimated range. The rental car company, which a group of private equity firms bought less than a year ago from Ford Motor, sold 88.2 million shares at $15 each, raising about $1.32 billion. [...]')('2006111', 'Mobile search start-up Medio Systems of Seattle has scored $30 million in venture capital financing to develop new products, add sales staff and expand globally. Accel Partners led the round, with an existing investor, Mohr Davidow Ventures, and Frazier Technology Ventures and Trilogy Equity Partners participating. Go to Article from The Seattle Post-Intelligencer »')('2006111', "Blockbuster said Wednesday that it had reached a deal for exclusive United States rental rights to movies from the Weinstein Company, whose founders created the Miramax studio and sold it to Disney. The deal will keep all movies from Bob and Harvey Weinstein's new production company out of the hands of Netflix, the online service [...]")('2006111', "Constellation Energy Partners gained after pricing at the top of its range and Emergent Biosolutions struggled Wednesday as the two offerings provided an appetizer for three big-name I.P.O.'s later this week. Constellation Energy priced its initial public offering at $21 a share, the top of its $19-$21 range. The stock opened at $21.75 and rose [...]")('2006111', "Sterlite Industries, a unit of the Indian billionaire Anil Agarwal's Vedanta Resources, plans to raise 125 billion rupees ($2.8 billion) from overseas to pay for a new power plant. Sterlite, a copper producer, may sell convertible bonds and shares to investors in the United States. Go to Article from Bloomberg News »")('2006111', "Halliburton's KBR division will make its debut on the New York Stock Exchange this morning, marking the start of a process that is expected to separate the unit from the oil-field-services giant by early next year. KBR said late Wednesday it sold 27.8 million shares, or 17 percent of its stock, at $17 per share. [...]")('2006111', "Clara Furse, chief executive of the London Stock Exchange, is expected to meet the investment banks behind the idea of a rival share trading system to gauge their level of frustration with the current system. The LS.E.'s shares dropped the most in the FTSE 250 index Wednesday after seven investment banks revealed they intended to [...]")('2006111', 'Wachovia on Wednesday said it plans to shut about 200 branches in slower growing areas of the nation by the end of 2008 as it focuses on aggressive expansion in California, Texas and the Southwest. Go to Article from Reuters »')('2006111', 'Dell announced Tuesday that it had acquired ACS, an IT application management services company. ACS, based in Britain, provides applications management and deployment services, as well as consulting on systems and other infrastructure issues. Go to Article from CNet News.com »')('2006111', "Embrex shares closed with a 40 percent gain Wednesday after Pfizer's animal health division agreed to buy the agricultural biotechnology company for $155 million. Go to Article from MarketWatch »")('2006111', 'A solar panel maker SunPower said Wednesday it had agreed to buy PowerLight, a Berkeley-based provider of solar systems, for $332.5 million. The deal brings together two of the larger solar companies in the nation and gives SunPower another entry into the commercial installation market. Go to Article from CNet News.com »')('2006111', 'Lonmin, the South Africa-based platinum miner, announced it was to acquire AfriOre for $441 million. Analysts said the acquisition would add significant value to Lonmin, making it an attractive takeover candidate. Go to Article from The Guardian »')('2006111', 'European Goldfields says no formal takeover "offers or approaches" have been made to the company, despite speculation about a possible bid by Barrick Gold. The Times of London reported Wednesday that Barrick had offered 250 million pounds ($472 million) for its gold mining rival. Go to Article from The Globe and Mail » Go to [...]')('2006111', 'BSkyB\'s chief executive James Murdoch has questioned the strategic merits of a tie-up between ITV and NTL, adding his voice to growing skepticism that a deal between the British companies will succeed. "None of the things NTL is missing is in ITV and none of the things ITV is missing is in NTL," Mr. Murdoch [...]')('2006111', "Limited Brands, parent of Express and Victoria's Secret stores, has agreed to pay $628 million in cash to buy a Canadian-based intimates and apparel retailer La Senza. Go to Article from MarketWatch » Go to Article from The Globe and Mail »")('2006111', 'Air France-KLM said on Wednesday it can take action to "safeguard national ownership" as foreign investors increasingly have bought stakes in the Franco-Dutch airline. Air France-KLM said that 47 percent of its stock is now held by foreign investors after heavy trading in the last few weeks. Go to Article from MarketWatch »')('2006111', 'A record number of mergers and acquisitions is reshaping the global investment management business, with consolidation particularly strong among retail-focused mutual-fund companies, according to new research published Wednesday. The investment banking firm Putnam Lovell NBF Securities noted 167 transactions involving asset managers so far this year through Tuesday, breaking the previous high of 159 deals [...]')('2006111', 'Scottish & Southern Energy ruled itself out on Wednesday as a bidder for Scottish Power, which is the target of a 12 billion pound ($22.7 billion) bid from the Spanish energy firm Iberdrola. Go to Article from The Guardian » Go to Previous Item on DealBook »')('2006111', 'EADS is negotiating with potential foreign investors, including major Gulf funds, about the possibility of selling them stakes in its Airbus unit to help fund its A350 project, Les Echos reported. The news follows previous reports that Dubai was considering buying a direct stake in the troubled aircraft maker. Go to Article from Reuters » [...]')('2006111', "Major telecom stocks fell Wednesday, with AT&T shares trading near a six-week low amid fresh concerns that a Democrat-controlled Congress may affect the telecommunications giant's proposed merger with BellSouth. Recent comments by Sen. Daniel Inouye of Hawaii, who takes control of the Senate Commerce Committee in January, have created some uncertainty into the timing and [...]")('2006111', 'German truckmaker MAN officially began its 10.3 billion euro ($13.2 billion) cash-and-share takeover offer for its Swedish rival Scania on Thursday, going hostile after failing to clinch a friendly deal. Go to Article from Reuters via Yahoo News » Go to Previous Item on DealBook »')('2006111', "News Corporation's chairman, Rupert Murdoch, and Liberty Media's chairman, John Malone, are close to resolving a personal dispute that will resonate well beyond the spheres of the two billionaire media moguls. Mr. Murdoch said Wednesday that News Corporation was close to a deal to buy back Liberty Media's stake in his media empire, and that [...]")('2006111', 'After US Airways went public with its $8 billion hostile bid for Delta Air Lines, industry watchers got down to the business of speculating on possible rival suitors. Topping the popularity list of possible bidders for Delta was United Airlines parent UAL. One analyst called United the perfect merger companion for Delta, with its trans-Pacific [...]')('2006111', "US Airways' chief executive, W. Douglas Parker, will have to act swiftly if he wants to clinch his proposed $8 billion deal for Delta Air Lines. The strategy of taking on a troubled business like Delta is not a new concept for Mr. Parker. He is taking the same approach he used as chief executive [...]")('2006111', 'Phased withdrawal from Iraq would be a no-no, military leaders tell Congress -- and look for increased violence in Afghanistan, too!')('2006111', 'In this lesson, students work in groups to create products that can help address everyday annoyances. They then design business plans for the manufacturing and marketing of their inventions.')('2006111', 'Corection of Nov 14 Arts')('2006111', 'Major study challenging widespread use of tiny balloons and metal stents on people who have suffered heart attacks is latest example of rigorous experiment turning medical practice on its head by proving that widely accepted treatment is not great boon it was believed to be except to doctors, drug companies and medical device makers (M)')('2006111', 'Photo of Noriko Kariya, who defeated Elisha Olivas in six-round decision with TKO')('2006111', 'Hand-forged kitchen knives from Italy are now available in US; photo (S)')('2006111', "Senate Republicans' election of Trent Lott as minority whip offers unlikely study in professional redemption; he went from Senate minority leader to presumptive majority leader to disgrace in matter of days four years ago after he seemed to praise longtime segregationist Sen Strom Thurmond; Lott called his comments well-intentioned tribute to longtime colleague and issued several apologies, but he was forced to give up his leadership position; Sen John McCain, said to be important supporter of Lott's, notes he paid high price for his one statement; Republicans favor Lott for minority whip largely because of their election losses last week; he is seen as effective in rounding up votes and striking deals, something essential for Republicans who are now in minority in Senate; photo (M)")('2006111', 'Michael Schindhelm, director of foundation established to supervise three debt-encumbered opera houses in Berlin, announces that he will step down in April (S)')('2006111', "Corection of Nov 14 article on Rudolph W Giuliani's decision to create New York State organization to explore running for president; Rep Duncan Hunter says he would explore presidential run but has not filed with Federal Election Commission")('2006111', "Twenty-third volume of That's What I Call Music compilation album reaches No 1 spot on Billboard chart with 337,000 copies sold; photo (S)")('2006111', "Five letters comment on Nov 13 article on disillusionment of New Yorkers who relocated to suburbs in hopes of finding better schools; Terry Keller Naumann says moving to suburbia and being active parents improved her children's education; Walt Gardner says long-held assumptions about schools often turn out to be wrong; Angie Lin says learning does not only occur in school; Gregory and Jeanette Adamo criticize mother who got upset because her child was having fun in kindergarten; Alan Winkler says teachers in Millburn, NJ, really do care; drawing")('2006111', "Skin care companies are introducing lines of products geared for Latinos--nation's fastest-growing ethnic group; scientists and dermatologists are just beginning to study whether Hispanic skin differs among its subgroups and from other ethnicities; photos (M)")('2006111', "Letter from Stephen Drucker, editor of House Beautiful, comments on Pres Bush's offer to help Nancy Pelosi select new drapes for House speaker's office (Maureen Dowd's Nov 11 column)")('2006111', "Correction of Nov 13 Media Equation column on local investors' interest in newspaper industry; publisher Joe Natoli was not 'dumped' by new owners of The Philadelphia Inquirer and The Daily News")('2006111', 'Jacksonville Jaguars quarterback David Garrard could start rest of season in place of injured Byron Leftwich; photo (M)')('2006111', "Knoll Textiles' new line of fabrics, sandwiched between sheets of resin, can be used for room dividers, door panels, signs, ceiling panels and backsplashes; photo (S)")('2006111', 'Photo of New York Gov-Elect Eliot Spitzer at Rochester clothing manufacturer Hickey Freeman, during economic tour of upstate New York')('2006111', 'Correction of Nov 14 article on defeat of Vietnam trade bill in House regarding explanation of Jackson-Vanik amendment, which is part of Trade Act of 1974')('2006111', 'Correction of Nov 11 Sports of The Times column on Rutgers football regarding name of main street on campus')('2006111', 'Environment 337 opens branch of its home furnishings store in Greenwich Village; photos (S)')('2006111', 'New York Jets coach Eric Mangini says team is not thinking about postseason (M)')('2006111', 'New York Yankees infielder Alex Rodriguez says he does not want to be traded (M)')('2006111', 'MSG Entertainment has entered long-term lease agreement for Beacon Theater and will close venue for $10 million restoration; photo (S)')('2006111', 'Undersea earthquake with magnitude of 8.3 originating northeast of Japan produces small tsunami, with waves measuring just one foot high (S)')('2006111', 'Baseball Writers Assn of America names Joe Girardi manager of the year after Florida Marlins fired him; photo (M)')('2006111', 'Correction of Nov 9 article on Israeli military attack in Gaza town of Beit Hanun, regarding type of munitions used')('2006111', 'Correction of Nov 14 chart about 10 most expensive Senate and House races, regarding one race that is still in dispute')('2006111', "Presidential hopefuls from both parties seek to bolster their positions on war in Iraq after election that each side is interpreting in wildly different ways; Gen John P Abizaid's testimony before Senate and House Armed Services Committees draws more Democrats than Republicans; Sen Joseph I Lieberman, hawkish and newly Independent, leads Abizaid to say that troop withdrawals being advocated by some Democrats would increase violence and instability in Iraq; Sen John McCain presses his argument that more troops are needed, over Abizaid's objection; Democrats argue that midterm election was signal from American people that current military solution is not working; McCain's position is that Americans are unhappy with status quo--and only more troops could shake stagnation; Abizaid gives something to both sides; photos (M)")('2006111', 'Kal J Brown is charged with fatally stabbing uncle Kenneth Brown in their Yonkers, NY, apartment (S)')('2006111', 'Photo of Florida University basketball players Joakim Noah, Al Horford and Corey Brewer')('2006111', 'Dave Anderson Sports of The Times column discusses Indianapolis Colts, which have undefeated 9-0 record (M)')('2006111', 'Personal Shopper column on containers, organizers and bags for storing linens, shoes and outdoor furniture cushions; photos (M)')('2006111', 'Exhibit of 100 pieces by Viennese crystal maker J & L Lobmeyr, including engraved glasses and crystal chandelier reproductions, is on display at Moss Gallery; photo (S)')('2006111', 'Photo of cameo by soap opera actors Anthony Geary and Genie Francis in musical The Wedding Singer')('2006111', "Three letters comment on Nov 14 article on Evangelicals supporting Israel; Josh Trevers says it is unfortunate that so many evangelical Christians view Israel through an ideological prism that has little connection to reality; Kathy A Rogers says religious fundamentalism is foreign policy problem, not a solution; Eric B Lipps says it is hypocritical for right-wing Christian evangelicals to label any foreign policy as God's")('2006111', "Showtime announces that it has entered into agreement with Pro Elite Inc to televise 'mixed martial arts' events beginning in February (S)")('2006111', 'Photo of initial work for construction of Freedom Tower at World Trade Center site in New York City')('2006111', 'Two letters comment on Nov 15 military analysis on Iraq; Bill Gottdenker opts for rapid withdrawal of US military and apportionment of Iraq into three distinct provinces--Shiite, Sunni and Kurdish; Allan Goodsrein says there is no such thing as expert on Iraq')('2006111', 'Correction of Nov 13 obituary about Isadore Barmash, retired business reporter for The New York Times, regarding department store he wrote about frequently')('2006111', 'Mohegan Sun plans to add hotel and another casino to its complex in Uncasville, Conn; drawing (M)')('2006111', 'Democrats are engaging in recrimination, finger-pointing and in-fighting over election campaign that gave them control of Senate and House for first time since 1994; some Democrats say Howard Dean, party chairman, is not getting credit he deserves, and others criticize him for not following plan of Rep Rahm Emanuel of Illinois, who advocated putting more money into Congressional races; photos (M)')('2006111', 'Correction of Nov 13 theater review about Buenos Aires in Translation festival at Performance Space 122 regarding gender of translator')('2006111', "Correction of Nov 14 article on Jets' second-year place-kicker Mike Nugent, regarding his alma mater's football record")('2006111', 'Flower School New York offers flower arranging classes; drawing (S)')('2006111', 'Homeowners are increasingly asking for full-service bathrooms in very tight spaces, and designers are coming up with sleek and efficient bathrooms, complete with shower or tub, or both, in areas as small as 4 by 5 feet; five minuscule bathrooms described; photos (M)')('2006111', 'Gary Hall, waterfowl hunting guide, tests warmth and comfort of latest designs in insulated waders; photos (M)')('2006111', 'ABC wins ratings for Tuesday night with series Dancing With the Stars; photo (S)')('2006111', 'College basketball discussed; photo (S)')('2006111', 'Correction of picture caption with music review of Il Barbiere di Siviglia at Metropolitan Opera')('2006111', 'College Basketball Spotlight column discusses teams to watch; photo (M)')('2006111', 'Correction: Nov 13 obituary about Robert Fennell omitted one survivor')('2006111', 'Carlos Casanova receives help with employment and getting general equivalency diploma from Catholic Charities, beneficiary agency of New York Times Neediest Cases Fund; photo (M)')('2006111', 'Correction of Nov 14 article on new research suggesting comet or asteroid may have struck Indian Ocean 4,800 years ago regarding frequency of such collisions')('2006111', 'Senator Trent Lott talks about his comeback to a leadership post with Republicans.')('2006111', "Attorney General-elect Andrew M. Cuomo has nothing to say about the Hevesi matter. The Spitzer transition team has 2,500 people pounding on the door for jobs. And the race to fill Yvette Clarke's Council seat is under way. [The Politicker.] Eliot Spitzer for president? [Spitzer's Day One] Joel Cohen, Alan Hevesi's lawyer, is a co-author [...]")('2006111', 'In an interview with Jay DeDapper on WNBC, Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver again defended his friend Alan Hevesi, the state comptroller, and also gave a surprisingly critical assessment of a top Pataki aide, Charles A. Gargano, according to an advance transcript.')('2006111', 'A roundup of PlayStation 3 madness ...')('2006111', 'News from the Syracuse area... Dan Maffei, the Democrat who challenged Representative Jim Walsh, put out a news release today that seems to concede his defeat (the A.P. and others called the race on Election Night, but there was still some counting going on): Although the race for the 25th Congressional District continues to tighten [...]')('2006111', 'Checking out the Peking Duck House')('2006111', 'Phew, I just finished reading the official 8,182 word transcript of the meeting earlier this week with Max Mosley, president of the International Automobile Federation, and Professor Burkhard Göschel, senior adviser to the board of management of BMW and chairman of the Grand Prix Manufacturers Association. Göschel, a former highly-placed director at BMW, now works [...]')('2006111', 'The latest best-selling list of political books appears today.')('2006111', 'Tonga rioting draws foreign troops ...')('2006111', "Are you catching the Grey Cup fever yet? This guy is proud to be Canadian. One person's plea: Give the C.F.L. a chance. C.F.L. coaches are forced to defend their game: It's not boring! Have you wondered how Ricky Williams's season wound up? He bids a fond adieu to the C.F.L. The C.F.L. has a [...]")('2006111', 'Readers respond to Frank Rich\'s Nov. 5 column, "Throw the Truthiness Bums Out." Martin Stein, New York: The most surreal moment of this election cycle to me was John Kerry\'s botched joke. He was the political equivalent of the Boris Karloff character in "The Mummy." It was as if he returned from the dead to [...]')('2006111', "Michigan's Bo Schembechler dies and we stand corrected ... maybe?")('2006111', 'Readers respond to Thomas L. Friedman\'s Nov. 17 column, "The Green Leap Forward." Alan Engel, Villanova, Pa.: The most intense international competition in the world today is along the Beijing-Seoul-Tokyo axis. Perhaps the best goad to China would be a graph comparing air quality over the past 30 years. When I was living in Tokyo [...]')('2006111', "Empire Racing continues to roll up Spitzer-friendly allies in its bid to take over New York's thoroughbred racing franchise, saying today that former Gov. Hugh Carey, a Democrat, has joined its board. Empire Racing is vying with Excelsior Racing Associates to take over the Aqueduct, Saratoga and Belmont racetracks after the franchise expires at the [...]")('2006111', 'My son and daughter, 9 and 7 years old, have become very skillful Internetters. They routinely hit up Google and Wikipedia to look up all kinds of stuff. The computer is in the kitchen, in the main drag where all the family activity goes on. My wife and I can always glance over to see [...]')('2006111', 'The growing number of hedge-fund investments in technology startups means that "the old way of doing things is being disrupted," the Red Herring declares. While hedge funds often help companies as they approach their initial public offerings, their presence can sometimes create conflict. The main problem, according to the Herring, is that hedge funds and [...]')('2006111', 'We started browsing the blog files today after the report in The Times that Eliot Spitzer is almost certain to ask the State Senate to remove Alan G. Hevesi as state comptroller early next year. Here is a selection of blog posts from one of the stranger campaigns of the year. The Latest Spitzer Move [...]')('2006111', 'Investors\' headlong rush into hedge funds raises two "big questions," according to the latest issue of The Economist. (Our reaction: Only two?) First, with fund managers, investment banks and managers of funds of funds making so much on management and trading, what\'s left for clients? Second: If investment banks are buying or launching hedge funds, [...]')('2006111', 'Throughout the conflict in Iraq, comparisons to Vietnam have been ubiquitous, and today, with the president in Vietnam and a new funding request from the Pentagon, those comparisons are particularly tangible.')('2006111', "Thursday's proposed $18.7 billion buyout of Clear Channel Communications suggests that CBS Corporation could be a juicy target for private equity firms, according to William Drewry, an analyst with Credit Suisse. But there is one big caveat, and his name is Sumner Redstone. As The New York Times wrote Friday, the Clear Channel deal underscores [...]")('2006111', 'To satisfy the Oscar hopes that the Weinstein brothers have for "Bobby," Emilio Estevez\'s little movie with big stars, it will need some critical love. But A. O. Scott, the film critic at The New York Times, gently lets the air out of "Bobby\'s" tires. Mr. Scott writes that, "the multiple story lines coalesce in [...]')('2006111', "The Justice Department may drop its controversial tactic of forcing companies suspend certain legal rights to avoid prosecution, Bloomberg News reported citing unnamed sources. According to Bloomberg's sources, the government may no longer ask companies to disclose confidential discussions with attorneys and to forswear paying the legal fees of employees under investigation. Deputy Attorney General [...]")('2006111', '"I am outraged with his deception - how dare they, said Cindy Streit, the etiquette coach who appears in "Borat." "The last laugh will be on "Borat," not innocent members of the public." At a news conference yesterday in Los Angeles, Ms. Streit, who runs an etiquette training company based in Birmingham, Ala., said she [...]')('2006111', 'In a reminder that Sundance is supposed to be on the cusp of cinematic innovation, this year\'s festival will open with "Chicago 10," a hybrid of fiction and fact that tells the story of the antiwar protests at the 1968 Democratic National Convention and the subsequent trial of the protest leaders. "For the past five [...]')('2006111', 'The TomKat wedding in Italy has the gossip media on Defcon 4, but the restrictions on coverage have some limelight experts warning that Mr. Cruise shouldn\'t bite the hand that holds the pen. "Any star needs the media, no matter how big they are," said Max Clifford, Britain\'s best-known celebrity agent. "It should be a [...]')('2006111', 'Another recession warning is sent by housing statistics.')('2006111', 'Analysts used words such as "frothy" and "on fire" to describe the trading debut of the New York Mercantile Exchange, whose shares more than doubled from their offering price on Friday. The commodity futures exchange, which had been privately owned for 134 years, sold its shares to underwriters at $59 apiece late Thursday. The stock [...]')('2006111', 'Socialism is on the march -- so says North Korea')('2006111', 'Congressman Roy Blunt, elected as minority whip today for the 110th Congress, issues a challenge for winning back the House to his fellow Republican members.')('2006111', "Nearly half of the 13 newly elected partners at Simpson Thacher & Bartlett are from the corporate department, which is probably not surprising considering the law firm's central role in the recent flurry of deal-making. The firm's clients include two giants of the buyout world: Kohlberg Kravis Roberts and Blackstone Group. A recent profile of [...]")('2006111', "Lazard named Jonathan Ward chairman of its Chicago office, a newly created position, and a managing director in its investment banking group. New York-based Lazard said Mr. Ward was most recently chairman of ServiceMaster, whose affiliates include cleaning service Merry Maids and pest-control company Terminix. Go to Article from Crain's Chicago Business » Evergreen Investments, [...]")('2006111', "Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg, who generally goes out of his way not to pick fights with his fellow public officials, lobbed a rare, though blind, grenade someone's way on his WABC-Radio show this morning. Speaking of the pay raises that the City Council just approved for elected officials, Mr. Bloomberg said that he thought the [...]")('2006111', 'The death of the great economist causes a ripple in the blogosphere.')('2006111', 'A Cisco shareholder proposal fails, but registers growing concern over human rights...')('2006111', 'Republican House members stick with their leadership team as they head into minority status in the 110th Congress.')('2006111', "Shares of U.S. Steel rose to a six-week high Friday on word that Russia's Severstal may be preparing a takeover bid, Bloomberg News said. Citing a report from Russia's Kommersant newspaper, Bloomberg said that Severstal is holding merger talks with local iron-ore producers, potentially creating a $20 billion company to bid for the iconic American [...]")('2006111', 'Rudy Giuliani is reportedly collecting supporters for his potential presidential run-financial supporters, that is.')('2006111', "The Pentagon's proposed spending request could make Iraq the most expensive war since World War II.")('2006111', "She may only serve a few weeks in Congress, but brevity isn't stopping Representative Shelley Sekula-Gibbs from having the full Washington experience.")('2006111', "Buyouts and breakups were the topics du jour for Vivendi chief executive Jean-Bernard Levy on Friday, as he discussed Kohlberg Kravis Roberts' failed $50 billion offer for his company and the possibility that Vivendi would sell its stake in NBC Universal on Friday. Speaking at Actionaria, one of Europe's largest investors' conferences, Mr. Levy confirmed [...]")('2006111', 'Shocking news: Larry King has never used the Internet.')('2006111', 'The November elections continue to rattle Washington. First, President Bush fired Donald Rumsfeld. Now, The New Republic fires itself. A TNR editorial apologizes for the magazine\'s support for the Iraq invasion: "This magazine has long advocated deploying U.S. power to halt the mass slaughter of innocents. Saddam Hussein distinguished himself at the mass slaughter of [...]')('2006111', "Democrats decided not to fix what ain't broke and left in place their existing leadership team of Representatives Nancy Pelosi and Steny H. Hoyer.")('2006111', 'New Playstation consoles make traditional migration from store shelves to Ebay')('2006111', "At Federated Department Stores, the bride and groom are going their separate ways. The retailing giant said Friday it would sell its wedding-related chains in two pieces, with the bridal-gown portion going to a private equity firm and the tuxedo business going to a competing formalwear retailer. Leonard Green & Partners will buy David's Bridal [...]")('2006111', 'In a video report, the Carpetbagger asks Times Square, is "Borat" funny?')('2006111', 'The Bagger realized he had had lost his soul, frittered it away for a few face-licking calls from studio flaks and some screeners of movies he had already seen.')('2006111', 'Let\'s say you were Warner Bros., and had your hands on "The Departed," a legit Best Picture nominee that has enough noteworthy performances to field a basketball team? Where would you land them all - in what category? Everything Oscar did some looking around and found For Your Consideration, a Warner Bros. site that they [...]')('2006111', 'Microsoft, which has agreed with Novell to make the Linux and Windows operating systems compatible, opened the door Thursday to a similar alliance with Red Hat. "We are willing to do the same deal with Red Hat Linux and other Linux distributors," Microsoft Chief Executive Steve Ballmer said at an SQL database software conference in [...]')('2006111', 'Discovery Communications has hired David M. Zaslav as its chief executive, making him the second senior executive to leave NBC Universal this week for a job running another media group. On Wednesday, Randy Falco, who had been president and chief operating officer of the NBC Universal Television Group, was named chairman and chief executive of [...]')('2006111', "Children's book on gay penguins stirs concerns in Illinois...")('2006111', "Jeffrey Skilling, Enron's convicted former chief executive officer, dropped objections to a settlement of pension-fund claims that would give $85 million to workers hurt by the company's collapse, the U.S. Labor Department said. Go to Article from Bloomberg News via The Philadelphia Inquirer »")('2006111', 'In a period punctuated by distracting revelations of company spying, Hewlett-Packard nevertheless sharply increased its revenue and made more profit from the revenue. Net income for its fourth quarter, which ended Oct. 31, rose to $1.7 billion, or 60 cents a share, from $416 million, or 14 cents a share, a year ago, which included [...]')('2006111', 'Rule changes for corporate financial controls that regulators will soon put forward will be significant and aimed at reducing compliance costs for companies while ensuring that investors are protected, the head of the Securities and Exchange Commission said yesterday. Chairman Christopher Cox, in a speech, alluded to revisions the agency has been planning in response [...]')('2006111', 'Among the certain unalienable rights of finance in 2006 is that of successful hedge fund managers to make a lot of money. That right is embedded in the compensation structure of the funds: most managers receive 2 percent of the assets they manage as a management fee and take home 20 percent of the profits [...]')('2006111', "German prosecutors and police have raided 30 offices and homes of managers of Siemens, Europe's largest engineering company. About 200 policemen carried out the raid yesterday morning to investigate allegations of embezzlement of funds at Siemens's fixed-line phone unit, a prosecutor in Munich said Go to Article from The Guardian »")('2006111', "Frederick J. O'Meally, a former Wall Street broker who made millions for himself and Prudential Securities through market timing, seems happy. Last month, Wachovia wired nearly $3.8 million into his account, a result of an NASD arbitration. The panel's award, Mr. O'Meally contends, demonstrates that his market timing practices – which came under scrutiny in [...]")('2006111', 'An extradition hearing for the former chief executive of Comverse Technology, Jacob Alexander, who is charged in the United States with options fraud, will be held on April 25, a Namibian magistrate said Thursday. The magistrate, Sarel Jacobs, scheduled the hearing to determine whether Mr. Alexander would be returned to the United States to face [...]')('2006111', 'Defamer wades through the metasphere and picks up on a video of a guy, named Horat, pretending to be Borat at a "Borat" movie premiere. He manages to interview Sacha Baron Cohen, the "real" pretend Borat. The two-shot of them standing together is worth the wait - it\'s at the end of the clip. But [...]')('2006111', "Has billionaire investor Edward Lampert finally turned Sears Holdings, one of the nation's oldest retailers, into a hedge fund? Not quite. But the chairman of Sears, who also runs his own hedge fund, is headed in that direction. In a telling income report, the nation's largest department store chain generated half of its third-quarter profit [...]")('2006111', 'Outgoing New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer sued hedge funds Samaritan Asset Management Services and Johnson Capital Management Thursday, charging that they engaged in fraudulent mutual fund market-timing schemes. Mr. Spitzer, who launched a broad probe into improper trading practices in the mutual fund industry, said Samaritan, Johnson and their principals took steps to evade [...]')('2006111', "No wonder George Clooney is always handing other people Oscars instead of keeping them. Turns out he is anti-swag! Off his recent victory as People's sexiest man alive - he remains humble about his humility, which makes him all the hotter - he explained why party bags and swag tents don't do it for him. [...]")('2006111', "Swiss accessories and fashion firm Bally is in play, and Kenneth Cole is said to be among the bidders, according to Women's Wear Daily. The trade magazine said that buyout shop Texas Pacific Group, which snapped up Bally in 1999, is readying an exit plan, having restructured the firm and reached breakeven for the first [...]")('2006111', "Fund manager Henderson's private equity arm has won the 1 billion pound ($1.89 billion) bid battle for control of PFI construction group John Laing. Rival German bidder Allianz bowed out of the battle Thursday afternoon, saying it was not prepared to raise its terms again. Go to Article from The Guardian »")('2006111', "Media companies may be unloved on Wall Street, but they have found big fans elsewhere. As Thursday's $18.7 billion buyout of radio giant Clear Channel Communications illustrates, some of the largest broadcasters and publishers are being swept into the arms of private equity firms, which are drawn to the rich cash flows these businesses generate [...]")('2006111', 'Satellite television startup ProtoStar announced another $210 million in debt and equity funding to purchase and launch its first satellite, giving it $250 million in new capital since September. VantagePoint Venture Partners led the round with participation from existing stakeholders New Enterprise Associates and RedShift Ventures. Go to Article from The Daily Deal »')('2006111', "Jason Calacanis, the outspoken blogger and entrepreneur who ran AOL's Netscape division, resigned on Thursday in the wake of the firing of AOL's chief executive, Jonathan Miller. Mr. Calacanis sold his company, Weblogs, a network of blogs, to AOL last year and continued to run it from offices in Santa Monica, Calif. This year he [...]")('2006111', 'Telecommunications-equipment maker Allot Communications stock saw strong reception Thursday, its first day of trading on the Nasdaq Stock market. The Israeli company traded by early afternoon at $14.15, up from the initial public offering price of $12. The stock opened at $14.50 a share Thursday morning, and rose as high as $15.53. Go to Article [...]')('2006111', "Air Canada's stock offering has turned out to be a hot seller as U.S. institutional investors flock to get a piece of the action at $21 a share. The high demand has prompted underwriters to boost the size of the offering by 31 percent to C$525 million ($458 million). Originally, the underwriters targeted selling C$400 [...]")('2006111', "The London Stock Exchange is eating the New York Stock Exchange's lunch, writes BusinessWeek. So far this year, the L.S.E., along with its aim market geared toward smaller companies, has lured dozens of initial public offerings away from the N.Y.S.E. and Nasdaq. But, says the magazine, just because London's listings are soaring doesn't mean it's [...]")('2006111', "KBR, which runs almost every aspect of the Iraq war except the fighting, rose more than 22 percent Thursday after an initial public offering. It raised $473.3 million Wednesday, after pricing the 27.8 million shares it's selling at $17 a share. KBR shares rose $3.75, or 22.1 percent, at $20.75. Go to Article from USA [...]")('2006111', 'After weeks of controversy, car-rental giant Hertz Global Holdings finally started trading on the New York Stock Exchange Thursday. Hertz priced its $1.3 billion initial public offering below its previously published price range but still raised enough money to guarantee a healthy payday for its private equity owners. Hertz sold 88.2 million shares at $15 [...]')('2006111', "After helping to broker one of the Web's marquee transactions of recent years, what do you do for an encore? That is what much of the media and Internet industry was wondering after it was announced that Ross Levinsohn, who as president of News Corporation's Fox Interactive Media unit helped to arrange its acquisition of [...]")('2006111', 'Energy exchange Nymex Holdings raised $383.5 million Thursday with an initial public offering that priced above a forecast range, according to an underwriter. The 6.5 million share offering, which represents about a 7.5 percent stake in the company, sold for $59 per share, compared with a $54 to $57 forecast range. Go to Article from [...]')('2006111', 'Investment banks involved with the auction of Clear Channel Communications, which agreed to be bought for $18.7 billion yesterday, are looking at a nice payday. The multitude of players created a bonanza of advisory assignments, financing opportunities that will reap millions in fees on the Street. A half-dozen banks including Citigroup, Credit Suisse, Deutsche Bank, [...]')('2006111', 'Qualcomm has acquired equipment-monitoring specialist nPhase in a move intended to broaden its current lineup of machine-monitoring products. Go to Article from CNet News.com »')('2006111', 'Google is buying iRows, a provider of a browser-based spreadsheet service, iRows wrote on its company blog. Israel, with strong technology innovation at universities and start-ups, is increasingly becoming a shopping destination for U.S. tech companies. Go to Article from CNet News.com »')('2006111', 'Yahoo is acquiring Bix.com, a site that allows users and advertisers to create, enter into and judge online contests. The deal is an attempt by Yahoo to bolster its offerings in social media, an area where it has struggled to compete with sites like MySpace and YouTube. Go to Article from The New York Times [...]')('2006111', 'European broadcaster RTL, despite denials that it was weighing a bid for ITV, is apparently doing just that, according to The Guardian. RTL, which already owns Channel Five in the U.K. as well as a host of broadcasters across Europe, has renewed its interest in ITV, which is in talks with U.K. cable operator NTL. [...]')('2006111', "Britain's Vodafone Group said on Thursday it expected strong growth rates at its U.S. venture Verizon Wireless to be maintained in the near term and it was in no hurry to sell its 45 percent stake. Go to Article from Reuters »")('2006111', 'Thanks to a boost from a slew of large deals this week, corporate merger activity for the year to date has passed the $3 trillion mark, according to Thomson Financial. As of Thursday morning, announced merger activity for 2006 stood at $3.09 trillion, making the year the third-highest ever for deal-making after a surge in [...]')('2006111', "They have been careful to appear cordial, but in the polite language of Asian diplomacy, a stubborn standoff has emerged between Thailand and Singapore over how to handle Singapore's purchase of the communications assets of the deposed prime minister, Thaksin Shinawatra, and a legal confrontation between them is looming. At issues is the purchase by [...]")('2006111', 'Carlos Ghosn, the chief executive of Nissan and Renault, said Thursday that he was no longer interested in adding a North American partner, at least until earnings improved at the two automakers that he oversees. "We don\'t think the timing is right," said Mr. Ghosn in an apparent change of heart from previous comments, in [...]')('2006111', 'Aerospace group EADS denied plans to let Gulf investors buy part of Airbus to fill a vacuum left when its British partner walked away from a costly new aircraft, but doubts remained over how the plane will be funded. Go to Article from Reuters » Go to Previous Item on DealBook »')('2006111', 'State-controlled Gazprom and Lukoil, the biggest Russian natural gas and oil companies, will form a venture to acquire assets in Russia and abroad as the government uses energy riches to project its political and economic profile abroad. Go to Article from The International Herald Tribune »')('2006111', "Johnson & Johnson said Thursday that it had agreed to buy the cardiac stent maker Conor Medsystems for about $1.4 billion in cash. The deal will give Johnson & Johnson control of Conor's CoStar Stent System, a chromium stent that can deliver multiple drugs to treat cardiovascular and other diseases. Go to Article from the [...]")('2006111', "Shares of Volkswagen extended gains on Thursday on talk that Porsche could eventually mount a full takeover bid for Europe's biggest car maker, in which it is already the biggest shareholder. Go to Article from Reuters »")('2006111', "In a record year for merger and acquisition activity among investment managers, one widely expected deal could be coming to fruition. There are reportedly several serious bidders for insurance giant Marsh & McLennan's struggling mutual-fund management unit, Putnam Investments. Companies said to be interested in the multibillion-dollar unit include Power Corporation of Canada, which owns [...]")('2006111', "The chairman of Deutsche Borse is under pressure to stand down after the German stock exchange withdrew its 9 billion euro ($11.5 billion) bid for rival Euronext. Kurt Viermetz, chairman of Deutsche Borse's supervisory board, is being blamed by a number of fellow board members for the situation, which has seen almost two years apparently [...]")('2006111', "Efforts by E.On of Germany to gain a major stake in the Spanish energy market cleared a final regulatory hurdle on Thursday as the stock market commission in Spain approved E.On's $47.3 billion bid to acquire the electricity company Endesa. But the bid still faces a tangle of potential delays in Spanish courts and boardrooms [...]")('2006111', "US Airways' bid for Delta Air Lines has cast new uncertainty over the pensions of roughly 90,000 Delta employees and retirees, just months after a new law was supposed to have assured their future, The New York Times says. Mysteriously, Delta has not taken advantage of hard-won pension relief. The Times posits that Delta must [...]")('2006111', "Bankrupt Delta Air Lines is trying to rally support from creditors to help fend off US Airways' $8 billion hostile takeover bid, according to The Wall Street Journal. Delta Chief Executive Gerald Grinstein and other executives have held a series of conference calls with creditors to sift through terms of US Airways' offer, pressing creditors [...]")('2006111', 'A group of investors led by Citigroup reached a deal Thursday to pay about $3.1 billion for a controlling stake in the Guangdong Development Bank, the first time a foreign-led consortium has won the right to manage a major Chinese bank. The deal came after more than a year of intense negotiation with the Chinese [...]')('2006111', "Days before shareholders of Reckson Associates Realty were scheduled to vote on the company's sale to another publicly traded Midtown Manhattan office landlord, the investor Carl C. Icahn and the privately held Macklowe Properties have submitted their own $4.6 billion offer that tops the earlier bid. Some analysts and investors had questioned whether the $4 [...]")('2006111', 'Ohio State and Michigan face-off this weekend; officials offer advice for out-of-staters...')('2006111', 'We\'ve had a spirited debate this week about whether Ernie Accorsi should have swung a draft-day trade for Eli Manning in 2004. Obviously, Accorsi felt the bloodlines (Archie and Peyton) wouldn\'t hurt. So it\'s apropos that the satirical Web site The Onion has a story today with this headline: "Tampa Bay Buccaneers Take Chance On [...]')('2006111', "One of the points of Bill Pennington's article in The Times today is that fan apathy has enveloped Ivy League football since university presidents walked away from Division I-A in 1981. Excerpt: During the 2005 season, the average attendance for Ivy League games was 9,606, a drop of 30 percent from 25 years ago. Yet [...]")('2006111', "Good luck to all in the playoff push. If you're agonizing over a lineup decision, perhaps this rule of thumb will help: It's important to be aware of matchups, but if you have a star on your roster, play him. In other words, here's hoping you didn't stash Chad Johnson on your bench last week, [...]")('2006111', 'Milton Friedman, the grandmaster of free-market economic theory in the postwar era and a prime force in the movement of nations toward less government and greater reliance on individual responsibility, died yesterday. He was 94 and lived in San Francisco. His death was confirmed by Robert Fanger, a spokesman for the Milton and Rose D. [...]')('2006111', 'In this lesson, students will explore what they know or would like to know about the performing arts. They then work in groups to explore examples from different genres and create online advertisements encouraging their peers to see a particular performance.')('2006111', 'Pakistan successfully test-fires new version of missile capable of carrying nuclear warheads (S)')('2006111', 'Roberta Smith reviews works by Yayoi Kusama at Robert Miller Gallery (M)')('2006111', 'Food and Drug Administration says that drug Herceptin, already used to treat advanced breast cancer, is approved for early cases as well (S)')('2006111', 'Andrea K Scott reviews photographs by John Baldessari at Marian Goodman Gallery (M)')('2006111', 'Market has risen for initial public offerings since Labor Day; graph (S)')('2006111', 'Complete works of Nobel Prize-winning author Aleksandr I Solzhenitsyn will be published in Russia for first time (S)')('2006111', 'Roberta Smith reviews paintings by Raoul De Keyser at David Zwirner Gallery (M)')('2006111', "Excerpts from Frank Bruni reviews of restaurants The Lonseome Dove Western Bistro in Chelsea, Picholine on West 64th Street, Boqueria in Chelsea and Harry's Steak and Cafe in Lower Manhattan (M)")('2006111', "Shane B Schmidt and Charles L Sheppard III, former employees of private military contracting company Triple Canopy filed suit last July alleging that they witnessed their supervisor fire deliberately at Iraqi vehicles and civilians in two incidents; say company fired them in retaliation for reporting incidents; suit also claims that Triple Canopy's management blacklisted them in private military contracting industry, rendering them unemployable; court last month rejected company's move to dismiss suit, and set trial date for summer 2007 (M)")('2006111', 'Roberta Smith reviews paintings by Norbert Schwontkowski at Mitchell-Innes & Nash gallery (M)')('2006111', "Thomas L Friedman Op-Ed says China's officials finally acknowledge their dire air pollution problem but now they need three things: efficiency power plants, companies formed to identify and implement ways to save energy; to persuade officials at every level to meet not only growth targets but 'green' targets; and to allow more press freedom and public participation because best environmental watchdogs are locals (M)")('2006111', 'Photos from films Happy Feet, For Your Consideration, Fast Food Nation and Bobby')('2006111', 'METRO BRIEFING: KATONAH: Rep Sue W Kelly concedes defeat to Democrat John Hall in New York State race; photo (S)')('2006111', "Women's College Basketball Season Preview discusses teams to watch; photo (M)")('2006111', 'Correction of Nov 15 Market Place column on performance of banks that buy naming rights to sports stadiums regarding baseball statistic and former name of one field cited')('2006111', "Four letters comment on Nov 16 David Brooks Op-Ed column on Sacha Baron Cohen movie Borat; Michael Southwell calls Brooks's observations about ridicule and condescension in American society incisive but flawed; Dane Carr refuses to accept willful ignorance and susceptibility to crude, hatred-making propaganda; Nathaniel Klemp says Brooks plays into conservative movement's persecution complex by ridiculing 'blue American snobbery'; Lindsay Scott says Pres Bush and his cronies are bullying and condescending in their sloganeering")('2006111', 'ABC wins ratings for Wednesday night with finale of show Dancing With the Stars; photo (S)')('2006111', 'Major League Soccer will hold expansion draft to fill Toronto F C (S)')('2006111', 'Rosemarie Santiago receives help with parochial school tuition from UJA-Federation of New York, beneficiary agency of New York Times Neediest Cases Fund, so her son can graduate; photo (M)')('2006111', "Correction: picture caption Nov 13 with article on producer Jerry Bruckheimer's relationship with Walt Disney Co misspelled surname of actor")('2006111', 'John S Warren letter on November 10 Havens column about Ludlow, Vt (S)')('2006111', 'Correction of picture credit with Nov 15 Books of The Times review about Pigeons by Andrew D Blechman')('2006111', "Alan Bergman letter recalls visiting abandoned site of 1964 New York World's Fair (Nov 11 article)")('2006111', 'Correction of Nov 14 Arts, Briefly column on cast and dates for In the Heights, regarding surname of producer')('2006111', 'Port Authority of New York and New Jersey singles out Stewart International Airport as mostly likely site of fourth airport for New York City metropolitan area (S)')('2006111', 'Major League Baseball teams will look at how teams store their baseballs (S)')('2006111', 'Correction: Nov 14 obituary about writer Jack williamson omitted co-author of one of his novels')('2006111', 'Holland Cotter reviews works by Carl Pope at Momenta Art gallery (M)')('2006111', 'Correction of November 10 article about vacation-home market in Ludlow, Vt (S)')('2006111', 'Correction of Nov 14 report on plan by France to tax imports from countries that have not signed Kyoto treaty; China and US both signed treaty and China ratified it but US did not')('2006111', 'Correction of Nov 4 Sports of The Times column on recovery of Barbaro, Kentucky Derby winner seriously injured in Preakness Stakes, regarding spelling of given name of director of animal hospital mentioned')('2006111', 'Jerome Fletcher is convicted of murder and robbery in shooting death of former boss Bruce Levy during 2004 payroll robbery in New York City (S)')('2006111', 'Roberta Smith reviews Modernism show at Seventh Regiment Armory; photo (M)')('2006111', 'Correction of Nov 16 article on efforts by Pakistani government to pass legislation to amend rape laws, regarding one provision of proposed new law')('2006111', 'Canadian government confirms first espionage arrest in decade with apprehension of foreign national claiming to be Canadian named Paul William Hampel; true identity of suspect and specific reasons for arrest are not released (S)')('2006111', "Turkey offers to provide military training for Iraqi security forces, in what appears to be effort to exert influence over increasingly weak Iraqi state; Turkey is worried that complete collapse in Iraq would produce independent Kurdish state, which might embolden Turkey's own Kurdish minority; Iraq's neighbors are stepping forward to secure their own place in its unstable landscape; Iran has offered assistance in securing Iraq during Prime Min Nuri al-Maliki's first visit there in Sept (M)")('2006111', 'Photo of Andrea Stewart-Cousins greeting supporters in White Plains, NY, after claiming victory over incumbent Nicholas A Spano for State Senate')('2006111', 'Correction of Nov 14 article on re-signing of second baseman Jose Valentin by Mets regarding another player cited')('2006111', 'Laura Kern reviews film Shinobi, directed by Ten Shimoyama (M)')('2006111', "Correction of Nov 8 article on Klaus J Jacobs, who is donating more than $250 million to International University Bremen, in Germany, regarding another German businessman's donation to another school")('2006111', "Correction of Nov 13 article on Rudolph W Giuliani's comments on this year's election results regarding status of another likely presidential contender in 2008, Sen John McCain; he had not formed exploratory committee at time of article")('2006111', "Six letters comment on Nov 15 and 16 articles detailing Gen John Abizaid's warning about withdrawing from Iraq; Michael Smith says warnings echo 'stay the course' strategy that has failed; Stephen E Phillips says continued American presence in Iraq can only magnify, delay or prolong catastrophe; Irwin Shapiro suggests lack of loyalty of Iraqi troops to central government could be cause of increased violence; Lowell Flanders says it is difficult to develop exit strategy when experts cannot agree on goal; Endy Zemenides says options being debated represent tactical moves, not strategy; John Peeler says leaders must realize that American presence in Iraq is problem, not solution, and will weaken any Iraqi government; drawing")('2006111', 'Roberta Smith reviews sculptures by Evan Holloway at Harris Lieberman gallery (M)')('2006111', 'Article on jewelry exhibitions scheduled around US; photos (M)')('2006111', "New York City Ballet will stage full-length Romeo and Juliet, choreographed to Prokofiev's score by Peter Martins in 2007 spring season; photo (S)")('2006111', 'Interview with artist Scott Williams on tiny one-room getaway cabin he built in Hobart, NY; photos and brief descriptions of similar properties for sale in US and Canada (M)')('2006111', "Two letters comment on Nov 14 John Tierney Op-Ed column on outcome of Congressional elections; Harold McGraw III, chairman of Business Roundtable, disagrees with premise that Americans voted for gridlock; cites issues that Americans have said they want resolved; William R Hall says he would settle for 'do-nothing' Congress, given actions of Republicans in last five years")('2006111', 'Jeannette Catsoulis reviews film The Piano Tuner of Earthquakes, directed by Stephen and Timothy Quay; Amira Casar, Cesar Sarachu and Gottfried John star; photo (M)')('2006111', 'Berlin, Germany, will let stores stay open for 24 hours, six days a week (S)')('2006111', 'Major League baseball general managers discuss off-season moves; photo (M)')('2006111', "Correction of Nov 8 article on ABC's decision to take Lost off air for 13 weeks regarding another station's decision about their serial with season-long story line")('2006111', 'New Jersey Devils see lowest attendance for home game since 2001; photo (M)')('2006111', 'Timothy Egan and Richard Powers, top two winners of National Book Awards, see increase in book sales, according to Amazon.com rankings; photo (S)')('2006111', "Women's College Basketball Season Preview discusses players to watch; photos (M)")('2006111', "Letter from W Richard West Jr, director of Smithsonian's National Museum of the American Indian, expresses concern over characterization of museum; says visitors have authentic experience of American Indian life and culture (Nov 6 article)")('2006111', "There's a video that accompanies the column from Sunday about Halima.")('2006111', "The leadership elections in Congress this past week should offer some fodder for discussion on Sunday's news shows, although the kidnappings and violence in Iraq and elsewhere will likely be a continuing topic. As will 2008, as some of the guest lists suggest. And let's not forget the ongoing lame-duck session of Congress, which already [...]")('2006111', 'Marlon McCree\'s "kill shot" on T.J. Houshmandzadeh created a stir this past week. It was one of the more brutal hits of the year. The video clip is here. Immediately after the game, Houshmandzadeh swore vengeance. But McCree apologized, and Houshmandzadeh forgave. Still, Paul Zimmerman (Dr. Z) says the N.F.L. isn\'t doing enough to protect [...]')('2006111', 'Correction on Nov 1 obituary about Silas Simmons, regarding circumstances of his rediscovery by Center for Negro League Baseball Research')('2006111', 'Fire breaks out at power plant serving main terminal at Lambert St Louis International Airport, jamming air and street traffic around airport in afternoon (S)')('2006111', 'Suicide bomber blows himself up near police van in suburb of Peshawar, Pakistan, wounding two policemen (S)')('2006111', "Photo of new dome for landmark O'Neill Building in New York City during conversion to condominiums")('2006111', 'James P Hoffa , president of International Brotherhood of Teamsters, declares victory in his race for new five-year term; declares himself winner over Tom Leedham, president of Teamsters local in Oregon, even though official count has not been completed; Hoffa photo (S)')('2006111', 'Letters respond to Nov 16 editorial and Richard L Hasen Nov 11 Op-Ed on Election Day problems; Craig L Sparks says our election system is truly broken, and we should make radical change to ensure opportunity for universal suffrage; Ernest A Canning says equal protection in national elections requires adoption of universal standards and single voting system that ensures integrity and transparency; New York City Corporation Counsel Michael A Cardozo says New York State has become poster child for incompetence for failing to replace its decades-old lever voting machines; Neal Rosenstein says many Election Day problems in New York derive from antiquated system where party-appointed election commissioners appoint poll workers on basis of party affiliation; drawing; John Schoppert agrees with Hasen that we need to create cadre of nonpartisan administrators to run our elections')('2006111', "Photo of Texas University basketball team's win against St John's University")('2006111', 'UN conference on climate change, which drew 6,000 participants to Nairobi, Kenya, from around world over two weeks, ends with delegates failing to establish timetable for cuts on pollution linked to global warming, but agreeing to review Kyoto Protocol by 2008 (S)')('2006111', 'Correction on Nov 16 article and headlines about number of deaths in New York City during summer heat wave; city health dept says it was 140')('2006111', 'Sen John W Warner touches off Republican fight for top party seat on Senate environment committee, announcing he wants to use his seniority to bump Sen James M Inhofe from spot; photos (S)')('2006111', 'New York Mets sign infielder Damion Easley to one-year contract (S)')('2006111', 'Three letters comment on Nov 17 article and editorial about House Democrats choosing Rep Steny Hoyer as majority leader in defiance of incoming Speaker Nancy Pelosi; Angelo Presicci calls it debate, phenomenon that has been sadly missing in Republican Congress; John A Viteritti criticizes Pelosi and Rep John Murtha for putting their personal interests above those of party; former Rep Bruce A Morrison says Pelosi made bad mistake, but Democratic caucus did not')('2006111', "Correction on Nov 14 report about Kazakhstan's efforts to close down casinos and other gambling businesses; president is Nursultan A Nazarbayev")('2006111', "San Francisco Giants outfielder Barry Bonds's lawyer Michael L Raines says prosecutors investigating Bonds and other professional athletes for doping could seek more indictments (S)")('2006111', "UN antiaircraft batteries in southern Lebanon take 'preparatory steps' to fire at Israeli warplanes after they violate cease-fire by repeatedly flying overhead; Israel says flights are for reconnaissance (S)")('2006111', 'Correction on Nov 17 obituary about Milton Friedman, regarding land from which his parents emigrated')('2006111', "House Republicans re-elect their top leadership team to carry on as party moves into minority, despite push from conservative wing of caucus to choose faces that would signal change after party's big losses in midterm elections; Rep John A Boehner, majority leader, is chosen as minority leader, and Rep Roy Blunt, who has been majority whip, is elected minority whip; photo (M)")('2006111', 'Corrections on Nov 16 obituary about Gen Jacob E Smart, regarding name of space telescope project on which he worked at NASA')('2006111', 'Photo shows people at Mass for three people killed by tornado in Riegelwood, NC')('2006111', 'Dialysis patient Eduardo Mulgrave is helped with rent and bills by Catholic Charities, beneficiary agency of New York Times Neediest Cases Fund; photo (M)')('2006111', 'Photo of former Michigan University football coach Bo Schembechler, who died at age 77')('2006111', 'Correction on Nov 17 obituary about Nicholas Proffitt; he was born in Sault Ste Marie, Mich')('2006111', 'Christopher Wanjek letter says it was pleasure to read about boon for small, local farms in wake of national food scares (Nov 15 article)')('2006111', "Segolene Royal begins her battle to become first woman to be president of France after Socialist Party chooses her as its candidate in April's election (S)")('2006111', 'Week of college football discussed; photo (M)')('2006111', 'Correction on Oct 30 article about change in voting patterns in Bellevue, Wash, where 25 percent of residents are foreign born; ballots are in English and Chinese')('2006111', 'John P Tiernan letter supports theater program at Sing Sing Prison')('2006111', 'Correction on Nov 15 article about India-Pakistan talks on Kashmir and terrorism; representatives, Shiv Shanker Menon of India and Riaz Mohammed Khan of Pakistan are foreign secretaries')('2006111', 'Manhattan Theater Club production of Alfred Uhrey play LoveMusik, featuring music of Kurt Weill, will be directed by Harold Prince; Michael Cerveris, Donna Murphy and David Pittu will star; photo (S)')('2006111', 'CBS wins ratings for Thursday night with show CSI; photo (M)')('2006111', 'Correction on Nov 15 article about Florida law requiring that inmates who are found incompetent to stand trial be moved from jails to psychiatric hospitals; advocacy group for people with mental illness is National Alliance on Mental Illness')('2006111', 'Jane Lewis letter notes that she collects political signs after election because metal frames are very useful in garden, holding frost-protection cloth over early plantings')('2006111', "Parliament's lower house gives final approval to election laws that critics say would further erode democratic competition and shore up parties loyal to Pres Vladimir V Putin in advance of Russia's parliamentary elections next year (S)")('2006111', 'Next cartoon issue of The New Yorker magazine will feature four different covers by Chris Ware; photo (S)')('2006111', 'PBS Kids Sprout, cable channel for preschoolers, faces charges of hypocrisy after firing The Good Night Show host Melanie Martinez because of earlier role in Internet films spoofing teenage abstinence public service announcements and then replacing her with Michele Lepe, who played undercover policewoman who poses as prostitute in short independent film (S)')('2006111', 'Correction on Nov 14 article about church trial of Msgr Charles M Kavanagh; trial is being held in Millcreek Township, Pa')('2006111', "Harold Stone letter contends that Alan G Hevesi's remark that he intends to serve another four-year term as comptroller may be wishful thinking")('2006111', 'Philadelphia Museum of Art, Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts and group of private foundations and city officials band together to raise $68 million for Thomas Eakins painting being sold by Thomas Jefferson University; need to match price offered by National Gallery of Art in Washington and Crystal Bridges Museum of American Art in Bentonville, Ark, to keep painting in Philadephia; photo (S)')('2006111', 'In the wake of the Democratic Party victory, there has been much talk of working together and finding common ground. Senator Lincoln Chafee of Rhode Island speaks for many when he says, "I hope the new Congress and the administration that received, in the president\'s words, \'a thumping,\' can find common ground for the common [...]')('2006111', 'I could not let the weekend pass without at least mentioning Macau. The 53d Grand Prix took place this weekend and while most Formula One followers were watching to see what would happen with Sebastian Vettel, it was Mike Conway, the British Formula 3 champion, who won the race, and Richard Antinucci, of the United [...]')('2006111', "Phelps Dodge, the world's second-largest copper producer, will be acquired by Freeport-McMoRan Copper and Gold, a smaller rival that has been embroiled in environmental and human rights controversies, in a cash and stock deal valued at $25.9 billion, the companies announced Sunday night. The transaction, if approved by shareholders, would create the world's largest copper [...]")('2006111', 'Leaving family and home for a tour in Afghanistan.')('2006111', "The play-and-play and commentary for the Jets' game against Chicago as it was typed in live: WRAPUP The Jets moved the ball reasonably well today against the Bears but were just not able to step up in the red zone when given the opportunity, and Chad Pennington's two interceptions, along with Eric Mangini's ill-advised onside [...]")('2006111', 'The fallout continues after a UCLA student is tasered by campus police...')('2006111', "Managment-led buyouts are conflicted by their very nature. It's hard to understand how shareholders can trust management to represent their interests when it is trying to make off with the company. The question is whether the process can be fixed. If we could rewrite the rules – and regulators might do so themselves, the way [...]")('2006111', 'What exactly IS a whip?')('2006111', 'A reader wins the egghead award for sorting out a century old question about "The Game"')('2006111', 'We would be most pleased if you joined us today (in the post above) as we track the Bears-Jets game at 1 p.m. Eastern. I tell people that live game-tracking is easy - like bungee jumping and typing really fast at the same time, and having your typos exposed before millions (O.K., dozens). Benjamin Hoffman [...]')('2006111', "Canada's big game is at 6 p.m. Eastern today in Winnipeg. (No, we're not game-tracking it!) We haven't been able to hype the game properly because of unexpected work duties. (You can never hype a Grey Cup enough). What we need is a team to cheer. (This used to be easier in the early 70's; [...]")('2006111', 'New York Knicks player Jamal Crawford is known to be able to recall his own stats from any game of his career; photo (M)')('2006111', "Clifford W Moran letter on Joseph Berger's November 5 column on cable television monopolies")('2006111', 'Week of NFL matchups discussed; photos (M)')('2006111', 'New York Giants and linebacker Antonio Pierce prepare to face Jacksonville Jaguars; photo (M)')('2006111', 'Elder-care specialist Teri Koff letter on November 12 article on alternatives to long-term nursing home care for elderly')('2006111', 'James Kindall Home Work column on weekend rituals that homeowners view as chores to be grumbled over or attacked with zeal (M)')('2006111', 'Kevin Coyne column on how we spend our weekends; drawing; photos (Special Issue: Connecticut at Its Best) (M)')('2006111', 'Amanda Marshall letter decides not to contribute to her alma mater, Brearley, because of its failure to discourage students from participating in spring-break parties (Nov 12 article)')('2006111', 'Sunday morning shopping trip to B & W Bakery in Hackensack, NJ, described; photo (Special Issue: New Jersey at Its Best) (S)')('2006111', "Sample of Milton Friedman's provocative ideas on public policy; photo (M)")('2006111', "Sharon Nakatani letter on Seth Sherwood's November 5 travel article about Copenhagen")('2006111', "Dan Franklin letter discusses New York Mets's decision to name new stadium Citi Field (S)")('2006111', 'Scene at Giants Stadium in Meadowlands, NJ, described as group of Long Island fans, whose numbers can swell to 100 or more on any given Sunday, holds tailgate party before New York Jets game; photos (M)')('2006111', 'James Kindall Home Work column on weekend rituals that homeowners view as chores to be grumbled over or attacked with zeal (M)')('2006111', 'Michael D Maltz letter comments on Nov 5 article on correlation between weather and human behavior')('2006111', 'Op-Ed article by Emma McLaughlin and Nicola Kraus, authors of The Nanny Diaries, sees need to strengthen professional aspects of parent-nanny partnership; cites new Web site that invited anonymous nanny reports (M)')('2006111', 'James N Harris and Edwin Battistella letters on Nov 5 article creation of third edition of Oxford English Dictionary')('2006111', 'Four consultants and analysts, Mary Matalin, Paul Begala, Mark Halperin and Rich Galen, offer campaign advice for presidential hopeful Rudolph W Giuliani; photo (M)')('2006111', 'Visit to Hicks Nurseries in Westbury described; photo (Special Issue: Long Island at Its Best) (S)')('2006111', 'Steven M Clayton letter on November 5 Comings and Goings column on light rail line in Jerusalem')('2006111', "Scene at family-owned John's Meat Market in Scotch Plains, NJ, described; photo (Special Issue: New Jersey at Its Best) (S)")('2006111', 'Roundup of new and newly redone resorts in Maldives; photo (M)')('2006111', 'Art Victor comments on Nov 5 article on Sacha Baron Cohen')('2006111', "Michael G Brautigam letter comments on Kris Holloway's Nov 5 article on bad end of pet dog she had while working for Peace Corps in Africa")('2006111', 'Elder-care specialist Teri Koff and Aytan Y Bellin letters on November 12 article on alternatives to long-term nursing care for elderly')('2006111', 'Jeff Mayer makes lamps using coils of colorful flexible rope that he fits into translucent boxes; photo (Pulse column) (S)')('2006111', 'Nov 5 interview with Ahmad Chalabi on invasion of Iraq and subsequent chaos prompts letters from Scheherazade al-Abed, Carol Haskill, Mark Wasserman and William L Valenti; photo')('2006111', 'Correction of Nov 5 article on French pianist Helene Grimaud')('2006111', 'Correction story on Sunday, November 12 Economic View column on role of economic issues in Congressional election; number of House members representing New Hampshire is two, not one (S)')('2006111', 'Karen Peterson letter comments on Oct 8 article on diagnosis of tick-borne illness')('2006111', "Correction of Nov 5 article about Rockettes and Radio City Music Hall's Christmas show")('2006111', "Op-Ed article by Roland Lewis, executive director of Habitat for Humanity-NYC and co-chairman of Housing First], praises Koch administration for creating, during 1970's, largest affordable housing program in New York City's history; calls on governor-elect Eliot Spitzer to create community development legacy that would benefit both upstate and downstate residents (M)")('2006111', 'Kevin Coyne column on how we spend our weekends; drawing; photos (Special Issue: Long Island at Its Best) (M)')('2006111', "Sharper Image interim chief executive Jerry W Levin will take on president's responsibilities after sudden resignations of Tracy Wan and Jeff Forgan (S)")('2006111', 'Sunday morning service at Cathedral of the Incarnation in Garden City, NY, described; photo (Special Issue: Long Island at Its Best) (S)')('2006111', 'Kate Stone Lombardi Generations column on what it means to be retired soccer mom; drawing (M)')('2006111', 'Katie Couric discusses balancing act of hosting CBS Evening News and taking care')('2006111', "Editorial lauds New York Governor-elect Eliot Spitzer's promise to move quickly to enact reform and change; holds redistricting should be at top of list")('2006111', 'Article on probable demise of video movie rental store industry in New York City; focuses on Movie Place on 105th Street near Broadway, owned by Gary Dennis, which is closing because of rent hike; list of memorable movie shops that have already closed; photos (L)')('2006111', 'Article on rise in number of residents of New York metropolitan area suburbs who are taking yoga and pilates classes on weekends to relieve stress; photos (Special Issue: Long Island at Its Best) (M)')('2006111', 'The Buyback, Reconsidered')('2006111', 'Israeli college student Rozena Suchodolsky comments on visit to Ice Palace at Jungfrau Massif in Swiss Alps; photo (M)')('2006111', 'Article on luxury clothing boutiques in suburbs of New York City metropolitan area that retain loyal clientele by offering variety of personalized services; photos (L)')('2006111', "Jonathan Gellman and George Jochnowitz letters comment on Noah Feldman's Oct 29 article on prospect of Iran's acquisition of nuclear weapons")('2006111', 'Electrical engineer Theodore I Blume letter on November 5 article on wind power in New York metropolitan area suggesst transmission lines be buried underground')('2006111', 'Week of NFL games discussed; photos (M)')('2006111', 'Saturday morning workout at Xport Fitness at Roosevelt Field Mall in Garden City, NY, described; photo (Special Issue: Long Island at Its Best) (S)')('2006111', "Bernard Holland reviews new CD of Hindemith's Ludus Tonalis and Suite 1922 played by pianist Boris Berezovsky; photo (M)")('2006111', 'Lesa Griffith travel article on Oahu, Hawaii; photos (L)')('2006111', 'Four Long Island venues for dance parties, some that offer lessons before parties, described; photos (Special Issue: Long Island at Its Best) (M)')('2006111', 'Article chronicles weekend in Westchester County, NY (Special Issue: Westchester at Its Best) (L)')('2006111', 'Joanne Starkey article on breakfast fare at Maureen & Daughters Kitchen in Smithtown, NY; photo (Special Issue: Long Island at Its Best) (S)')('2006111', "Sophisticated Traveler column describes design of ideal plane using latest innovations of world's carriers; photos (M)")('2006111', "Henry Louis Gates Jr letter comments on Nov 5 letter about his Oct 22 essay on book Uncle Tom's Cabin")('2006111', "Seymour H Fine letter, prompted by Nov 13 article on blurring line between philanthropy and business, says line is blurring because it is in corporations' best interests to support social causes that keep people healthy and content")('2006111', 'Murray Chass On Baseball column discusses minority hiring for managerial positions in Major League Baseball (M)')('2006111', "Frank Ortolano letter on Sean Safford's November 12 Op-Ed article about defining homosexual and heterosexual relationships")('2006111', 'Article on rise in number of residents of New York metropolitan area suburbs who are taking yoga and pilates classes on weekends to relieve stress; photos (Special Issue: Connecticut at Its Best) (M)')('2006111', 'Sampling of housing on market in New York City metropolitan area; photos (M)')('2006111', "Girl's birthday party at Club Libby Lu in Roosevelt Field Mall in Garden City, NY, described; photo (Special Issue: Long Island at Its Best) (S)")('2006111', 'Scene at Myst Lounge in Smithtown described; photo (Special Issue: Long Island its Best) (S)')('2006111', "Editorial lauds New York Governor-elect Eliot Spitzer's promise to move quickly to enact reform and change; holds redistricting should be at top of list")('2006111', 'Article on luxury clothing boutiques in suburbs of New York City metropolitan area that retain loyal clientele by offering variety of personalized services; photos (L)')('2006111', 'Early morning visit to Montauk, Point Lighthouse in Montauk, NY, described; photo (Special Issue: Long Island at Its Best) (S)')('2006111', 'Entertaining extras offered at Salon 4 Kids in Summit, NJ, described; photo (Special Issue: New Jersey at Its Best) (S)')('2006111', 'Article offers tips to New York metropolitan area gardeners on preparing for winter; photos (M)')('2006111', 'Article on rise in number of residents of New York metropolitan area suburbs who are taking yoga and pilates classes on weekends to relieve stress; photos (Special Issue: New Jersey at Its Best) (M)')('2006111', "Sunday brunch scene at Mariner's Cove Restaurant in Brielle, NJ, described; photo (Special Issue: New Jersey at Its Best) (S)")('2006111', 'New necklace from Pretty Little Thing features pendant with mirror on back; photos (Pulse column) (S)')('2006111', 'Saturday evening scene at Ritz 16 movie multiplex in Voorhees, NJ, described; photo (Special Issue: New Jersey at its Best) (S)')('2006111', 'Peggie Blizard letter comments on Nov 5 profile of artist Kiki Smith')('2006111', 'Op-Ed article by Emma McLaughlin and Nicola Kraus, authors of The Nanny Diaries, sees need to strengthen professional aspects of parent-nanny partnership; cites new Web site that invited anonymous nanny reports (M)')('2006111', 'Jeff Atwood letter on October 29 article about violence against gay people at Plum Beach park in Brooklyn')('2006111', 'US Sen Dianne Feinstein (California) and San Francisco Assemblyman Mark Leno pledge to introduce laws to prevent San Francisco 49ers from taking name with them if they relocate to Santa Clara; team officials say they have no intention of changing name wherever they play and they have precedent on their side, as Buffalo Bills do not play in Buffalo and New York Jets play in New Jersey; 49ers had been working on plan for new stadium in San Francisco until negotiations collapsed; photos (M)')('2006111', 'Sunday morning service at Elmwood United Presbyterian Church in East Orange, NJ, described; photo (Special Issue: New Jersey at Its Best) (S)')('2006111', "Rev Alexandra Steinert-Evoy letter praises heads of schools in New York City who discouraged 'rite of passage' parties (Nov 12 article)")('2006111', 'Brief profiles of contributors to Travel Winter 2006 T-magazine issue: Sean Rocha, Mark Healy, Megan Caponetto, Darcy Frey and Walter Niedermayr; photos (M)')('2006111', 'Colin Jerolmack letter comments on Oct 15 article on fighting pigeons and pigeon feeders')('2006111', 'Elliot Kotler letter contends that New York Mets should have named new stadium after Jackie Robinson (S)')('2006111', "Steven F Freeman, Samuel Reifler, W Richard Meyer Jr and Daniel Lazare letters comment on Michael Kinsley Nov 5 essay on books that address America's flawed election system")('2006111', 'White gloves are hot this year to provide finishing touch to outfits; photo (Pulse column) (S)')('2006111', 'NBA players are discussed; photos (M)')('2006111', 'Midnight bowling at Asbury Lanes in Asbury Park described (Special Issue: New Jersey at Its Best) (S)')('2006111', 'Article on nighttime scene at bars and lounges in downtown Stamford, Conn; photos; map (Special Issue: Connecticut at Its Best) (M)')('2006111', "Farrell Silverberg letter comments on Maureen Gibbon's Oct 29 article on long-term effects of being raped, especially when your assailant is living trouble-free life")('2006111', 'Scene at Giants Stadium in Meadowlands, NJ, described as group of Long Island fans, whose numbers can swell to 100 or more on any given Sunday, holds tailgate party before New York Jets game; photos (M)')('2006111', 'Article on luxury clothing boutiques in suburbs of New York City metropolitan area that retain loyal clientele by offering variety of personalized services; photos (L)')('2006111', 'Morning shopping trip to Trenton Farmers Market in Lawrence Township described; photo (Special Issue: New Jersey at Its Best) (S)')('2006111', "Anne Midgette reviews new DVD of Benjamin Britten's opera Gloriana performed by Opera North with Josephine Barstow, soprano and English Northern Philharmonia conducted by Paul Daniel; photo (M)")('2006111', 'James Kindall Home Work column on weekend rituals that homeowners view as chores to be grumbled over or attacked with zeal (M)')('2006111', 'Article on BRIC--Brazil, Russia, India and China--popular winter travel spots for 2006; photos (M)')('2006111', 'Article on luxury clothing boutiques in suburbs of New York City metropolitan area that retain loyal clientele by offering variety of personalized services; photos (L)')('2006111', 'Interior designer Jacques Garcia comments on hotel design; photo (M)')('2006111', 'Article on Sundown, Westchester-based Southern rock cover band founded in 1976; photo (Special Issue: Westchester at Its Best) (M)')('2006111', 'Jeannette Gibson receives help with rent arrears from Federation of Protestant Welfare Agencies, beneficiary charity of New York Times Neediest Cases Fund; photo (M)')('2006111', 'Scene at Giants Stadium in Meadowlands, NJ, described as group of Long Island fans, whose numbers can swell to 100 or more on any given Sunday, holds tailgate party before New York Jets game; photos (M)')('2006111', 'Elder-care specialist Teri Koff and Aytan Y Bellin letters on November 12 article on alternatives to long-term nursing home care for elderly')('2006111', 'Bernard F Dick letter on Nov 12 article about critic and playwright Eric Bentley')('2006111', 'Becky Rolnick letter contends that success of Rutgers University football team is not only reason New Jersey natives have to be proud (S)')('2006111', 'Kate Stone Lombardi Generations column on what it means to be retired soccer mom; drawing (M)')('2006111', 'Correction; Nov 5 Michael Kinsley essay on books about flaws in American election system referred incorrectly to author of Activism, Inc; Dana R Fisher is woman')('2006111', 'Deb Ellis letter rails against spring-break parties as typifying widening gulf between rich and poor (Nov 12 article)')('2006111', 'Julius Novick letter on Nov 12 article about critic and playwright Eric Bentley')('2006111', 'Correction; Nov 12 Posting column gave incorrect title for architect mentioned')('2006111', 'Saturday afternoon visit to Egan & Sons pub in Montclair, NJ, described (Special Issue: New Jersey at Its Best) (S)')('2006111', 'Article offers tips to New York metropolitan area gardeners on preparing for winter; photos (M)')('2006111', 'Kevin Coyne column on we spend our weekends; drawing; photos (Special Issue: New Jersey at Its Best) (M)')('2006111', "Saturday shopping trip to Bernard's Market and Cafe in Glen Head, NY, described; photo (Special Issue: Long Island at Its Best) (S)")('2006111', 'Correction of November 6 article on 36-hour visit to Copenhagen (S)')('2006111', 'Correction of Nov 12 article on overseas rock bands that receive financial support from home countries')('2006111', 'Liddy Gerchman Barlow letter, prompted by Nov 12 article on increase in lost baggage at airports, says checked bags are assigned bar code so customers should be able to track their lost luggage online')('2006111', "Article on Youthful Praise, nationally emerging gospel choir of Turner's Faith Temple, Pentecostal church in Bridgeport, Conn, and its front man, songwriter and director, James Hairston; photos (Special Issue: Connecticut at Its Best) (M)")('2006111', 'Rachel Krinsky letter on Oct 22 article on Yiddish version of Pirates of Penzance performed by National Yiddish Theater-Folksbiene notes other Gilbert and Sullivan operettas performed partly in Yiddish by Gilbert and Sullivan Yiddish Light Opera Company (S)')('2006111', 'Anthony Tommasini reviews new CD of piano music played by Leif Ove Andsnes; photo (M)')('2006111', "David M Gerstein and Jeffrey Barbee letters on Simon Winchester's November 5 travel article on holy caves in India; photo")('2006111', 'Book Review editors introduce Steven Heller review of Al Goldstein and Josh Alan Friedman book I, Goldstein: My Screwed Up Life (S)')('2006111', 'Sunday morning visit to Golden Nugget Antique Market in Lambertville, NJ, described; photo (Special Issue: New Jersey at Its Best) (S)')('2006111', 'Joanne Starkey reviews four elegant Long Island restaurants; photo (Special Issue: Long Island at Its Best) (M)')('2006111', "Jay Broad letter on Nov 12 article says Eric Bentley's translations formed literary foundation of regional theater movement")('2006111', 'Kate Stone Lombardi Generations column on what it means to be retired soccer mom; drawing (M)')('2006111', 'Rep Steny Hoyer, recently elected majority leader, acquired his vote counting talents from his years as minority whip, crucial Congressional job that requires rounding up votes by cajoling colleagues; past whips discussed; photo (M)')('2006111', 'Portland Trail Blazers defeat New Jersey Nets, 86-68; photo (M)')('2006111', 'Op-Ed article by Emma McLaughlin and Nicola Kraus, authors of The Nanny Diaries, sees need to strengthen professional aspects of parent-nanny partnership; cites new Web site that invites anonymous nanny reports (M)')('2006111', "Visit to Hallock's Cider Mill in Laurel, NY, described (Special Issue: Long Island at Its Best) (S)")('2006111', 'Photos of guests at various benefits in New York City (Evening Hours column)')('2006111', "Chapter 8 of Seth's comic strip George Sprott (1894-1975) (M)")('2006111', 'Kate Stone Lombardi Generations column on what it means to be retired soccer mom; drawing (M)')('2006111', 'Article chronicles weekend in Connecticut; photos (Special Issue: Connecticut at Its Best) (L)')('2006111', 'Jonathan D Edelfelt letter, prompted by Leon E Panetta Nov 12 Op-Ed on lessons of midterm elections, says lesson is not intolerance for gridlock, but rejection of entire Bush administration agenda')('2006111', 'List of up-and-coming winter travel destinations; photos (S)')('2006111', 'Elder-care specialist Teri Koff letter on November 12 article on alternatives to long-term nursing home care for elderly')('2006111', 'Scene at Finger Fitness nail salon in Cliffside Park, NJ, described; photo (Special Issue: New Jersey at Its Best) (S)')('2006111', 'Article offers tips to New York metropolitan area gardeners on preparing for winter; photos (M)')('2006111', 'Imagined hotel ancestry of new Winvian hotel in Litchfield Hills of Connecticut described; photos (M)')('2006111', "Tyson Foods blames high corn prices for third consecutive quarterly loss; announces Tyson Renewable Energy which will turn its 'vast supply of animal fat' into diesel-like biofuel (S)")('2006111', "Eight letters comment on Nov 14 article on math education in US; Elizabeth Napp suggests US education problem is result of commercialization of educational models; E S Goldberg says students need to learn basic arithmetic, which eliminates 'fear' of math; John A Manicone says students need to learn basics, not 'politically correct' education reforms; Diana D'Ambra says Us should copy other countries whose students excel in math; Milton L Meller says students need to learn math by rote before they learn complex mathematical theories; Alison Bailey discusses problems with 'reform math'; Carol Tensen says as teacher she is forced to teach students math concepts they are not developmentally ready for; Mary C Stephenson says American students are lagging behind in every subject, not just math; drawing")('2006111', 'Article on rise in number of residents of New York metropolitan area suburbs who are taking yoga and pilates classes on weekends to relieve stress; photos (Special Issue: Westchester at Its Best) (M)')('2006111', 'James Kindall Home Work column on weekend rituals that homeowners view as chores to be grumbled over or attacked with zeal (M)')('2006111', "Letter from M Akram Shaheedi, press minister of Pakistan Embassy, disputes source quoted in Nov 14 article who says Pakistan wants to 'keep Afghanistan destabilized'; says this is not in Pakistan's interest and Pakistan is committed to fighting Taliban and helping to secure Afghanistan")('2006111', 'Humorist D')('2006111', "Scene described at three Westchester late-night lounges: Brute on 9 in Tarrytown, Lucy's in Pleasantville and Teddy's in Mount Kisco (Special Issue: Westchester at Its Best) (M)")('2006111', "Kira Wizner letter on Laurel Gross's November 12 essay on murder of New York City actress Adrienne Shelly")('2006111', 'Scene at Giants Stadium in Meadowlands, NJ, described as group of Long Island fans, whose numbers can swell to 100 or more on any given Sunday, holds tailgate party before New York Jets game; photos (M)')('2006111', 'Matchup between New York Jets and Chicago Bears discussed; photo (S)')('2006111', 'Three letters comment on Nov 12 Op-Ed article by Sen Lincoln D Chafee, who lost re-election for Rhode Island Senate seat; John O Pastore applauds Chafee as moderate Republican; William J Oehlkers says he respects Chafee but, as voter, he opposed Republican majority; Robert E Welsh says Chafee should have campaigned as Independent')('2006111', 'Gregory Dworkowitz letter contends that Texas Tech University basketball coach Bob Knight was wrong to strike his player (S)')('2006111', "Delaware Court of Chancery approves $50 million settlement of shareholder's suit against former Hollinger International directors including Conrad M Black; photo (S)")('2006111', 'Scene at Cinema Arts Center, nonprofit art film house in Huntington, NY, described; photo (Special Issue: Long Island at Its Best) (S)')('2006111', "Article on New Jersey's Latin dance club scene (Special Issue: New Jersey at Its Best) (M)")('2006111', 'Article offers tips to New York metropolitan area gardeners on preparing for winter; photos (M)')('2006111', 'Transportation Alternatives deputy director Noah S Budnick disagrees with November 12 letter claiming that riding bike in physically protected bike lane is more dangerous than biking in traffic')('2006111', 'Photos for National Adoption Day of some families resulting from adoptions of more than 130 foster children in New Jersey')('2006111', 'Alan Schwarz Keeping Score column discusses relevance of Major League Baseball averages and rarity of above-average players (M)')('2006111', 'New boutiques in Wicker Park section of Chicago described; photos; map (M)')('2006111', 'Letters from John C Rooney and Michael Maxtone-Graham comment on November 12 Career Couch column; Rooney says it is good businesses sense to respond to all job applicants; Maxtone-Graham stresses importance of follow-up calls from potential hires (M)')('2006111', 'Kevin Coyne column on how we spend our weekends; drawing; photos (Special Issue: Westchester at Its Best) (M)')('2006111', "Model Theodora Richards, daughter of Rolling Stones Keith Richards and supermodel Patti Hansen, sometimes wears items of clothing that she filches from her famous father's closet; photo (Pulse column) (M)")('2006111', 'Kate Zimmerman letter wonders why mothers having cocktails together is even considered news (Nov 9 article)')('2006111', 'Fuel economy of hybrid vehicles Saturn Vue Green Line and Mercury Mariner Hybrid compared; charts (M)')('2006112', 'The debate over science and religion has escalated from polite dialogue to the point of an intellectual free-for-all. Some scientists have suggested that science needs to take on an evangelical role, vying with religion as teller of the greatest story. Should scientists approach their work in an evangelical fashion? And if so, how can they [...]')('2006112', 'Forget blue states and red states. The more important divide is between the blue city and the red country.')('2006112', 'A 22-year old Afghani says most of the nation is thankful for the U.S. military presence - to a point.')('2006112', 'Dropping the draft issue, with a thud.')('2006112', "Two of The Washington Post's star politics reporters are leaving for an upstart online venture.")('2006112', "One of the most common questions I get is also the hardest: What can I as an individual do about Darfur? I try to address that in my Tuesday column, but I know it isn't that satisfying to talk about writing one's member of Congress or calling the White House. Still, remember what former Senator [...]")('2006112', 'Michael Richards commits career suicide before a live audience ... what now?')('2006112', 'Senator Chuck Schumer says Charlie Rangel\'s proposal to reinstate the military draft is D.O.A. in the Senate. [Capitol Confidential.] Ruling on school finance: Pataki court-packing pays off. [The Daily Politics.] "High Court to NYC Kids: Drop Dead!" [The Daily Gotham.] "Spitzer, Upstate and ESDC." [NYCO\'s Blog.] Placing bets on Empire Racing. [Left at the Gate.] [...]')('2006112', 'What?! A legal challenge to an election? In Florida?! No!')('2006112', 'Many of the 2008 presidential hopefuls are raising and spending money outside federal campaign limits, an easy _and legal _ thing to do at this early stage.')('2006112', "Today's Court of Appeals ruling is a blow to the city, but Mayor Bloomberg is being decidedly measured in his response (perhaps hoping that Eliot Spitzer and Sheldon Silver will come through, or just resigned that the jig is up?): Over the last five years, New York City has improved educational outcomes, increased the amount [...]")('2006112', "In the race between London and New York for the claim of the world's financial capital, it seems as if everything is a potential sign of who is winning. Judging from the number of initial public offerings or the number of hedge funds, London seems to be gaining ground, which is part of the reason [...]")('2006112', 'A selection of recent reader comments: Cranky Independent on "Bruno Praises Schools Decision": If that\'s the level of spending NYC requires, than the rest of the state requires vastly lower spending than today. So why should NYC residents pay state taxes for "property tax relief" elsewhere? Time to cut state education funding for the rest [...]')('2006112', 'Sacked. In an abrupt about-face, Rupert Murdoch\'s News Corporation has backed out of airing O.J. Simpson\'s non-confessional confessional TV-interview-and-book package "If I Did It," in which the ex-football star imagines how he would have killed his ex-wife, Nicole Brown and her companion, Ron Goldman. Simpson was acquitted for the crime, but was found liable for [...]')('2006112', 'Readers respond to David Brooks\'s Nov. 19 column, "The Smile of Reason." Steven Bissell, Arvada, Colo.: I normally disagree with you, but today\'s obviously heartfelt column really got to me. It is all to seldom that someone takes the time to give thanks to those who have influenced them. I really appreciated it. Stanley Kelley, [...]')('2006112', 'A Congressman promises to pursue bringing back the draft, but the odds of passage are slim. Why?')('2006112', 'Readers respond to Bob Herbert\'s Nov. 20 column, "Bought and Sold." C. Peter Hutchinson, Fairless Hills, Pa.: I wish the country would focus on this kind of problem. I believe respectable men do take sexual advantage of children. I am sorry the 15-year-old you mention had a very sad expression on her face in the [...]')('2006112', 'Tasting 2005 Burgundies.')('2006112', "Wall Street can be a very unsentimental place. News of the unexpected death of Craig Neilsen, the chairman and chief executive of Ameristar Casinos, sent the company's stock surging nearly 22 percent Monday amid speculation that - contrary to Mr. Neilsen's wishes - it would consider selling itself. There was a similarly ghoulish reaction back [...]")('2006112', "The victory lap by state Republicans over the school funding decision continues. From Gov. George E. Pataki's statement: After more than 13 years of litigation, this decision provides a clear roadmap to an appropriate conclusion to the CFE case and is a resounding affirmation of my strong belief that decisions regarding the state's finances and [...]")('2006112', "Breakup fees are a common feature of corporate mergers and acquisitions, providing a sort of consolation prize to the buyer under certain circumstances if a deal falls through. As transactions have gotten larger, though, the average breakup fee has failed to keep pace, according to a report from the investment bank Houlihan Lokey. Houlihan's survey [...]")('2006112', 'Everyone seems to have a theory about why Yahoo! is struggling. Google, its rival and a darling of the investment world, is often cited as a major cause of the Web portal\'s woes. Yahoo senior vice president Brad Garlinghouse recently compared his company\'s predicament to a popular condiment in a four-page internal memo dubbed "The [...]')('2006112', "Magazines love lists, and Fortune loves them more than most. For its latest roster of the most powerful people in business, however, Fortune has changed its approach. Whereas it had previously ranked its power players from No. 1 to No. 25, the magazine's latest issue features 25 moodily lit black-and-white photos of the business elite, [...]")('2006112', 'Governor-elect Eliot Spitzer gives a guarded statement on the CFE decision, saying the courts have "now determined the constitutionally-required amount of funding that must be provided to the New York City school district," but also adding that "we must provide more statewide funding than this constitutional minimum." The ruling can be viewed as good news [...]')('2006112', 'Mel Gibson on the set of his new film, "Apocalypto," in Mexico. (Andrew Cooper/Icon Distribution. via Associated Press) "Apocalypto" is another movie that is flying in under the radar, which may be understandable, given the kind of publicity its director, Mel Gibson, managed to generate for himself last summer. But the Baguette reports that there [...]')('2006112', "Mortimer Zuckerman's Boston Properties has agreed to sell 5 Times Square to AVR Realty for $1.28 billion, a record price for a Manhattan office tower. The 37-story skyscraper, which houses the national headquarters for Ernst & Young, will fetch $1,168 per square foot for its 1.1 million square feet of space. Go to Article from [...]")('2006112', "Thanks to a stray elbow at a dinner party, Steven A. Cohen's deal to buy a $139 million Picasso painting from Steve Wynn recently fell through. But Mr. Cohen, who leads the giant hedge fund SAC Capital, has bounced back with another art deal that is nearly as expensive. Over the weekend, Carol Vogel of [...]")('2006112', "In the largest leveraged buyout ever, Merrill Lynch is playing a starring role. The investment bank was listed as the exclusive financial adviser to Equity Office Properties Trust in that company's agreement to be taken private for $36 billion in cash and assumed debt. The buyer, Blackstone Group, called upon an array of financial advisers [...]")('2006112', 'One person who\'s very pleased with this morning\'s court ruling on education financing is the Senate majority leader, Joseph L. Bruno, who is soon to be the state\'s top Republican. Speaking on WROW radio in Albany this morning, Mr. Bruno said the state\'s highest court "basically said what I have said." The ruling said that [...]')('2006112', "Changes to the ol' red'n blue map could mean new territory for Democrats.")('2006112', "Even some of President Bush's best political friends don't like his administration anymore.")('2006112', 'As part of their proposals to create the "most ethical Congress in history," as Representative Nancy Pelosi put it, Democrats are considering prohibiting gifts from lobbyists and requiring more disclosure about earmarks.')('2006112', 'Post roundup...')('2006112', 'The Court of Appeals has issued its final ruling on the long-running battle over school aid to New York City, and it looks bad for the Bloomberg administration. The court said the state has to pay an additional $1.9 billion annually to the city - but that is far less than the $4 billion-plus that [...]')('2006112', 'German researchers suggest a "fundamental flaw" in microprocessor technology that would make it easy for hackers to steal information ...')('2006112', 'A couple of months ago, Los Angeles Times columnist Meghan Daum lashed out at TiVo for ruining her guilt-free television viewing. Now, Daum targets "the new literary genre that is Evite\'s response form" for ruining party-going. Thanks to Evite, no one will ever be able to party like it\'s 1999 again. Daum writes: It\'s not [...]')('2006112', 'Representative Charles B. Rangel is calling for a new military draft for all Americans over age 18.')('2006112', "Toronto-Dominion Bank, Canada's second-biggest lender, said it agreed to buy the 43 percent of TD Banknorth it does not already own for about $3.2 billion in cash. Toronto-Dominion offered $32.33 per share for its retail banking arm, or 6.5 percent higher than its closing share price on Friday. TD Bank Chief Executive Ed Clark said [...]")('2006112', 'Eliot Spitzer endorsing Andrew M. Cuomo, left, in September. (Andrea Mohin/The New York Times) In an hour-long interview, Attorney General-elect Andrew M. Cuomo told Jonathan Hicks of The Times that he wants to make his mark in other areas than his predecessor, Eliot Spitzer, who became known as "the sheriff of Wall Street." Mr. Cuomo [...]')('2006112', "Nasdaq on Monday offered to pay 2.7 billion pounds ($5.1 billion) for the London Stock Exchange, its second attempt to acquire Europe's biggest stock market. Nasdaq's previous bid was rejected, but it has built up a 25 percent stake in the London exchange since then, prompting widespread speculation that it would make another run. Yet [...]")('2006112', "Russian steel maker Evraz Group will buy Oregon Steel Mills in a $2.3 billion deal creating the world's largest rail producer and giving Evraz access to lucrative U.S. markets. Evraz, controlled by Russia's richest man, Roman Abramovich, said Monday its cash offer was 22.3 percent above Oregon's weighted average stock price for the past three [...]")('2006112', 'Live game-tracking resumes tonight (in the post above) for the Giants-Jacksonville game at 8:30 Eastern. Feel free to send comments on game strategy, or the lack thereof, and we\'re also interested in your comments on the commentators. In its first season under ESPN, "Monday Night Football" is facing mounting criticism for its broadcast crew\'s performance [...]')('2006112', "Reviewing Week 11 while we ponder how the British Columbia Lions broke the Grey Cup. They didn't break a record or break the game open. They broke the actual Cup. Feathers in Your Cap Receivers Chad Johnson had 190 yards receiving and 3 touchdowns. Lee Evans had 205 yards receiving ... in the first quarter! [...]")('2006112', 'Foreign troops arrive in Tonga, and a debate over what happened unfolds in the comments section of The Lede...')('2006112', 'Advice on what the new power brokers in Congress should do in January.')('2006112', 'Tribune has already informally put itself on the auction block, first offering itself as a whole and then exploring the sale of individual papers. It has already attracted attention from the likes of Los Angeles billionaires Ron Burkle, Eli Broad and David Geffen, as well as newspaper chains like MediaNews Group. So far it has [...]')('2006112', 'News quiz: which high-profile figures received a smackdown recently?')('2006112', 'Over the years, David Lynch has been accused of both brilliance and obtuseness as a director. But to the Bagger, he\'s also one guy willing to live his artistic values out loud. Several times in the past few weeks, the director of "Inland Empire" has camped out at busy Hollywood intersections so he could tout [...]')('2006112', 'A video of two Bank of America employees singing a version of U2\'s "One" to commemorate their company\'s acquisition of MBNA recently made the rounds of the blogs, prompting amusement and some ridicule from online viewers. But the intended comic effect of their performance and the retooled lyrics ("One spirit, we get to share it/Leading [...]')('2006112', '"Happy Feet" stomped 007. (Warner Brothers Pictures) The Bagger household did their bit to help Hollywood finish the year strong, paying retail - the horror! - for both "Happy Feet" and "Casino Royale," the weekend\'s biggest draws. His presence at both movies could be explained away by professional imperatives, but in truth, the Bagger has [...]')('2006112', "Investment bankers have plenty to be thankful for in this holiday-shortened week, which began with several megadeal announcements with a combined value of more than $70 billion. There was the Blackstone Group's record-breaking agreement to buy Equity Office Properties Trust, the nation's largest office-building owner and manager, for about $36 billion in cash and debt. [...]")('2006112', "In only the latest of several major deals to debut at this week's beginning, Bank of America will acquire Charles Schwab's private banking division, U.S. Trust, for $3.3 billion in cash, the companies announced Monday. The deal signals Bank of America's move into the lucrative private-banking sector, traditionally a stronghold of rivals like J.P. Morgan [...]")('2006112', 'As "Little Miss Sunshine" edges toward $60 million, one of the Bagger\'s sources suggested to him that the strong word-of-mouth, which continues to fill the movie\'s sails with wind - and its producer\'s pockets with glorious lucre - might have an influence on member\'s of the Academy. Lots of persistent chatter will create enough interest [...]')('2006112', 'One of the endless trailers the Bagger sat through this weekend was for "The Good Shepherd," and its edgy appeal made him wonder why it is not showing up yet at screenings. Entertainment Weekly\'s Dave Karger, who knows a thing or two about a thing or two, put the picture in the thick of his [...]')('2006112', "The former chief financial officer of bankrupt DVI, which financed medical diagnostic equipment for hospitals and clinics before filing for Chapter 11, was charged yesterday by the U.S. Attorney's Office with mail fraud and violating corporate financial reporting rules. Steven Garfinkel, who was C.F.O. of DVI, defrauded Fleet Bank by falsifying monthly borrowing reports that [...]")('2006112', "Two Enron executives received sharply reduced sentences Friday after cooperating with prosecutors to help convict the architects of the biggest scandal in United States corporate history. One executive, Michael Kopper, once the top lieutenant to Enron's former chief financial officer, Andrew S. Fastow, was sentenced to three years and one month in prison. An hour [...]")('2006112', 'Ford Motor said Friday it had been contacted by the Securities and Exchange Commission for additional information about its recent restatement of financial results. Go to Article from Reuters via CNN Money »')('2006112', "Wachovia Chief Executive G. Kennedy Thompson has been added to the Hewlett-Packard board of directors, marking the electronics manufacturer's first boardroom appointment since a pretexting scandal roiled the firm earlier this year. Mr. Thomson, who has led Wachovia since 2000, will become the ninth member of the board. Go to Article from MarketWatch »")('2006112', 'The American International Group has been subpoenaed as part of a federal criminal investigation into whether banks and financial firms conspired to rig bids for local government investment deals. A.I.G. received the subpoenas from the antitrust division of the Justice Department and the Securities and Exchange Commission. At least half a dozen companies have been [...]')('2006112', 'Software company CA is suing convicted former Chief Executive Sanjay Kumar for repayment of the $14.9 million it fronted for his defense, The Wall Street Journal reported. A court agreed to lay claim to his house, sports cars, yacht and other assets as security that he would be able to repay the sum if he [...]')('2006112', 'Home Depot said yesterday that one-third of its 12-member board would retire over the next 18 months, including lead director Kenbeth R. Langone, potentially clearing the way for fresher oversight of the home improvement retailer. Critics have charged that Home Depot has made several poor decisions lately, including one that was later reversed to cease [...]')('2006112', "The Universal Music Group, the world's largest music company, filed a copyright infringement lawsuit yesterday against MySpace, the popular social networking Web site, for allowing users to upload and download songs and music videos. The suit, which also names MySpace's corporate parent, the News Corporation, comes as the recording industry contends with how to exploit [...]")('2006112', "Despite warnings that recent buyout craze is the harbinger of a private equity bubble, at least one industry observer remains unconcerned by the deal mania. Market pundit Jim Cramer, writing in his Real Money column, says the bubble isn't really a bubble because the interest rates at which buyout shops are borrowing their cash to [...]")('2006112', "Clear Channel Communications and its directors were sued in a Texas state court following the radio-station operator's $18.7 billion agreement to be acquired by its founding family and two private equity firms. The lawsuit, which seeks class action status, charges Clear Channel and its directors with breaching their fiduciary duties by agreeing to sell the [...]")('2006112', "A former member of the Russian secret service and outspoken critic of Putin is poisoned in Britain; it's an old trope...")('2006112', "The private equity industry is pressing European regulators not to launch a U.S.-style investigation into accusations of price-rigging. In October, several of the nation's largest firms, including Kohlberg Kravis Roberts, the Carlyle Group, Clayton Dubilier & Rice and Silver Lake Partners, received letters from the Justice Department seeking broad information about their business practices and [...]")('2006112', 'Aushon Biosystems, a company developing microarrays and assays for the life science markets, has raised $7.78 million in Series A financing. New investor North Bridge Venture Partners led the round, joined by angel investors, said Aushon President John Austin. Go to Article from VentureWire Professional »')('2006112', 'Open-source software company Red Hat announced Friday that it has filed an application to list its common stock on the New York Stock Exchange, making the jump form the Nasadq stock market. Go to Article from CNet News.com »')('2006112', 'The Macao casino venture headed by James Packer and Lawrence Ho is moving ahead rapidly with its plans for a $1 billion initial public offering on the Nasdaq, with Citigroup, Credit Suisse and UBS expected to start marketing the offer to investors in the next few weeks, according to Bloomberg News. The venture is owned [...]')('2006112', "The Blackstone Group's $36 billion record buyout of Equity Office Properties Trust, the nation's largest office-building owner and manager, has thrust real estate investment trusts into an ever-brightening spotlight. But unlike the headline-grabbing deal by the Blackstone Group, investment bank J.P. Morgan has been quietly reaping the rewards for years from the strong financial performance [...]")('2006112', 'If you\'re looking for a Christmas present for your favorite financier, "Mellon" may do the trick. The book, published by Knopf and carrying a price tag of $35, is a fascinating biography of Andrew Mellon, the banker, mogul and Treasury secretary who had the good luck to preside over the country\'s finances during the Roaring [...]')('2006112', "Chevron said Friday that it called off plans to buy most of the gasoline stations owned by USA Petroleum, which runs California's largest network of independent outlets and is credited with inventing self-service fueling in the 1940s. The deal was called off because of aggressive scrutiny from the Federal Trade Commission, USA Petroleum's chief executive [...]")('2006112', 'Sportscar maker Porsche does not plan to make a full takeover bid for Volkswagen, in which it is already the biggest shareholder, German magazine Focus reported. Go to Article from Reuters »')('2006112', 'Blackwell Publishing, the historic British publisher that first backed J.R.R. Tolkien and Enid Blyton, was sold to U.S. rival John Wiley & Sons for 572 million pounds ($1.08 billion) Friday, handing the founding Blackwell family a substantial windfall. The sale of Blackwell, which nowadays is renowned for its educational and professional texts, John Wiley is [...]')('2006112', 'Volkswagen gave tentative approval Friday for Man\'s pursuit of Swedish truck maker Scania but said it may seek an "alternative solution" if it becomes clear that Man\'s hostile offer isn\'t going to be successful. Man, a German maker of trucks, has offered 475 kronor for each share of Scania, valuing the company at $13.2 billion. [...]')('2006112', "Esmark's hostile bid for steelmaker Wheeling-Pittsburgh succeeded Friday, when stockholders of the West Virginia company voted in Esmark's slate of directors. Among other things, the victory means closely held Esmark, founded three years ago by brothers Jim and Craig Bouchard, will become a publicly traded company without having to go through an initial public offering. [...]")('2006112', "Johnson & Johnson's announcement late Thursday that it would acquire the stent maker Conor Medsystems for $1.4 billion demonstrated once again that the company, a global health care giant, has the financial resources to pay premium prices to fill holes in its lineup. But because of patent disputes, there are questions about how soon Conor's [...]")('2006112', 'Shareholders of Aegis, the largest buyer of advertising space in Europe, will gather Wednesday to consider a proposal they already rejected once only six months ago. The meeting was demanded by the French investor Vincent Bolloré, the largest shareholder in Aegis, who is seeking to place two representatives on the Aegis board. But with shareholders [...]')('2006112', "President Bush has approved the proposed $11.8 billion takeover of Lucent Technologies by Alcatel of France, saying the merger of the two telecommunications equipment companies does not present any major national security concerns. The merged company will become one of the world's largest telecommunications equipment suppliers, generating about $25 billion in sales and accounting for [...]")('2006112', 'Reckson Associates Realty postponed a shareholder meeting to approve its pending sale to SL Green Realty and agreed to consider a $4.26 billion bid by billionaire investor Carl Icahn and Macklowe Properties. Go to Article from Bloomberg News via The New York Post »')('2006112', 'British Sky Broadcasting, the satellite television broadcaster, said late Friday that it had acquired a 17.9 percent stake in ITV, the biggest commercial broadcaster in Britain, giving it the power to thwart a growing list of potential suitors for ITV. The news of the purchase, worth about 940 million pounds, or $1.8 billion, comes amid [...]')('2006112', "The Brazilian steel giant Companhia Siderúrgica Nacional, or CSN, may have sparked a bidding battle for Corus Group on Friday by making a provisional bid of $8 billion for the British steel company. The Brazilian offer, worth 475 pence a share, tops an offer of 455 pence a share from India's Tata Steel that Corus [...]")('2006112', "The Blackstone Group, a private investment firm, said Sunday that it had agreed to acquire Equity Office Properties Trust, the nation's largest office-building owner and manager, for about $36 billion, including assumed debt. The deal marks the largest leveraged buyout in history, eclipsing the $33 billion paid earlier this year for H.C.A., the hospital chain, [...]")('2006112', "The faces are familiar, and the names are too: Chris McGurk, former vice chairman of MGM; Tom Pollock, former honcho of Universal; and Rob Friedman, a marketing guru late of the Sherry Lansing regime at Paramount. All these executives, once top members of Hollywood's power elite, are being given a new lease on life as [...]")('2006112', 'In this lesson, students research the development spurred by chain stores and its impact on American communities, debate the pros and cons, and write to their local planning boards urging them to consider a related local issue.')('2006112', 'Mothers Against Drunk Driving, backed by a group of state highway officials and car manufacturers, wants to change drunken driving laws to require that even first offenders install a device that tests drivers and shuts down the car if it detects alcohol. What do you think should be done to reduce the death toll from [...]')('2006112', 'Popular Demand column discusses spending on outdoor advertising in wake of Clear Channel Communications acquisition; spending of top ten companies, listed in millions, is listed; photo (S)')('2006112', 'Orbitz travel Web site names Mullen unit of Interpublic Group as creative agency on its account; spending is estimated at $50 million to $60 million annually (S)')('2006112', "Prime Minister Tony Blair of Britain and Gen Pervez Musharraf of Pakistan agree to strengthen cooperation on counterterrorism and other issues and stress need for political and economic measures along with use of military force to bring peace in Afghanistan; Musharraf brushes off criticism of Pakistan's efforts to quell Taliban, saying solution lies in Afghanistan; defends Pakistan's policy of entering peace agreements with local militants sympathetic to Taliban in semiautonomous regions that straddle both countries; photo (M)")('2006112', "Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra receives $29.5 million pledge from board chairman Richard P Simmons; $7.5 million will be spread out over next five years to help pay for immediate needs, $5 million more is contingent on orchestra's raising five times that amount and remaining $17 million goes to orchestra upon Simmons's death; photo (S)")('2006112', 'Correction; Nov 13 article in Giving section about donations to soldiers misstated cost of one program discussed')('2006112', 'Eisner Communications closes after year of account losses, revenue decline and staff departures; closing leaves 50 employees without jobs and several clients without agency (S)')('2006112', 'Emily Loubaton letter comments on Nov 16 article about invasion of personal space')('2006112', "Correction; Nov 18 article about Pres Bush's visit to Vietnam misstated circumstances under which Sen John McCain's plane crashed there during Vietnam War")('2006112', 'Correction; Nov 13 article in Giving section about line between philanthropy and for-profit enterprises misquoted Stephen M Case')('2006112', 'Correction; Nov 15 picture caption and review misspelled name of lead singer of Panic] at the Disco; he is Brendon Urie; also misidentified lyricist; he is Ryan Ross')('2006112', 'Albert Beckford is shot to death in Bronx by unknown assailant (S)')('2006112', 'Tom Cruise and Katie Holmes are married in Scientology ceremony in Italian town of Bracciano (S)')('2006112', 'Correction; Nov 10 NYC column about James Madison High School gave incorrect information about number of graduates who are Nobel Prize winners')('2006112', 'Letter from Sara Davis, executive director of Asia Catalyst, calls for China to stop detaining drug users in so-called treatment centers, which are tantamount to prisons (Nov 12 article)')('2006112', 'Matchup between Jacksonville Jaguars and New York Giants discussed; photo (S)')('2006112', 'Karen Dolins letter contends learning disabilities are not adequately addressed, even in suburban schools (Nov 13 article)')('2006112', 'Letter from Morton A Klein, president of Zionist Organization of America, contends Israel has met its obligations but Palestinian Arabs have shown no interest in living in peace (Nov 13 article)')('2006112', 'Homeless woman in Brooklyn who suffers with diabetes is given orthopedic shoes by Brooklyn Bureau of Community Services, recipient of funds from The New York Times Neediest Cases fund; photo (M)')('2006112', 'Correction; Nov 13 article in Giving section about support for community colleges misidentified recipient of large donation')('2006112', 'Anita Gates reviews musical How to Save the World and Find True Love in 90 Minutes with music by Seth Weinstein and book and lyrics by Jonathan Karp; Christopher Gattelli directs and Nicole Ruth Snelson, Michael McEachrar and Anika Larsen star; photo (M)')('2006112', 'Letter from William Goodman, legal director of Center for Constitutional Rights, praises court for finding constitutional basis for prohibiting use of punitive restraints in prisons (Nov 15 article)')('2006112', "Two letters comment on Nov 16 David Kuo Op-Ed article on role of evangelicals in politics; Kevin Causey says many people with strong faith oppose idea of creating Christian America; Susan Wood rails at notion that Pres Bush was 'swept' into office in 2000; recalls that he did not even receive plurality of vote")('2006112', "Pres Enrique Bolanos signs restrictive abortion law in Nicaragua, where abortion has been illegal for more than 100 years; women's groups had hoped law would be rejected, as there has been enormous pressure from doctors, United Nations and others (M)")('2006112', "Photo of puck commemorating New York Rangers player Jaromir Jagr's 600th career goal")('2006112', 'Correction of Nov 10 picture caption with review of exhibition at Hessel Museum of Art, Annandale-on-Hudson, NY')('2006112', "Five letters comment on Medicare Part D drug program; Marcia Feingold, prompted by Nov 15 article, says implementation of program is too complex for elderly to navigate on their own; Dr H Jack Geiger says it is American people, not just Democrats, who want universal health care using Medicare model (Nov 13 article); Michael Van Winkel, manager for media relations of Heartland Institute, says if lower drug prices are negotiated for Medicare recipients, it will result in higher prices for everyone else; John Glasel, secretary of Health Care for All/New Jersey, comments on Sec Michael Leavitt's assertion that price negotiation is unnecessary because marketplace has driven down prices; Alain Enthoven, emeritus professor of management at Stanford University, prompted by Nov 14 editorial, says it is better for government to focus on regulatory processes than managing marketplace among private-sector drug plans; drawing")('2006112', 'Correction; Nov 15 article on failure of balloons and stents to help some heart attack patients referred incorrectly to certain fees; also referred incorrectly to billing procedure and typical fees received by cardiologists')('2006112', 'Week of college football discussed (S)')('2006112', "Michigan University football team's loss to Ohio State University still keeps Michigan at No.2 spot on Bowl Championship Series rankings; photo (M)")('2006112', "Dave Anderson Sports of The Times column discusses New York Jets coach Eric Mangini, who has shied away from discussing team's playoff potential (M)")('2006112', 'Tennessee Titans defeat Philadelphia Eagles, 31-13; New England Patriots defeat Green Bay Packers, 35-0; Kansas City Chiefs defeat Oakland Raiders, 17-13; Pittsburgh Steelers defeat Cleveland Browns, 24-20; Buffalo Bills defeat Houston Texans, 24-21; Miami Dolphins defeat Minnesota Vikings, 24-20; Carolina Panthers defeat St Louis Rams, 15-0; Cincinnati Bengals defeat New Orleans Saints, 31-16; Arizona Cardinals defeat Detroit Lions, 17-10; Tampa Bay Buccaneers defeat Washington Redskins, 20-17; San Francisco 49ers defeat Seattle Seahawks, 2-14; photo (S)')('2006112', 'New Jersey Nets forward Cliff Robinson has sprained knee (S)')('2006112', 'Correction; Nov 14 article about health disparities between men and women misstated gap in government financing for research into most common sex-specific reproductive cancers')('2006112', 'Kelefa Sanneh reviews new CD by Snoop Dogg; photo (M)')('2006112', 'Photo of Ohio State University football team celebrating after win against Michigan University')('2006112', "Correction; Nov 19 article about Pres Bush's visit to Vietnam referred incorrectly to aircraft flown during war")('2006112', 'Sia Michel reviews new CD by Damien Rice; photo (M)')('2006112', 'Lawrence J Hahn letter says it is selfish for surfers to oppose building seawall to protect Montauk Point Lighthouse (Nov 14 article)')('2006112', 'Kelefa Sanneh reviews new CD by Killswitch Engage; photo (M)')('2006112', 'South Carolina University football coach Steve Spurrier says he plans to stay in job; photos (M)')('2006112', 'Photo of Jimmie Johnson, who won Nextel Cup championship')('2006112', 'Photo of Pres Bush and other world leaders in Vietnamese dress at economic conference in Hanoi')('2006112', "Round up of past week's advertising account changes (S)")('2006112', 'Nate Chinen reviews new CD by In the Country; photo (M)')('2006112', 'How a Navy administrative assistant ended up as part of a Civil Affairs team in Afghanistan.')('2006112', "In the closest vote since 2001, the Minnesota Twins' Justin Morneau edged the Yankees' Derek Jeter for the American League M.V.P. award. Do you think backlash against the Yankees' high payroll and star-studded roster affected the outcome of the vote? Related Article")('2006112', "All right, I know, I'm a little late on this, and a little not nice. But the fireworks were so spectacular, and Juan Pablo Montoya was not hurt, so I decided to post a photo of Juan's continuing apprenticeship in Nascar, this time in his first race in the Nextel series.... Driver Juan Pablo Montoya's [...]")('2006112', '"The moose works in mysterious ways." Joe Lieberman\'s new communications director signs off his blog. [The Bull Moose.] "The Moose lands on his feet." [Stubborn Facts.] A fan writes, "Lieberman is now in good hands ... or paws (whatever.)" [The Moderate Voice.] The Moose, Trotsky and Pat Robertson. [Raw Story.] Yesterday, Gov. George Pataki loved [...]')('2006112', 'Senator Joe Lieberman hires Marshall Wittmann as his communications director.')('2006112', 'Rudy Giuliani has now filed a second set of papers - this time with the Federal Election Commission - suggesting that he is exploring a 2008 presidential bid. Like the papers he filed in New York last week, the filing is not a declaration of his candidacy. It lets him conduct polls and spend money [...]')('2006112', 'Rudy Giuliani goes ahead and files formal papers with the Federal Election Commission as an exploratory committee for 2008.')('2006112', 'Ah, Jim Mora. At this time of Thanksgiving, I am thankful for this. That just never stops being entertaining. And the playoffs are just around the corner for fantasy football players. The Times sports league has one week left in the regular season. With a ginormous 16-team league and only six playoff berths, the playoff [...]')('2006112', 'Incumbents keep their leads in New Mexico and Ohio.')('2006112', 'The Bull Moose gets a job.')('2006112', "Sure, Tammy Duckworth lost her race to Peter Roskam, a Republican state senator, in the Illinois district currently held by retiring Representative Henry Hyde. But she's already on to new things.")('2006112', 'Is this a bond bubble?')('2006112', 'Robert Altman dies...')('2006112', "At a hearing this morning, members of the City Council's education committee verbally battered top city schools officials over contracts awarded without competitive bidding, especially a $15.8 million deal with the consulting firm Alvarez and Marsal. (It was hired to cut $200 million from the city's $15.4 billion education budget.) The hearing was full of [...]")('2006112', 'Music in restaurants.')('2006112', 'Persistence can be an admirable trait. But Nasdaq\'s months-long wooing of the London Stock Exchange may be wearing thin with some investors, Laurie Kulikowski of TheStreet.com suggests. On Monday, the London exchange rejected Nasdaq\'s latest takeover proposal, valued at $5.1 billion. Although Nasdaq called it a "final offer," it reserved the right to raise its [...]')('2006112', "Ohio artist's gingerbread Nazis are considered not to be appropriate for holiday window display. Go figure...")('2006112', 'Two people are killed on by New Jersey Transit trains in a bizarre sequence of events...')('2006112', 'What was the worst Internet acquisition ever? Many would nominate the expensive and ill-fated union of Time Warner and AOL. But that was only the second-worst Net deal, according to James Nicholson, an Internet entrepreneur and blogger whose own top 10 list of bad Web deals appears on the Seeking Alpha site. It is a [...]')('2006112', "Pirate Capital is back to its swashbuckling-shareholder ways. The activist hedge fund, which lost half its investment team in September, on Tuesday raised the pressure on security company Brink's to explore a sale of the company and put Pirate fund manager Thomas R. Hudson Jr. on its board. Through its Jolly Roger fund, Pirate owns [...]")('2006112', "New York State's chief judge, Judith S. Kaye, outlined a plan today to begin reforming the state's 300-year old system of town and village courts, which have been criticized for decades as outmoded, unsupervised and unfair. She plans to ask the legislature for $10 million to start the effort. In the plan: steps to increase [...]")('2006112', "Leveraged buyouts are not the get-rich-quick schemes they are often made out to be. Or at least, not always. That is the assessment of Geoffrey Colvin and Ram Charan, whose article in Fortune offers a different view of the private-equity phenomenon than many recent articles in the business media. Rather than focus on buyout funds' [...]")('2006112', "Sir John Bond, who retired as group chairman of HSBC Holdings in May, has joined buyout giant Kohlberg Kravis Roberts as a senior adviser, the firm said Tuesday. Sir John spent his entire 45-year career at HSBC, most of it in Asia, helping it grow into one of the world's largest financial institutions. In a [...]")('2006112', "A number of readers were offended by my Sunday column in which I cited a letter from a woman named Marguerite H. who told me that I shouldn't fuss over Darfur because we have so many problems at home. Basically, some readers thought I was mean, arrogant, mean, sanctimonious, mean, self-aggrandizing and, well, mean. Sonya [...]")('2006112', "Moving deeper into the United States mergers and acquisitions advisory business, Canada's RBC Capital Markets said Tuesday it agreed to buy Daniels & Associates, a Denver-based investment bank that specializes in the cable, telecommunications, media and technology industries. Financial terms were not disclosed. Daniels' recent deals include advising Level 3 Communications in its $137 million [...]")('2006112', "As I travel the developing world, I'm always fascinated by why some aid programs work so well and some don't work at all. It's a topic that has received some attention because of the dispute between Jeff Sachs and Bill Easterly, and I've written about it at length as well. Now my Times colleague Tina [...]")('2006112', 'With only a few races undecided, the new House of Representatives looks increasingly like a mirror image of the old.')('2006112', 'Pentagon officials are considering a substantial but temporary increase in troops in Iraq, known by some as a "surge option."')('2006112', 'Strange bedfellows at Atlantic Yards?')('2006112', "Investment bank Lazard and a long list of insiders will sell a total of 12 million Lazard shares to the public, the company said Tuesday. At the bank's Monday closing stock price of $45.79, the offering would net about $632 million in proceeds. Lazard and the group of partners will each sell about 6 million [...]")('2006112', 'Senator Sam Brownback of Kansas, billing himself as a "full-scale Ronald Reagan conservative," said he will decide if he\'s in or out next month.')('2006112', "PepsiCo said on Tuesday it will buy premium juice maker Naked Juice from private equity firm North Castle Partners for an undisclosed amount. Naked Juice, maker of all-natural juices and smoothies, has sales of more than $150 million, Pepsi said. The company will be added to its Tropicana division's portfolio of brands, and it will [...]")('2006112', "For some Democrats, the 2006 midterms illustrated that the party doesn't need the South.")('2006112', "A view of the Bush administration's new justification for keeping torture victims quiet.")('2006112', 'Reactions from the assasination in Lebanon of Pierre Gemayel...')('2006112', 'A group of venture investors have put $25 million into the tank at ZipCar, a company that provides short-term car rentals in major cities. Dan Primack of peHUB.com reported Tuesday that ZipCar secured the financing from a group led by Greylock Partners. Previous investors Benchmark Capital and Boston Community Ventures also participated in the funding [...]')('2006112', 'An uncomfortable thought: Has Eli Manning turned into Dave Brown? A frightening thought: Has he turned into Alex Rodriguez? First, a few words about the Dave Brown era, a virtual Gobi Desert of offensive production and an exception to a wonderful perk about sports journalism: telling your wife you have to watch a game because [...]')('2006112', 'Robert Sorich, a former aide to Mayor Richard Daley of Chicago, was sentenced to 46 months in prison on Monday for his role in corrupt hiring practices.')('2006112', 'Richard Wolf of USA Today asks Democrats the classic question: How are you going to pay for all of your big ideas, especially when one of them is cutting the budget deficit?')('2006112', 'The Wall Street Journal displays some annoyance with the G.O.P.')('2006112', 'Sunday\'s record-breaking buyout of Equity Office Properties Trust had many analysts predicting that yet more real-estate investment trusts will become takeover targets. UBS\' Scott Crowe wrote in a research note that the $36 billion deal, in which Blackstone Group is the buyer, "demonstrates that the bid for real estate is still strong." Expect more of [...]')('2006112', "This little test should save you some bucks the next time you're shopping for a camera.")('2006112', 'Current and former executives of Cheesecake Factory – including Chief Executive David Overton – will return $1 million in pay tied to improperly dated stock option grants, the company said Monday. The restaurant chain will also restate earnings for 2003 to 2005 and the first quarter of 2006 to reflect $5.5 million in previously unrecorded, [...]')('2006112', 'Having searched and found the elusive Oscar angle, the Bagger is able to commend an amazing report from Gregg Goldstein at Reuters. He writes that IFC Entertainment and the Weinstein Company have acquired rights to "Matthew Barney: No Restraint," a movie featuring pop singer Bjork and about 40,000 pounds of petroleum jelly. The film, by [...]')('2006112', 'Ellen Burstyn, who has enjoyed winning relationships with both Oscar and Tony, thinks there\'s a small problem with a lot of American actors. They stink. Ellen Burstyn with her new book, "Lessons in Becoming Myself." (Lucas Jackson/Reuters) "Acting? I think it needs some help," she told Reuters in a recent interview. "TV has lowered the [...]')('2006112', '20th Century Fox, which backed "Borat" to very lucrative effect, is not done making fun of the film\'s unhappy costars. "Plaintiffs may claim that they were tricked \'into making fools out of themselves\' and becoming \'unsuspecting players\' in the movie \'Borat,"\' the studio said in response to a lawsuit filed by two University of South [...]')('2006112', "Kate Winslet, when she isn't busy performing roles that kick up Oscar chatter, is serving as a muse for car designers. Jalopnik reports that Ms. Winslet told Jay Leno that the designer of the Jaguar XK had her figure in mind when he came up with the new look of the car. She was flattered, [...]")('2006112', 'Edward Norton is joining the fatwa against excessive Oscar swag, suggesting that there is something tasteless in gifting the already rich with stuff they don\'t need. "A lot of us have talked to the Academy Awards producers about this and I think they\'re actually going to scuttle the gift baskets and that kind of stuff," [...]')('2006112', "Chad Pennington's numbers have been almost as alarming as Eli Manning's. He now has more interceptions (11) than touchdown passes (10). His quarterback rating has fallen to 76.8, ranking 22nd in the league. His accuracy has dipped to 61.9 percent - he's still a precision machine compared with Manning - down from his 64.7 career [...]")('2006112', 'Michael Richards apologizes...')('2006112', "Alcatel, the world's largest supplier of broadband Internet equipment, sued Microsoft, accusing it of infringing patents for digital video and communication networks. While details of the alleged infringement were not disclosed, the company said that it sought to preserve Alcatel's rights to fair compensation for its intellectual property rights used by Microsoft. Go to Article [...]")('2006112', 'Despite resigning amid a stock option controversy, KB Home Chief Executive Bruce Karatz is walking away with as much as $175 million in severance pay, pension benefits and stock options, regulatory filings show. Go to Article from The Los Angeles Times »')('2006112', 'David M. Willey, the former finance chief at Capital One Financial, will pay $1.8 million, including an $801,000 fine, to settle insider-trading accusations, the Securities and Exchange Commission said Monday. Mr. Willey exercised almost 148,000 options on Capital One stock through swaps and cashless transactions, and sold 60,200 shares on the market in May 2002, [...]')('2006112', 'A state appeals court on Monday overturned a $1.5 billion judgment against Bank of America that ordered it to make payouts to 1.3 million elderly customers, saying the bank had not unlawfully raided their accounts. After a six-week trial in 2004, a jury and judge awarded $296 million to the customers, in addition to $1,000 [...]')('2006112', 'The tumultuous tenure of Robert P. Cummins as chairman, president and chief executive of the medical device maker Cyberonics has ended, the company disclosed Monday. Mr. Cummins, who is known as Skip, is a former venture capitalist who joined the board of Cyberonics in 1988 and became chief executive in 1995. He gained a reputation [...]')('2006112', 'Election reform measures wend their way through parliament in Russia, but opposition leaders say its just another way for the United Russia party to further consolidate power...')('2006112', 'It may not be such a warm Thanksgiving for the Redstone clan. The latest family member to tangle with Sumner M. Redstone, the Viacom chairman, is Michael Redstone, his nephew. He is suing both Sumner Redstone, 83, and his own father, Edward Redstone, 78, saying they cheated him and his sister, Ruth Ann, out of [...]')('2006112', "South Korean prosecutors on Monday indicted U.S. private equity group Lone Star Funds and the Korea Exchange Bank for stock-price manipulation, stepping up an investigation into the fund's 2003 acquisition of the Korean lender. The move came after a South Korean court last week issued warrants for two U.S.-based executives of Lone Star on charges [...]")('2006112', 'Lear, a supplier of automobile parts, said Monday that it had a nonbinding agreement in principle to contribute its North American auto interiors business to a joint venture with the financier Wilbur L. Ross. The deal calls for Lear to contribute the business and $25 million cash to the new International Automotive Components Group North [...]')('2006112', "Kohlberg Kravis Roberts is setting up a A$4 billion ($3.1 billion) joint venture with Australia's Seven Network in TV, magazines and online businesses, marking the U.S. group's first foray into Australia's media sector. Shares in Australia's second-ranked TV broadcaster, controlled by media mogul Kerry Stokes, soared 17 percent to a record high of A$12.41 and [...]")('2006112', "The rumors had been circulating for months that Equity Office Properties, the nation's largest office landlord, might join the parade of publicly traded real estate companies that were being taken private or merging with other public companies. But skeptics believed that with nearly 600 buildings in its portfolio – many of them prime buildings in [...]")('2006112', 'The venture arm of equipment maker Applied Materials has invested $3 million into Solaicx, a small company trying to put a dent into the shortage of silicon for solar cells. Solaicx specializes in equipment for making silicon ingots, logs of pure silicon that get heated to high temperatures and then sliced like lunch meats to [...]')('2006112', 'Envy may be a sin in some books, but it is a powerful driving force in Silicon Valley, where technical achievements are admired but financial payoffs are the ultimate form of recognition. And now that the YouTube purchase has amplified talk of a second dot-com boom, many high-tech entrepreneurs – successful and not so successful [...]')('2006112', "The yellow pages directories spin-off from Verizon Communications had a solid debut Monday on Wall Street, with shares climbing more than 7 percent. Idearc finished at $28.20, up $1.95, on volume of 8.2 million shares in composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange. That puts the Dallas-based company's market capitalization at $4.1 billion. Go [...]")('2006112', "Cerberus Capital Management is poised to quintuple the value of its original money in the Netherlands' AerCap Holdings after taking the company public. AerCap, which leases aircraft and engines and provides aircraft management and engine services worldwide, plans to list on the New York Stock Exchange. The company is offering 26.1 million shares of its [...]")('2006112', 'Amid growing fears that London may replace New York as king of the I.P.O. castle, Treasury Secretary Henry M. Paulson Jr. said Monday that excessive regulation and burdensome litigation were prompting companies to choose to list their stock on foreign exchanges over American ones. In a speech in New York on the competitiveness of the [...]')('2006112', 'For decades, European Union officials have been trying to plug holes that let tax dollars leak out of Europe through investments channeled into so-called offshore banking centers. Switzerland, as the biggest offshore center in the world, often has been a focus of their efforts. During the latest EU tax haven negotiations, which began in the [...]')('2006112', "Private banks – institutions that manage money for people with more than $1 million of assets to invest – are having to do many things differently these days, particularly in Asia. Asia's new rich are younger and more likely to be entrepreneurs than in Europe or North America, and they are often still involved in [...]")('2006112', "Royal Bank of Canada expects to close its first U.S. retail bank purchase in three years with next month's $456 million acquisition of Atlanta-based Flag Financial. The acquisition will be its first in the United States since the bank's brush with tough new anti-money laundering provisions contained in the USA Patriot Act. Go to Article [...]")('2006112', 'Cable giant Comcast, which for more than two years has been seeking prime-time TV programs to offer on its video-on-demand service, is poised to ink a deal with Disney for shows including Lost and Desperate Housewives, according to The Wall Street Journal. The show swap is part of a larger transaction that could be finalized [...]')('2006112', 'Check Point Software Technologies, the producer of solutions to secure Internet-based networks against intruders, agreed on Monday to acquire Protect Data for 180 Swedish kronor a share, or 4.15 billion kronor ($586 million). Go to Article from MarketWatch »')('2006112', 'We received quite a few responses when we asked readers to judge the first year of "Monday Night Football" on ESPN. But as with the other posts today, we\'re not here merely to mock; we want to make this a better world. So if Tirico-Theismann-Kornheiser are unacceptable, who should be in the booth? For help [...]')('2006112', 'BHP Billiton is in preliminary talks with several potential buyers for its Optimum coal mine in South Africa, a company spokesman told Reuters. While the report did not detail terms of the bid, in noted that a South African coal company made a $200 million offer for Optimum two weeks ago only to be promptly [...]')('2006112', 'Britain\'s Office of Communications opened a highly sensitive and unprecedented inquiry into BSkyB\'s 940 million pound ($1.78 billion) raid on ITV shares yesterday to see whether it was a "change in control." BSkyB is also facing accusations that it acted anti-competitively by acquiring a 17.9% stake in ITV, blocking a potential takeover by the cable [...]')('2006112', 'French media giant Lagardere said Monday it has agreed to buy Sportfive for 865 million euros ($1.1 billion), entering the market for televised soccer rights. France\'s largest publisher said the acquisition of the European manager of soccer-broadcasting rights will help it bolster its position in a sector with "strong growth potential." Go to Article from [...]')('2006112', 'The auction of Boston-based money manager Putnam Investments will move into its latter stages this week with final offers due from three bidders before the Thanksgiving holiday in the United States, The Wall Street Journal reported. The newspaper said that before Thanksgiving on Thursday, bids were expected from fund manager Amvescap, Italian bank Unicredito, and [...]')('2006112', 'As utilities Suez and Gaz de France hammer out the final terms of their planned $56.72 billion combination ahead of a key Suez board meeting Wednesday, a rising number of shareholders are threatening to reject the deal , according to The Wall Street Journal. In the past few weeks, U.S. and European institutional investors with [...]')('2006112', "Nasdaq failed to force the London Stock Exchange into merger discussions, leaving the New York company's dreams of a trans-Atlantic market in the hands of the British exchange's shareholders. Just hours after the new $5 billion bid were made public, the London exchange turned Nasdaq's offer down flat in a public statement that said London [...]")('2006112', "As millions of Americans get ready to fly this holiday week, some of the nation's airlines are putting themselves on standby for potential deals. The merger anticipation is the result of last week's unsolicited $8 billion bid by US Airways for Delta Air Lines, which is operating in bankruptcy protection. Delta has been cool to [...]")('2006112', 'In this lesson, students explore how humor can be used to teach important lessons, create storyboards for a cartoon that teaches younger children about the importance of hand washing, and critique a popular cartoon.')('2006112', "The commentary and play-and-play for the Giants' game at Jacksonville as it was typed in live: WRAPUP: There's plenty of season left and the Giants are still in first place, tied with the Cowboys with tiebreakers in hand, but does anyone feel confident? Once again, the team was indifferent for much of the game, coming [...]")('2006112', 'Photos of Major League Baseball award winners and contenders')('2006112', "Kate Buggelin letter on instability in Pakistan as threat to Afghanistan's efforts to rebuild")('2006112', "James Hartford letter on November 14 article about men's health suggests that overwhelming amount of research on men's health in past does not allow researchers to ignore health issues for men today; Taddy Mcallister letter says men should take more active role in maintaining their health")('2006112', 'Stroke victims are not helped by pricking their fingers with needle; getting quick emergency medical treatment is best course of action when someone is having stroke; drawing (M)')('2006112', "Photo of Salvation Army's Greater New York Brass Ensemble performing at Trump Tower in Manhattan to kick off its holiday-season collection of toys and money for needy")('2006112', "BSkyB aquires 17.9 percent stake in Britain's largest commercial broadcaster, ITV; may prevent Richard Branson from succeeding in his plans to strengthen his position in British media market (S)")('2006112', 'Correction of Business Day photo Nov 18 on G Kennedy Thompson joining board of Hewlett-Packard; photo was of Robert Holloway')('2006112', 'Chinese Pres Hu Jintao visits India as their historic rivalry turns to non-military issues of economic growth and competition for natural resources and political influence; two countries are putting aside distrust in favor of trade, despite long-held border issues (M)')('2006112', "Andrew M Cuomo forms wide-ranging group of more than 70 people to counsel him as he prepares to take over as New York's attorney general in January; chooses Robert Abrams, former state attorney general, to lead team (M)")('2006112', 'Nan L Glass letter on November 14 article about colonoscopies suggests that researchers develop less uncomfortable test preparation to cleanse bowel')('2006112', "Correction of Oct 28 Arts article about use of controversy to promote movies, with regard to movie Blood Diamond; De Beers mines in Botswana and has explored for diamonds on bushmen's land but says it has never moned on land from which bushmen were evicted")('2006112', 'Wilfred Candler letter lauds Boulder, Colorado, for approving carbon tax to reduce gas emissions')('2006112', 'Correction of Nov 17 report about Tongan political situation; nine of current parliament members are appointed by nobles and nine elected by the people')('2006112', 'Letters on Maureen Dowd and Thomas Edsall columns about Nancy Pelosi as new House speaker; Mary Lyn Maiscott finds it not surprising that Pelosi acts on relationships in making appointments, pointing out that Bush administration has given mindboggling new meaning to cronyism; Salvatore J Bommarito looks for common sense in Washington; Sam Turich says in backing John Murtha for majority leader Pelosi curries favor with Democratic left; Jeff Huggins wonders if Pelosi should read Machiavelli or Plato')('2006112', 'Sue Berry McMurray letter on November 14 article about aging suggests that retirement is not ending of something, but opportunity for many older people to become involved in other activities')('2006112', 'New York Yankees could pursue first baseman Eduardo Perez (S)')('2006112', "Letters on Nov 18 article quoting Pres Bush likening Vietnam to Iraq war; Steven Morris, Michael G Huelshoff, Victor H Margolis, Dennis Aftergut and Daniel Pitt Stoller believe he draws wrong lessons; William Archer Brown recalls how Bush used father's connections to dodge military service in Vietnam and says his preaching now deserves only contempt")('2006112', "Eighteen-year-old former student opens fire at high school in Emsdetten, Germany, wounding teacher, caretaker and several students; gunman's body is found with explosive attached, apparent suicide (S)")('2006112', 'Roy Williams is sentenced to 25 years in prison for series of crimes, including rape and robbery, that he committed in Queens over two week period in Jan 2005 (S)')('2006112', "Children's Aid Socety, one of seven agencies supported by New York Times Neediest Cases Fund, offers low-income students, who meet strict requirements, 10-day trip to Germany through its Leadership Academy; photos (M)")('2006112', "Letters from Mike D'Anna, James H Campbell and Dan Dalton react to Nov 18 article on grunting and other objectionable noises at the gym")('2006112', 'Sen John McCain struggles to shore up position with Republican right as he faces prospect of presidential primary fight with Mitt Romney and others; photo (S)')('2006112', 'Trial of Anthony Pellicano, Hollywood private eye accused of masterminding long-running wiretapping ring, is delayed until August; photo (S)')('2006112', 'FlexSys Inc and Air Force have developed flexible wings and rotors that reduce drag and increase fuel efficiency; design illustrated (M)')('2006112', 'Correction of Nov 16 report about arrest of five students on disorderly conduct charges after demonstration on Pace University campus; release noted')('2006112', "Democrats will likely have House majority close to 232, which was Republicans' majority in outgoing Congress (S)")('2006112', "Gov Kathleen Babineaux Blanco letter says Washington politics should not hinder Louisiana's essential coastal restoration projects")('2006112', 'German authorities detain six men in connection with suspected plot to to place bomb on airliner, reportedly targeting Israeli carrier El Al (S)')('2006112', 'Correction of Nov 16 article about Joe Courtney, declared winner in Conn House race; Courtney led incumbent Rob Simmons by 167 votes on Election Day')('2006112', 'Correction of Nov 16 article about immigration issues in Texas; state Supreme Court ruled in 1982 that Tyler could not deny schooling to illegal immigrant children, but did not include health care as constitutional right')('2006112', "Correction of Nov 17 article about impact of Asian energy rush; Indonesia has Southeast Asia's largest economy")('2006112', 'Dr Sanaz Piran, McMaster University, Canada, internal medicine resident, leads study that identifies form of atherosclerosis in children; research, which was presented at American Heart Assn conference, suggests that these high risk children need same type of attention as adults with similar condition; drawing (M)')('2006112', 'Wang Zhenchuan, Chinese judicial official, calls for end to use of torture by police and prosecutors in extracting criminal confessions (S)')('2006112', "Drs Suzanne M Levine and Everett M Lautin letter on Jane E Brody November 14 Personal Health column about foot pain says that many foot ailments are hereditary and can be made worse by ill-fitting shoes, but are not caused by them; Leah Breier letter suggests home remedy for pain caused by Morton's neuroma; drawing")('2006112', 'Photo of Maria Sharapova')('2006112', 'Prime Min Tony Blair, in first visit to Kabul, warns that fight against Taliban and Al Qaeda will take years and that NATO needs to refocus on commitment in Afghanistan until job is done; speaks with Prime Min Hamid Karzai in advance of NATO summit in Riga; visits British troops in Helmand in south (S)')('2006112', 'Correction of Mutual Fund listings Nov 19; outdated information was published; updated data is online at nytimes.com/your money')('2006112', 'CBS is No 1 in total viewers for Sunday night; ABC is No 1 among viewers age 18 to 49; NBC falls to third place after dominating previous two Sundays with Sunday Night Football games (S)')('2006112', 'Correction of Nov 18 article about Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam; Asean has ten members')('2006112', 'Dartmouth College acquires papers of novelist and screenwriter Budd Schulberg; photo (S)')('2006112', 'Correction of Nov 16 article about fatal shooting outside subway station in Canarsie, Brooklyn; location is Rockaway Parkway')('2006112', "Correction of Nov 16 review of Limon Dance Company; Lar Lubovitch's Recordare had premiere in Cleveland")('2006112', 'Democratic control of new Congress means that industries with most to fear from regulation will have to find new friends on Capitol Hill; list of lawmakers who have received large contributions from oil and gas companies, restaurant and bar industry and pharmaceutical companies; photos (S)')('2006112', 'Italian government removes Nicolo Pollari, head of military intelligence service, in connection with 2003 abduction of Egyptian cleric Hssan Mustafa Osama Nasr; also removed are Gen Mario Mari, head of domestic secret service and Emilio Del Mese, chief of intelligence oversight committee (S)')('2006112', 'A gay couple that married in Massachusetts files for divorce in Rhode Island, officially sending things into a state of right proper confusion...')('2006112', 'Not only is Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg not planning to run for president himself in 2008, he said yesterday, but he does not plan to support anyone else for the job, either. "I think that what I\'ll probably do is stay out of the national elections," Mr. Bloomberg told reporters, saying that as mayor he [...]')('2006112', 'Have a good holiday.')('2006112', "Kirk Kerkorian is pressing his luck with the nation's second-largest casino operator. Nearly two months after General Motors rejected his proposal to ally itself with Nissan and Renault - and shortly before he announced the sale of 14 million G.M. shares - the billionaire investor has offered to increase his stake in MGM Mirage, potentially [...]")('2006112', 'Blogtalk. Happy Thanksgiving.')('2006112', 'For those of you who found that Robert Altman\'s death landed with some personal impact, you may want to spend Monday evening with like-minded folks. By way of homage - and communal recognition of a life in the movies well-lived - the Film Society of Lincoln Center will be screening "A Prairie Home Companion," Mr. [...]')('2006112', 'A new study shows that Midwestern television viewers saw 2-1/2 times more political ads about campaigns than received news information about them during their local news broadcasts.')('2006112', "A golf company buys time ad time on the International Space Station... what's next?")('2006112', '[Updated] The Politicker has posted a puzzling apology and correction to the article in today\'s Observer about the break between Eliot Spitzer and State Comptroller Alan Hevesi. The reporter says some quotations were mistakenly attributed to a well-known Democratic operative by name: "I didn\'t interview him for the story on the record or off, and [...]')('2006112', 'A Citigroup spokesman told Reuters on Wednesday that Sallie Krawcheck, the banking giant\'s chief financial officer, is not considering quitting. And who said that she was? CNBC\'s Charles Gasparino reported Wednesday afternoon that Ms. Krawcheck, one of Wall Street\'s most powerful women, "doesn\'t like her job too much lately." Mr. Gasparino\'s report indicated that Ms. [...]')('2006112', "Want to find out how Albany legislators spend their pork? Good luck. The State Senate finally released its full list of pork-barrell projects from two and three years ago. But the list is so long for the most recent year available - more than 3,200 pages - that the computer in the Empire Zone's Albany [...]")('2006112', 'Nursultan Nazarbayev, the president of Kazakhstan, has decided to go with the "Borat" flow after all. "This film was created by a comedian so let\'s laugh at it, that\'s my attitude," the smiling president told reporters at a joint news conference with British Prime Minister Tony Blair. "There\'s a saying that any publicity is good [...]')('2006112', 'Our buddies at Baseline, the industry source for all things movies (which was recently bought by The New York Times), pointed out that Robert Altman, even at 81, was attached to no less than five different projects. Many in the industry clearly felt that Altman still had his fastball, and his upcoming schedule reflected his [...]')('2006112', 'The officer behind the Tasering incident had a troubled past...')('2006112', 'Investment bankers and corporate lawyers seemed to take a break on Wednesday - and they certainly earned it. About $3.1 trillion worth of transactions have been announced this year, including about $50 billion on Monday alone. That was when Blackstone offered $20 billion (excluding debt) for Equity Office Properties and Freeport-McMoRan agreed to pay $25 [...]')('2006112', 'The Los Angeles Times had a great piece this morning deconstructing the complicated marketing problem presented by "Apocalypto." Claudia Eller writes: "Graphically violent, subtitled and cast with relatively unknown actors who speak their lines in an obscure dialect, Gibson\'s tale of a collapsing Mayan civilization was already outside Hollywood\'s mainstream fare. Then came Gibson\'s humiliating [...]')('2006112', 'Is "Grey\'s Anatomy" affecting how doctors dress?')('2006112', 'Free O.J.! The Los Angeles Times editorial page mourns Fox\'s decision to scrap its "If I Did It" interview with O.J. Simpson, because it strengthens the "censorial power" of local TV affiliates in their battles with the networks. Its editorial argues: Much ink has already been spent in attempting to answer - or merely to [...]')('2006112', "Restaurants openings that aren't.")('2006112', "This holiday season there are fewer excuses than ever for not keeping in shape while on the road because it's getting easier to work out at hotels. Tell us which hotels you think have the best work out facilities? Back to Article")('2006112', 'Janet Reno has joined seven other former Justice Department officials in criticizing the Bush administration strategy of indefinite detention of terrorism suspects.')('2006112', 'CNN and Nancy Grace are sued by the family of Melinda Duckett, who committed suicide after being interviewed on the network...')('2006112', 'Every now and then, the Web provides a showcase for talent in corners where you never would have expected to find it.')('2006112', 'Question for Democrats: populism or campaign cash?')('2006112', 'The surest sign the Democrats are in charge of the House now: Better office space.')('2006112', 'On a brilliant summer day in 2005, the Bagger was on the set of "A Prairie Home Companion," sitting on a golf cart with Robert Altman, the ringmaster of proceedings that included Tommy Lee Jones, Meryl Streep, Lindsay Lohan and, of course, Garrison Keillor. Previously the Bagger had noticed that writer/director Paul Thomas Anderson, was [...]')('2006112', "Help Iraqis withdraw from Iraq; Richards's racism; putting Pelosi on notice.")('2006112', 'The number of Iraqi deaths hits a new monthly high, according to the U.N., but counting civilian deaths in Iraq remains an opaque business...')('2006112', '(The Samkon Gado Watch is a weekly look at the best players available in more than 50 percent of fantasy leagues.) When talking about the Saints before the season, fantasy players were focused on one question: Who was a more attractive pick, Deuce McAllister, the All-Pro tailback coming off a knee injury, or Reggie Bush, [...]')('2006112', "Qantas Airways, Australia's national carrier, became the latest target of private equity groups on Wednesday, when it announced that it had been approached by a consortium led by the Macquarie Bank of Sydney and the Texas Pacific Group. Qantas and the bidders provided few details, but in a statement to the Australian Stock Exchange, the [...]")('2006112', 'The head of global stocks at the Citadel Investment Group, a $12 billion Chicago-based hedge fund, has left the firm, amid rumors that that the fund had lost money in the energy market, The New York Times reported. The move came a surprise as Anand Parekh, who left Citadel on Friday, was seen by some [...]')('2006112', 'The United States attorney in Manhattan said yesterday that he would not prosecute five former trading specialists at the New York Stock Exchange who faced criminal charges for making illegal trades, leaving just one case outstanding from the 15 men originally charged. Michael J. Garcia, the United States attorney, said in a statement that after [...]')('2006112', "Comcast has bought Walt Disney's 39.5 percent stake in E Networks for $1.23 billion, and the two companies have landed long-term distribution agreements for 10 ABC-owned television stations and other Disney networks. The deal extends a content distribution agreement for the 10 ABC-owned broadcast television stations and many of Disney's TV networks, including Disney Channel, [...]")('2006112', 'Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group and Sumitomo Trust & Banking on Tuesday reached a 2.5 billion yen ($21 million) settlement over a failed trust bank merger, bringing to an end a 28-month legal battle. The dispute centered around a failed tie-up between the two banks that failed when UFJ Holdings backed out of the deal in [...]')('2006112', "The new chief executive of AOL, Randy Falco, named Ronald E. Grant as president yesterday. Mr. Grant, 40, was senior vice president for operations at AOL's parent, Time Warner. In his latest position at Time Warner, Mr. Grant helped the company president, Jeffrey L. Bewkes, create a strategy to increase AOL's revenue. Go to Article [...]")('2006112', 'The accounting firm KPMG asked a federal appeals panel Tuesday to rule that a district judge could not compel the firm to pay the legal fees of former executives facing criminal charges in a tax-shelter fraud investigation. Appearing before a three-judge panel of the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit, a lawyer [...]')('2006112', 'The New York Times Company has spurned an approach from a group of investors including retired General Electric chief executive John Welch Jr. who want to buy the Boston Globe, the Globe reported Wednesday. In a Nov. 17 letter, Times chief executive Janet Robinson said the Globe remains an important asset for the company and [...]')('2006112', 'Less than three weeks after they reached an accord hailed as proof that rival software companies could work together, the chief executives of Novell and Microsoft are engaged in an unusual public dispute. Explaining the agreement at a software developers\' conference in Seattle last week, Steven A. Ballmer, Microsoft\'s chief executive, said it "appropriately compensated [...]')('2006112', "As Google shares passed the $500 mark yesterday (shares closed at $509.65), the battle was on between the believers and the skeptics. The question: Is the stock overvalued, or does the potential growth of the Web giant support the high price? After going public only a little more than two years ago, Google's market capitalization [...]")('2006112', "U.S. buyout fund Lone Star Funds is close to terminating its $7.3 billion deal to sell Korea Exchange Bank to Kookmin Bank because of a prosecutors' investigation into the deal, the Financial Times reported on Wednesday. Go to Article from Reuters »")('2006112', 'Listed London private equity firm 3i Group announced the final closing Tuesday of a 5 billion euro ($6.4 billion) fund it said is the largest dedicated to the European mid-market. 3i, which stretches the concept of mid-market to include buyouts of up to 1 billion euros, said the original target for its Eurofund V was [...]')('2006112', 'Intematix, a next-generation materials research and development firm, raised $16.5 million in a third venture round led by Crosslink Capital and Samsung Ventures. Also participating in the financing was new investor Presidio STX, a subsidiary of Sumitomo, and existing investors Draper Fisher Jurvetson, East Gate Capital and Pacifica Fund. Go to Article from The San [...]')('2006112', 'Timing device developer Spectra Linear of Santa Clara, Calif., has raised $14 million in second-round funding from venture investors to help finance its deal to buy key technology from Cypress Semiconductor. First-time backer ComVentures joined existing investors Norwest Venture Partners and Interwest Partners in the deal. Go to Article from The Daily Deal »')('2006112', 'Spirit AeroSystems Holdings shares rose 12 percent on their first day of trading in New York, amid speculation that the airline industry is headed for a new round of consolidation. The company, the biggest supplier of airliner components to Boeing and Airbus, is a unit of leveraged buyout firm Onex, which formed Spirit in 2005 [...]')('2006112', 'Infosys Technologies, the outsourcing company, will offer $1.6 billion worth of its shares in the United States, the biggest overseas offering by an Indian company. The 30 million American depository shares, each worth one common share, were priced at $53.30. Go to Article from The New York Times »')('2006112', 'Alesco Financial debuted as a public company Tuesday as underwriters priced 26.4 million shares at $9 apiece. Underwriters, led by Merrill Lynch and Bear Stearns, were granted an over-allotment option to sell an additional 3.96 million shares. Go to Article from TheStreet.com »')('2006112', "In another sign of the growing clout of Indian banks, Mumbai-based ICICI Bank is seeking to borrow $1 billion to bolster its capital base and expand lending in the country's supercharged economy, according to Bloomberg News. The bank has reportedly hired 14 banks to handle the debt offering which will be raised in yen, thanks [...]")('2006112', "HCA's $5.7 billion sale of below-investment-grade bonds has become the biggest bonanza for investors in at least three years. The securities rose as high as 104 cents on the dollar, cutting yields by 70 basis points since the Nov. 8 sale. Proceeds will help pay for the $33 billion takeover of the the biggest U.S. [...]")('2006112', "Credit Agricole, France's biggest retail bank, reported a 12 percent rise in year-on-year third-quarter net profit that was above the average market forecast, although earnings fell from previous quarters. Go to Article from Reuters »")('2006112', "David Berry, the maverick former head trader at Scotiabank's Scotia Capital division who was fired by the bank in June 2005, has filed a lawsuit alleging wrongful dismissal and seeking C$105 million ($92 million) in lost wages and damages. Mr. Berry was fired after an investigation into a possible breach of securities rules was initiated [...]")('2006112', 'As Senator Christopher J. Dodd prepares to take over the leadership of the Senate Banking Committee while also considering a run for the presidency, a question mark hangs over whether Mr. Dodd will be a better friend to big business or to the man on the street. Mr. Dodd will oversee a committee loaded with [...]')('2006112', 'Every good campaign needs a slogan. Now, Delta Air Lines, in its effort to fend off a $8.8 billion hostile takeover from rival carrier US Airways, not only has a slogan, but a button to boot. The Delta Board Council, an employee group, has come up with the catch-phrase "Keep Delta My Delta" and has [...]')('2006112', 'CoTherix, a Brisbane biotechnology company specializing in cardiovascular treatments, has agreed to be purchased for $420 million in cash by Swiss-based Actelion, the companies announced Monday. Go to Article from The San Jose Mercury News »')('2006112', "Givaudan, the world's largest flavor supplier, on Wednesday said it had agreed to buy Imperial Chemical Industries' fragrance-and-flavor business, Quest International, for 1.2 billion pounds ($2.28 billion). Go to Article from MarketWatch »")('2006112', "A judge on Tuesday blocked Gaz de France from completing details of its planned merger with the French utility Suez, casting further doubt over the outcome of a deal already fraught with political tension. Judge Bernard Valette in Paris upheld a complaint by a Gaz de France workers' council, agreeing that the workers – who [...]")('2006112', 'U.S. investor Samuel Heyman said on Tuesday that entities he controls now had rights to an 8.8 percent stake in the London Stock Exchange, in a move that could complicate a bid by Nasdaq. Go to Article from Reuters »')('2006112', "ITV, the largest commercial broadcaster in Britain, rejected on Tuesday a 4.73 billion pound takeover offer from the cable operator NTL, saying the proposed combination made little strategic sense and undervalued the business. The rejection is the second blow to NTL and its biggest shareholder, Richard Branson. BSkyB, which is controlled by Rupert Murdoch's News [...]")('2006112', 'NYSE Group made a major concession Tuesday in its bid to get Euronext investors to approve a combination of the two exchanges, agreeing to evenly split the board between Europeans and Americans. The New York Stock Exchange, which previously was expected to have a slight edge on the board, said that the board of the [...]')('2006112', "In the market for a shiny new Manhattan apartment? You might not want to wait until spring. An analysis by The New York Observer found that the median sale price for Manhattan co-ops and condos tends to spike in the second quarter of the year - not long after Wall Street's top workers cash their [...]")('2006112', 'EarthLink, the Web access provider, said yesterday that its chief executive, Garry Betty, would take a medical leave to fight cancer. Michael Lunsford will become interim chief executive, EarthLink said yesterday in a statement. Go to Article from Bloomberg News via The New York Times »')('2006112', 'All that deal making seems to have worn out Michael Arrington, the founder of the blog that broke the news of Google\'s $1.65 billion acquisition of YouTube. The TechCrunch founder and Silicon Valley man-about-town, announced on his blog on Sunday that he is taking a break over the holidays. "I\'m completely burned out on those [...]')('2006112', "(James Alder is the football guide for About.com) While other sports reporters fall all over the San Diego Chargers after two big come-from-behind efforts, we have to ask, where is the love for the Chicago Bears? This is a team that went into the Meadowlands and won two weeks in a row. And they didn't [...]")('2006112', '(Naila Jean-Meyers, John Woods, Andrew Das and Benjamin Hoffman contributed items) Home for the Holiday On Thursdcay, Miami quarterback Joey Harrington will make his first start in Detroit since last Thanksgiving, a game he called "embarrassing" after he was removed late in the first half. Harrington\'s benching signaled the beginning of the end of his [...]')('2006112', 'In this lesson, students learn about the Nov. 21, 2006, assassination of Pierre Gemayel, a Lebanese cabinet minister and anti-Syrian Christian. They then explore and report on the connection between religious affiliation and politics in Lebanon.')('2006112', 'Tanglewood Festival in summer 2007 will feature 11 programs conducted by James Levine; photo (S)')('2006112', 'More than 2,000 people attend memorial service for Ed Bradley at Riverside Church in Manhattan; Bradley dies on Nov 9 at age 65; among notables in attendance is former Pres Bill Clinton, Clinton comments; photos (M)')('2006112', 'Correction of Nov 17 report on cost of reopening High Bridge over Harlem River in New York City; Baker Engineering is in Elmsford')('2006112', 'Photo of restaurant kitchen, taken through glass front from Manhattan street')('2006112', 'Infosys Technologies, outsourcing company, will offer $1.6 billion worth of its shares in US, biggest overseas offering by Indian company; shares are priced at $53.30 (S)')('2006112', 'New Line Cinema informs Peter Jackson that he will not be directing film The Hobbit, based on J R R Tolkien book; photo (S)')('2006112', 'Week of NFL games discussed; photos (M)')('2006112', 'Letters on Nov 18 article on Palestinian frustrations; Gregg M Mashberg says real story is how Palestinians have rejected peace plans, caused their own suffering and used it to delegitimize Israel; Jacob Amir points out that inconvenient security measures do not compare to irreversibility of death from bombing; Joseph Nevins says Israeli checkpoints and barriers reflect land grab; Barry Lynn hopes road to Bethleham near his house will be opened one day')('2006112', 'International agreement is reached to build International Thermonuclear Experimental Reactor in Cadarache, France, at cost of $12.8 billion (S)')('2006112', 'Photo of funeral in Elkhart, Indiana, for four young children found suffocated in their home; mother, Angelica Alvarez, is under arrest')('2006112', 'Amb Bernard Goonetilleke says Sri Lankan government has longstanding zero-tolerance policy on recruitment of children for combat')('2006112', 'Yong Ning Dai get help with household expenses from UJA-Federation of New York, beneficiary charity of New York Times Neediest Cases Fund; photo (M)')('2006112', 'Letters on Nov 20 editorial on hunger; Tina Charney says semantics used by Agriculture Department matter; Deborah Kadin says national disgrace is correct phrase')('2006112', 'Correction of Nov 8 and 9 summaries of Washington State election results; voter initiative on property rights, which was defeated, explained')('2006112', 'New York State Chief Judge Judith S Kaye will ask Gov-elect Eliot Spitzer to appoint her to second term; she would serve until 2008 when she reaches mandatory retirement age of 70; photo (S)')('2006112', "Letter from Dr Denise Cardo of Centers for Disease Control on Betsy McCaughey's Nov 14 Op-Ed; says guidelines do call for screening for methicillin-resistant Staph infections as part of overall strategy to prevent health care-associated infections, but that there is not sufficient scientific evidence to support universal screening in all US health care facilities")('2006112', 'Correction; Nov 15 listing of wines for Thanksgiving noted incorrect price')('2006112', 'Correction of Nov 18 article about James Shikwati, Kenyan who founded conservative policy group and has criticized foreign aid to Africa; spokesman for United Nations food program is Peter Smerdon')('2006112', 'Photos of New York Knicks player Stephon Marbury, New York Giants Coach Tom Coughlin and New York Yankees player Derek Jeter, whose teams lost in most recent games')('2006112', 'Correction of Nov 17 Weekend article about listening to recordings with jazz composer-conductor Maria Schneider; hermonic interval she described is minor third')('2006112', "Letters on Nov 21 editorial and Rep Charles Rangel's views on whether to restore US military draft; Richard Roth says Rangel is shrewd to call nation's bluff and show commitment to Iraq war; Christian Danielsen says draft would end practice of going to war with other people's children; Norman Daniels says public lies about Iraq's weapons of mass destruction might have fooled public even with draft but war resistance might have materialized sooner; Samuel Z Klausner rebuts arguments against draft; Per Halvorsen says reinstating draft is not solution, although he agrees with Rangel on sharing burden of war; Jerry Wallingford says Rangel's aim is to get college crowd off iPods and into streets to end illegal, immoral war")('2006112', 'Correction of Nov 17 article about conservative policy institutes; Reps Mike Pence, Jeff Flake and Tom Tancredo are former presidents of conservative policy institutes, but not of Mackinac Center for Public Policy in Midland, Mich')('2006112', "Correction of Nov 18 obituary about football coach Bo Schembechler; University of Michigan stadium's seating capacity, now 107,501, was 101,001 in 1969")('2006112', 'Canadian officials say man falsely identifying himself as Paul William Hampel, who was arrested on undisclosed espionage charges, is agent for Russian foreign intelligence service; authorities release details of arrest (S)')('2006112', 'Brooklyn Kitchen is no-frills store in Greenpoint neighborhood that stocks pots, pans and array of kitchen gadgets; photo (S)')('2006112', 'Anita Gates reviews TJ and Dave, improvisational comedy show featuring T J Jagodowski and Dave Pasquesi; photo (M)')('2006112', 'Correction of Nov 18 report on acquittal of Jordanian immigration on charges of lying to grand jury investigating Sept 11 terrorist attacks; one of hijackers was Khalid al-Midhar')('2006112', "Correction of Nov 19 article about Pres Bush's speedy visit to Vietnam, and its contrasts with Pres Clinton's extended tour six years ago; Vietnam-era aircraft was F-105D fighter-bomber")('2006112', 'Dave Anderson Sports of The Times column contends that New York Giants quarterback Eli Manning must improve during next games against Tennessee Titans and Dallas Cowboys; photo (M)')('2006112', 'Voting reform advocates urge New York City Board of Elections to reject touch-screen electronic voting machines during hearings on replacing lever machines (S)')('2006112', 'Photo of memorial service for former Michigan University football coach Bo Schembechler')('2006112', 'Correction of Nov 22 article about shooting of Westchester couple; New Castle police number noted')('2006112', 'Minnesota Twins first baseman Justin Morneau wins American League MVP award; photos (M)')('2006112', "Decathlete Dan O'Brien is elected to National Track and Field Hall of Fame (S)")('2006112', 'Correction of Nov 17 report on Phillips art auction; Paul Thiebaud did not purchase Richard Prince photo that sold for $744,000; Mike Kelley is artist whose installation sold for $2.7 million')('2006112', 'Photo of basking shark being unloaded from fishing boat in Sesimbra, Portugal; 23-foot fish weighing nearly three tons was dead when it was caught by nets ten miles off coast')('2006112', "Correction of July 31 article about monthlong retreat for college conservatives run by Young America's Foundation, which is based in Herndon, Va; program is at Reagan Ranch Leadership Academy")('2006112', "Roundup of new cookbooks: Seduced by Bacon: Recipes and Lore About America's Favorite Indulgence by Joanna Pruess with Bob Lape and The Orange: Golden Joy by John Train; Sake: A Modern Guide by Beau Timken and Sara Deseran offers tips about drinking sake; photos (S)")('2006112', 'Photo of Golden Key Motel in Egg Harbor Township, NJ, where authorities identify one of four bodies found behind motel')('2006112', 'Mark Bittman The Minimalist offers recipe for turkey confit (M)')('2006112', 'Letter from Anita and Myron Pulier says judges should not enjoy free parking in New York City')('2006112', 'Report by several international agencies shows that more than million babies die each year in first month of life in Africa, with little outside notice because of cultural taboos; major aid efforts have largely benefited children who survive early infancy; report says countries where newborns have highest risk of dying, such as Liberia, Ivory Coast, Mali and Nigeria, also have most easily preventable deaths; points to simple resuscitation techniques, 20-cent tetanus vaccinations of women and lack of understanding that babies must be kept warm; report is funded by Save the Children, US AID and WHO (M)')('2006112', 'Correction of Nov 19 article about Robert M Gates, nominee for defense secretary; colleague who served with him on National Security Council is Richard N Haass')('2006112', 'NBC wins ratings for Monday night with show Heroes (S)')('2006112', 'Alex Paffenroth, owner of Paffenroth Gardens, Warwick, NY, is cultivating new type of cilantro called delfino and smooth version of Jerusalem artichoke, or sunchoke; photo (S)')('2006112', "Illinois Gov Rod R Blagojevich says that Tammy Duckworth, Iraq veteran who lost Congressional race in November, will be state's new director of veterans affairs; photo (S)")('2006112', 'I knew something was wrong the moment I heard his voice. "Something bad has happened," Max said. He was driving home to D.C. from Western Pennsylvania. I pictured the car turned upside down, Max recovered from the smoking wreckage, dog up in a tree. "Are you O.K.?" I asked. I got a fly stuck in [...]')('2006112', 'Anthony McCloskey tells how joining the military affected some of his long-held beliefs.')('2006112', 'When Pogue falls behind in moderating the comment torrent.')('2006112', "Air France-KLM said Thursday that profit rose 26 percent in its latest quarter, but shares of Europe's biggest airline tumbled after it announced tentative talks on a tie-up with Alitalia. Chief Executive Jean-Cyril Spinetta said Air France-KLM had begun discussions on a possible combination with Italy's unprofitable state-controlled national airline, as his company posted net [...]")('2006112', 'German drug and chemicals maker Bayer said it will sell its H.C. Starck unit to a consortium led by Advent International and the Carlyle Group for about $1.49 billion including debt. Bayer said in a statement Thursday that the sale of the chemicals unit would help pay for its 17 billion euro acquisition of rival [...]')('2006112', "A Thanksgiving shoutout to America's greatest composer of hymns.")('2006112', "Milton Friedman, meet Andrew Carnegie. As the season of end-of-year tax deductions gets into high gear, The New York Times's Stephanie Strom has taken a look at how free-market forces - as fiercely championed by Mr. Friedman, the late economist - are increasingly being incorporated into charitable ventures. The trend includes Google, eBay founder Pierre [...]")('2006112', "Happy Thanksgiving. Or is it? A little indigestion may hit tonight after some fans realize they can't watch today's best matchup: Kansas City versus Denver. It will be the NFL Network's first broadcast of a regular-season game. You don't have NFL Network? One man, Robert Weintraub of Slate, says you don't realize what you're missing. [...]")('2006112', "What is the most telling team statistic? Third-down conversion rates are crucial for offensive production. We all know what wins championships, so don't forget defensive ranking. There's something to be said for a team's red-zone efficiency. And, of course, coaches love to cite turnover differential. One number that doesn't get mentioned is point differential. But [...]")('2006112', 'Keidel Guy is sentenced to 16 months in prison for abusive care and starvation of four pit bulls in Far Rockaway, Queens; one dog died (S)')('2006112', 'New album by rapper The Game is No 1 on Billboard charts with 358,000 copies sold; photo (S)')('2006112', 'Correction on Oct 29 Garden Q & A about castor bean plant')('2006112', 'Photo of coffin of Pierre Gemayel, Lebanese cabinet member killed on Nov 21, being taken through town of Bikfeiya')('2006112', 'Dave Anderson Sports of The Times column discusses athletes, coaches, trainers and others in sports who have made noteworthy contributions to this year in athletics (M)')('2006112', 'CBS wins ratings for Tuesday night with series NCIS (S)')('2006112', 'Correction of Nov 1 article about report that electronics unit of Sony Corp was under investigation by Justice Department for possible antitrust violations; Matsushita Electric is not part of inquiry')('2006112', "Six letters on Iraq conflict; John V Walsh, Jim Quigley and Susan Fiore agree with Maureen Dowd's assessment in Nov 22 Op-Ed column; Robert Dallek disputes Mark Moyar's Nov 21 Op-Ed on Vietnam and Iraq, saying US should not have become involved militarily in either case; David Budde and Hugh Crossin say it was distressing to read that Army military police captain has scaled back her goal to simply getting her soldiers home (Nov 19 article); drawing")('2006112', 'Correction of Nov 13 article about volunteers who raise guide dogs for the blind')('2006112', "Gonzaga University men's basketbal team defeats North Carolina University, 82-74, to advance to NIT Season Tip-Off tournament final; Butler University defeats Tennessee University, 56-44; photo (M)")('2006112', "Leaders of global polio eradication effort at World Health Organization and Unicef call on Afghan government and 'anti-government elements' to allow polio vaccinators to do their work safely; recent violence in fight against Taliban has curtailed health workers' freedom of movement (S)")('2006112', 'Matchups between Denver Broncos and Kansas City Chiefs, Tampa Bay Buccaneers and Dallas Cowboys, and Miami Dolphins and Detroit Lions discussed; photos (M)')('2006112', 'Correction of diagram of human and Neanderthal evolution on Nov 16, which referred incorrectly to divergence of Neanderthal and humans from common ancestor')('2006112', 'Tim Byrne uses salvaged industrial parts as inspiration for furniture he makes and integrates them into his pieces; photos (S)')('2006112', "Three letters on Israeli settlements on Arab-owned land in West Bank; Rifat Audeh deplores confiscation of land, which he says his family endured firsthand; Judith Dori says conflict is not about land, but rather Palestinian government committed to destruction of Jewish state; Benjamin Solomon says Israel's ever-expanding territorial aggression provokes rising resistance from Palestinians")('2006112', "Correction of Nov 12 article about Syracuse University's men's basketball team's workout with Army soldiers at Ford Drum in upstate New York")('2006112', 'Unidentified man is shot and killed on street in East Flatbush; woman who police believe was innocent bystander is wounded (S)')('2006112', 'Photo of support teams for racecars in Baja 1000')('2006112', 'National Cryptologic Museum in Fort Meade, Md, acquires major collection of books on codes and ciphers; collection was donated by David Kahn, cryptology scholar and author of The Codebreakers: The Story of Secret Writing; photo (S)')('2006112', 'Photos of magician David Blaine suspended and shackled in three-ringed gyroscope above 46th Street and Eighth Avenue as part of promotion for Target department store chain')('2006112', 'Kurt Wedberg, wilderness guide, tests latest backpacks or front-packs, with compartments and pouches positioned over chest to help counterbalance load; photos (M)')('2006112', 'Joseph D Policano letter says old TWA terminal at Kennedy Airport (Nov 16 article) made spirit soar; Eric Wigginton letter says terminal should be moved to small city, where it can be used as air terminal it was intended to be, rather than turned into convention center or spa at Kennedy')('2006112', 'Mayor Michael R Bloomberg of New York declines to endorse any presidential candidate in 2008 since he will need to work with whoever wins (S)')('2006112', 'New York Giants running back Tiki Barber questions decisions made by coach Tom Coughlin during loss to Jacksonville Jaguars; photos (M)')('2006112', 'Bob Smith, former Republican chairman in Onondaga County, considers bid to lead New York State Republican party, challenging Senate Majority Leader Joseph L Bruno, who supports Joseph Mondello; photo (M)')('2006112', 'Photo of New York Jets quarterback Chad Pennington')('2006112', 'Correction of Nov 15 article about effect of food scares on restaurants and other food businesses')('2006112', "Despina Papadimitriou and her children Alexis, Dimitris and Angeliki are charged in Athens with illegally trafficking antiquities; accused claim that seized antiquities belonged to Despina's husband and her brother Christos Michaelides, who was partner with London dealer Robin Symes; photo (S)")('2006112', "Martha D Trowbridge letter deplores noise made by Metro-North's diesel-powered trains in Bronx, which is recorded by seismic station at Fordham University (Nov 20 article)")('2006112', "Correction of Nov 22 article on efforts by Internet sites to sell advertising in traditional media; advertisers expect to spend $50 million early in 2007 on cable network ads to test eBay's system")('2006112', 'Minnesota Timberwolves defeat New York Knicks, 107-89; photos (M)')('2006112', 'Weissenhof Museum opens in Stuttgart, Germany, and is displaying interiors of modernist homes designed in 1927 for landmark neighborhood of Weissenhofsiedlung by Le Corbusier, Mies van der Rohe, Pierre Jeanneret and others; photos (S)')('2006112', "Police arrest 73 alleged members of Montreal's Mafia crime ring (S)")('2006112', 'Tufenkian, manufacturer of high-end handmade rugs, opens online outlet store; photo (S)')('2006112', 'Photo of several of 90 houses damaged by explosion at chemical plant in Danvers, Mass')('2006112', 'Moulin Bleu, home furnishing shop that pays homage to South of France, opens in TriBeCa; photo (S)')('2006112', 'Personal Shopper column on toys, furniture and other gifts for children; photos (M)')('2006112', 'World Bank reports sharp decline in poverty in Nepal from 1996 to 2004, which it attributes to remittances from migrant workers abroad (S)')('2006112', 'Ultra-nationalist Turkish group of almost 100 people occupies Hagia Sophia, sixth-century Orthodox church in Istanbul that is now museum, to protest coming visit of Pope Benedict XVI; police disperse group and arrest 39 people (M)')('2006112', "People who are networking their home computers and appliances are not taking sensible safety precautions against hackers; variety of activities being performed by family members at home over Internet increases house's vulnerability and gives hackers opportunity to tap into home's network; security experts see it as potentially huge problem because of spread of 'botnets'--vast networks of computers, usually inadequately protected home computers, that hackers take control of and network into 'armies' that they can sell mercenary-style to electronic criminals; experts urge use of common sense about what needs to be automated and networked to lessen vulnerability; drawing; photos (M)")('2006112', 'Correction of picture caption on Nov 19 with article about church board that dismissed Rev Ted Haggard as senior pastor of New Life Church in Colorado Springs')('2006112', 'Dallas Cowboys have 6-4 record; photos (M)')('2006112', "Correction of Teams to Watch section of Nov 17 article women's college basketball season preview")('2006112', 'Correction of Nov 20 article on William Spain Seismic Observatory at Fordham University in Bronx, which misstated location of plaque of St Emidio')('2006112', 'Decor in a Box, table-setting kit for Christmas, includes linen tablecloth, coordinating linen napkins, beeswax candles and thank-you cards; photo (S)')('2006112', 'Photo of road in Nags Head, NC, that flooded as it stormed up East Coast')('2006112', "Correction of Nov 21 article about Blackstone Group's proposed acquisition of Equity Office Properties")('2006112', 'Rita Gonzalez is convicted in State Supreme Court of pressing her infant son against steampipe at her home in East Flatbush section of Brooklyn; told investigators that she believed if she injured son his father would pay more attention to him (S)')('2006112', 'Two world class sailors find themselves in a pinch on the south seas...')('2006112', "Despite the really big news of the day being the signing of Lewis Hamilton to McLaren-Mercedes for next season – which I will comment on later – the best sight of the day has to be that of Alex Zanardi's smiling face in the BMW-Sauber after his test drive yesterday. Although Zanardi has been racing [...]")('2006112', 'With a little more than a month left in 2006, it seemed like a good time to take a snapshot of the mergers and acquisitions league tables, which rank investment banks by the number and size of the deals they have advised on. So far this year, there have been nearly 3,000 deals with a [...]')('2006112', 'Need some light fare to balance out all that heavy eating? For your diversion, DealBook presents the phenomenon of so-called psychic traders, as described in a column by Raymond Lee on the Web site of Trader Monthly magazine. "Psychic powers can be and are being used for profitable trading," Mr. Lee writes. "And they\'re being [...]')('2006112', 'Stocks are hitting new highs and deal activity is booming, but year-end corporate parties may not be as lavish as one might expect this year. Here are two bearish indicators: Last week, Financial News reported that Deutsche Bank had slapped an outright ban on company-sponsored Christmas parties and told employees to minimize the amount they [...]')('2006112', 'With the avalanche of deals announced this month, 2006 has shored up its claim as a banner year for buyouts. Thanks in large part to record fund-raising by private equity firms, seven of the top 10 leveraged buyouts of all time were announced or completed this year, with a total value of $177.5 billion, including [...]')('2006112', 'In your opinion, what are the best bars and clubs in Crescent City? Back to Article')('2006112', 'A gunman causes chaos at Miami Herald building...')('2006112', "A conscientious objection applicant is sent to Iraq; he thinks he shouldn't be there at all...")('2006112', 'I am traveling round trip to Minneapolis/St. Paul with Aer Lingus and Northwest Airlines via Amsterdam. In view of confusing rules about carry-on baggage, I would like to have assurance that I will not have my costly Bose headphones taken from me at a security checkpoint. - Jeannette F. Huber, Scilly, Kinsale, County Cork, Ireland [...]')('2006112', 'La Oprah says she has been up day and night thinking about the movie: "Dreamgirls," she adds, "Defines sensational." The same could be said of Beyoncé\'s performance of "Listen." (It\'s near the end of the clip.) The girl can go and get it, and the studio audience, the very core of the "Dreamgirls" demographic, goes [...]')('2006112', 'Patrick Goldstein\'s brief survey of Oscar buzz in the blogosphere on The Envelope includes his contention, using the exhausted cliché that "the Internet has changed everything," that studios, instead of controlling the Oscar debate, are now being blown about by windy bloggers. The Bagger hasn\'t notice that trend.')('2006112', 'The poster for "The Good German." OscarWatch points out that the posters for "Casablanca" and "The Good German" have more than a few things in common, a coincidence that seems purely intentional. The site links to JustJared as a source, which includes a ton of black-and-white stills from the movie.')('2006112', 'Both RiskyBiz and Gold Derby are musing over the fact that the Golden Globes has placed Leo DiCaprio in the best actor category for his turn in "The Departed," a move that makes sense to those who have seen his borderline amazing work in the movie, but clashes with efforts to get him nominated for [...]')('2006112', "The former Russian intelligence officer who'd been living in Britain died late last night of poisoning. He blames Putin...")('2006112', 'College Republicans offer a token scholarship to white students to highlight what they call the absurdity of affirmative action programs ...')('2006112', 'Michael Richards hires a public relations specialist and we review our reader commentary on his racist tirade at the Laugh Factory last week...')('2006112', "While Americans ate turkey Thursday, it appears that others were concluding that they didn't want dollars as much as before. The dollar went through the $1.30 level against the euro today, and also fell against other major currencies. There is a rule in currency writing that every move must have an explanation in the latest [...]")('2006112', 'Advanced Semiconductor Engineering said Friday it has been approached by a consortium led by Carlyle Group, the U.S. private equity firm, about a potential buyout. The announcement comes two months after a group including Carlyle agreed to buy Freescale Semiconductor for $17.6 billion in what is the largest buyout ever of a technology company. Freescale [...]')('2006112', "Tony Romo is the big story this morning. You can read about yesterday's performance here, there and everywhere. But what happened to all the other quarterbacks he was buried behind? The Cowboys invited Romo to training camp in 2003 as an undrafted rookie out of Eastern Illinois. He was a no-name (colorful as it was), [...]")('2006112', 'Dozens of online retailers are offering discounts on the Monday after Thanksgiving, in the same way many traditional retailers do on Black Friday. But it\'s not clear whether "Cyber Monday" is the most important day of the year for online merchants, Louise Story and Michael Barbaro report in Friday\'s Times. Will you join the crowds [...]')('2006112', 'When one man in a conspiracy is convicted and the other gets a hung jury, the government is often willing to offer a break in sentencing in return for testimony at the new trial. E. Kirk Shelton, the former No. 2 man at CUC International, where there was accounting fraud for well over a decade, [...]')('2006112', 'Article offers tips on traveling to former Gilded Age resort towns of Jekyll Island, Ga, Long Branch, NJ, and Bar harbor, Me (S)')('2006112', 'Jennifer Michael Hecht post-Thanksgiving Day Op-Ed poem, Black Friday Reverie; drawing (S)')('2006112', "Seven letters comment on Nov 20 article on progress made in closing racial gap in education since Bush administration's sweeping education law took effect; Alan R Sadovnik, professor of education at Rutgers University, says results come as little surprise to social scientists who have studied impact of economic background on students; teacher Mary Scheffler blames classroom size for disparity; Martin Gittelman says law has had major impact on efforts to privatize schools, effectively causing racial segregation; Judy Rabinowitz says tests cannot close achievement gap until policy makers focus on underlying economic causes; Milton Schwebel, emeritus dean of Graduate School of Education at Rutgers, says law does little to address social and economic needs of black, Hispanic and poor white children; Howard Miller, professor of literacy education at Mercy College, says standardized tests merely provide number, not detailed information about students' strengths and areas of need; Lynn Gordon calls for study of factors that underlie good performance; drawing")('2006112', 'Andrea K Scott reviews sculptures by John Bock at Anton Kern Gallery (M)')('2006112', "Pakistan's Parliament passes Protection of Women bill, which would put adultery and rape under jurisdiction of civil courts instead of Islamic ones; Pres Pervez Musharraf has indicated he will sign bill into law (S)")('2006112', 'Billy Collins post-Thanksgiving Day Op-Ed poem, The Gathering (S)')('2006112', 'Martha Schwendener reviews Eija-Liisa Ahtila art film at Museum of Modern Art (M)')('2006112', "Jon Pareles introduces music critics' reviews of year's most notable CD sets (S)")('2006112', 'Jon Pareles reviews boxed set The Harry Smith Project: Anthology of American Folk Music Revisited (M)')('2006112', 'Stephen Holden reviews boxed set of music by Frank Sinatra (M)')('2006112', 'Martha Schwendener reviews works by John Latham at PS 1 Contemporary Art Center (M)')('2006112', 'Jon Pareles reviews boxed set of demos and outtakes by XTC songwriter Andy Partridge (M)')('2006112', 'Interview with brothers Eric and Max Rosentreter about their A-frame weekend getaway house in Independence, Va; photos and brief descriptions of similar properties for sale around country (M)')('2006112', 'Jon Pareles reviews boxed set of music by Bruce Hornsby (M)')('2006112', 'Jon Pareles reviews boxed set of music by Tortoise (M)')('2006112', 'Ben Ratliff reviews boxed set of music by John Coltrane (M)')('2006112', 'Family finds resources to send their four children to good schools through New York Times Neediest Cases fund and Catholic Charities; photo (M)')('2006112', 'New Jersey Nets prepare to face Phoenix Suns (S)')('2006112', 'Kelefa Sanneh reviews boxed set of music by Gram Parsons (M)')('2006112', 'Ben Ratliff reviews boxed set of music by Sonny Stitt (M)')('2006112', 'Philip Levine post-Thanksgiving Day Op-Ed poem, The Morning After (S)')('2006112', 'Two letters comment on Andrew Solomon Nov 17 Op-Ed article proposing national network of depression centers; Giselle Stolper, executive director of Mental Health Assn of New York City, praises idea; Rebecca A Drayer, affiliate member of American Assn for Geriatric Psychiatry, says depression too often is untreated, especially among elderly')('2006112', 'Gordon M Watson letter on November 10 article about gentrifying resort town of Tofino, BC')('2006112', 'Jon Pareles reviews Robert Plant boxed set (M)')('2006112', 'Buyout of Equity Office Properties Trust for $36 billion, $16 billion of that in debt, eclipses old record of $33 billion for HCA in July; graphs (S)')('2006112', 'Kelefa Sanneh reviews boxed set of music by Waylon Jennings (M)')('2006112', 'Benjamin Genocchio reviews photographs by Fred W McDarrah at Steven Kasher Gallery (M)')('2006112', 'Ben Ratliff reviews boxed set of music by Fats Walker (M)')('2006112', 'Correction; Nov 18 article about Internet domain names sought by political candidates misidentified organization; it is National Arbitration Forum, not World Intellectual Property Organzation')('2006112', 'Ben Ratliff reviews boxed set of music by Duke Ellington; photo (M)')('2006112', 'Martha Schwendener reviews works by Paul McCarthy at Nyehaus gallery (M)')('2006112', 'Sailor Alex Thompson awaits rescue after his yacht capsizes during Velux 5 Oceans competition (M)')('2006112', 'Kelefa Sanneh reviews boxed set A Life Less Lived: The Gothic Box; photo (M)')('2006112', 'Jon Pareles reviews boxed set of music by Buddy Guy (M)')('2006112', 'Jon Pareles reviews boxed set of music by Tony Joe White (M)')('2006112', 'Kelefa Sanneh reviews boxed set by Tori Amos (M)')('2006112', 'Benjamin Genocchio reviews watercolors by Walton Ford at Brooklyn Musuem; photos (M)')('2006112', "Jon Pareles reviews boxed set Rockin' Bones: 1950's Punk & Rockabilly (M)")('2006112', 'Jon Pareles reviews Tom Waits boxed set; photo (M)')('2006112', 'Ben Ratliff reviews boxed set of music by Weather Report (M)')('2006112', 'Jon Pareles reviews boxed set of music by John Lee Hooker (M)')('2006112', "Photo of Macy's parade on rainy Thanksgiving Day in New York")('2006112', 'James McMichael post-Thanksgiving Day Op-Ed poem, The Believed-in (S)')('2006112', 'Correction; Nov 23 article about trying to persuade China to change its economic policies referred incorrectly to amount of dollar-denominated American debt held by China; it is several hundred billion dollars, not several hundred million')('2006112', 'Correction; Nov 22 article about imposition of temporary trusteeship on local of Amalgamated Transit Union misstated date of arraignment of local president Salvatore Battaglia')('2006112', 'Kelefa Sanneh reviews Michael Jackson boxed set (M)')('2006112', 'Ben Ratliff reviews boxed set Friends of Old Time Music: The Folk Arrival, 1961-1965 (M)')('2006112', 'Excerpts from Frank Bruni reviews of restaurants Porter House New York in Columbus Circle, STK in West Village, The Lonesome Dove Western Bistro in Chelsea, Picholine on W 64th Street and Boqueria in Chelsea; photo (M)')('2006112', 'Photo of Detroit Lions fan during loss to Miami Dolphins')('2006112', 'Jon Pareles reviews boxed set of music by The Doors (M)')('2006112', "The Darfur genocide is numbingly brutal, but the most moving stories aren't those of evil - but of human nobility. Here's a new video that accompanies the Sunday column. Suad Ahmed, one of the subjects of the video, found the courage to give an on-the-record interview after a tribal leader told her that it might [...]")('2006112', '(A weekly look at matchups) The Answer Last season, many 49ers fans were hoping the team would lose in the final week and draft Southern California tailback Reggie Bush. San Francisco won that game and has not looked back. The second-year star FRANK GORE has rushed for 1,043 yards and is on a pace for [...]')('2006112', 'James Stevenson Lost and Found New York about Burlesque and striptease artist Sherry Britton (M)')('2006112', 'Israel and Palestinians are moving gingerly toward reinstating cease-fire after surge of violence in and around Gaza Strip over past month (M)')('2006112', 'Pitcher Tom Glavine is expected to sign with either the New York Mets or Atlanta Braves (S)')('2006112', 'French security and sports officials condemn racist violence by mob of soccer fans after police officer seeking to protect Jewish fan of visiting Israeli team shoots and kills one man and wounds another in Paris (S)')('2006112', 'Week of college football games discussed; photo (M)')('2006112', 'Syria protests to Sec Gen Kofi Annan that it was not consulted before Security Council authorized creation of tribunal to try whomever is accused of assassinating former Lebanese Prime Min Rafik Hariri (S)')('2006112', "Nov 21 article about New York Jets Coach Eric Mangini's praise for quarterback Chad Pennington misstated day Jets will play Buffalo Bills")('2006112', 'Gauris Melo receives help with purchasing household furniture from Federation of Protestant Welfare Agencies, beneficiary agency of New York Times Neediest Cases Fund; photo (M)')('2006112', 'Nov 24 article about corruption in Nigeria misstated sum that candidate for state governor says that running for office would cost him; it is $4 million')('2006112', 'Corrections on Nov 21 review of Trio Mediaeval concert')('2006112', 'Correction on Nov 18 article about vote in Boulder, Colo, to approve so-called carbon tax; China and US have signed Kyoto Protocol; China has ratified it, but US has not')('2006112', "Four letters respond to David Brooks's Nov 23 Op-Ed suggesting that more attention should be paid to White House's structural problems than to president's individual role in determining policy in Iraq; Dan Kubis says Pres Bush is not less responsible for White House decisions because decision-making channels pander to him; Linda P Fish says decision-making emanates from president's persona and leadership qualities; Peter Dizikes says next president will have to ignore outmoded ideology of neoconservatism; Robert M Levine says overriding lesson of fiasco that is Bush administration is: you need to elect right person")('2006112', 'David Langer letter holds that Social Security program has no long-term financial problem, and there is no need for consideration of privatization')('2006112', "Group of museum directors and curators sign petition in London protesting indecency charges against Henry-Claude Cousseau, director of Ecole Nationale Superieure des Beaux-Arts in Paris; Cousseau is under investigation for exhibition Presumed Innocent: Contemporary Art and Childhood six years ago that drew complaints from child protection group La Mouette that museum exhibited 'works of violent pornographic nature, unacceptable for young public' (S)")('2006112', "Seven letters comment on rising casualties in Iraq; Deena Guzder says US should withdraw from Iraq; Ellen Shire says Bush administration should be held accountable for tragic fiasco; Fred Moramarco says it is time to use words 'civil war' instead of 'insurgency'; Frank K Flinn urges US to declare immediate cease-fire; Richard Ellis says it would not be 'cutting and running' to abandon disastrous prosecution of war by Bush administration; drawing; Cindy L Harden and Jonathan J Margolis letters respond to Bob Herbert Nov 23 Op-Ed about unabated grief of Celeste Zappala, mother of soldier killed in Iraq in 2004")('2006112', 'Nov 22 obituary about filmmaker Robert Altman misstated date and branch of his military enlistment; other corrections noted')('2006112', "Nov 23 Sports of The Times column about differences between Alex Rodriguez and Derek Jeter of New York Yankees, misstated quotation by Steve Fortunato, Rodriguez's marketing representative")('2006112', 'Edith Mirante letter holds that lawsuit brought Myanmar villagers harmed during oil pipeline security campaign was settled by Unocal, but Chevron appears content to profit by their misery, making US condemnation of Myanmar junta seem hypocritical')('2006112', 'Daniel Newsome letter suggests that every roadside campaign sign that is not picked up week after election should result in fine, charged to name on sign')('2006112', 'Photo of college football games')('2006112', 'Nov 23 article about golf swing made by Russian astronaut outside space station misstated weight of ball; on earth it would have been one-tenth of ounce')('2006112', "Azerbaijan suspends license of country's first private television and radio station, forcing it off air (S)")('2006112', "Basic Instincts column discusses need for establishing special-needs trust for children with disabilities; many parents avoid starting trusts for fear of making mistakes and their inability to face future realities; experts advise combining trusts with constantly updated letters of intent detailing children's habits and important details; parents feel relief and peace of mind when plans are in place; photo (M)")('2006112', 'Photo of Miami University football coach Larry Coker, who was fired')('2006112', 'Prominent Dutch human rights group, Stichting Russian Justice Initiative, has been refused registration under new Russian law restricting activities of nongovernmental agencies; organization has assisted victims of abuse in Chechnya in filing cases against Russian government in European Court of Human Rights (S)')('2006112', 'Lester Colodny letter says humorous Nov 22 Op-Ed by Rick Moranis listing miscellaneous statistics about his life was stroke of comedy genius')('2006112', "Pres Evo Morales proposes disbanding Bolivia's Senate, which has been resisting his calls for ambitious land reform legislation (S)")('2006112', 'Delta Air Lines chief executive Jerry Grinstein letter says Delta intends to preserve and fund pension plan for its ground and flight attendant employees, and will include that as important part of its reorganization plan (Nov 17 article)')('2006112', "NBC broadcast of Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade attracts 42.8 million viewers; CBS wins ratings for Wednesday night; photo (S)")('2006112', "Laura Mansnerus's story on Monday – part of a series that explores what happens when convicts leave prison and return to their communities – looks at sex offenders. As more municipalities across the country enact laws restricting where sex offenders can reside, more pedophiles are being pushed out of populated areas. Some officials fear that [...]")('2006112', "In the first stage of a preliminary hearing called to determine whether Warren Jeffs, the leader of the Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints, should stand trial for the crime of accomplice to rape, the state's key witness declared that she had entered into marriage at the age of 14 against her [...]")('2006112', 'On Thanksgiving in Afghanistan, thoughts of what has been taken away.')('2006112', 'Apologies for the technical problems on the blog last night. At some point in the second half, it shut down, much like the Giants. You can read the play-by-play, as it was typed live, in the post below. Let us know who you thought was the biggest goat and why. (Obviously, no shortage of candidates) [...]')('2006112', 'Review the play-by-play of the Giants\' epic collapse at Tennessee, as it was typed in live. Postgame: Let the recriminations begin! We\'ll be hearing about it all week, so let\'s start now, in real time. How would you like to be a fly on the wall in the locker room to hear Coughlin\'s "talk"? The [...]')('2006112', "Review the play-by-play of the Jets' game against visiting Houston, as it was typed in live. POSTGAME: Well, that was ... fun? The Jets' offense got its act together in the second half, and most Jets fans will say a win is a win at this point, considering every week is a must-win for the [...]")('2006112', 'I\'ve been on the phone and in email touch with aid workers in eastern Chad this weekend, and the situation is on a knife edge. On Saturday, Sudanese-backed "Chadian rebels" attacked and overran the city of Abeche, which is the leading city in the region and the hub for relief work to keep alive 230,000 [...]')('2006112', 'Join us today for the post-holiday resumption of live game-tracking (in the posts above) as Houston visits the Jets at 1 p.m. Eastern and the Giants play at Tennessee at 4:15 p.m. Naila-Jean Meyers makes her game-tracking debut today, in the 1 p.m. game. If she struggles to keep up, keep in mind: This is [...]')('2006112', 'Article on some of dozen or so microbreweries in New York metropolitan region; list; photos (M)')('2006112', "Article on 'open hiring' practice at Greystone Bakery in Yonkers, NY, where most of its workers have served time for theft or drug dealing and some have been homeless; bakery does not check references and does not require work history but does have strict two-week apprentice program; photo (M)")('2006112', "Article on 'open hiring' practice at Greystone Bakery in Yonkers, NY, where most of its workers have served time for theft or drug dealing and some have been homeless; bakery does not check references and does not require work history but does have strict two-week apprentice program; photo (M)")('2006112', 'Op-Ed article by American Museum of Natural History president Ellen Futter says results of recent science testing of American fourth and eighth graders in urban school districts are frightening; calls on institutions outside school system to play important roles in training young Americans in science, technology, engineering and mathematics (M)')('2006112', 'John Menzies, former US ambassador to Bosnia and Herzegovina, is named dean of Seton Hall University John C Whitehead School of Diplomacy and International Relations (S)')('2006112', 'Article on some of dozen or so microbreweries in New York metropolitan region; list; photos (M)')('2006112', 'Correction; Oct 29 article on development of residential units above big-box chain stores misstated number of condominium units planned for Flushing, Queens, project cited')('2006112', 'Tomasa and Orlando Velez receive help for their adopted children from Catholic Charities, beneficiary agency of New York Times Neediest Cases Fund; photo (M)')('2006112', 'Robin Stuelpner letter on November 19 special issue about weekend pursuits')('2006112', 'Ellen G Rubin letter offers correction to Dwight Garner Nov 12 review of book Mommy?, illustrated by Maurice Sendak')('2006112', "Article on 'open hiring' practice at Greystone Bakery in Yonkers, NY, where most of its workers have served time for theft or drug dealing and some have been homeless; bakery does not check references and does not require work history but does have strict two-week apprentice program; photo (M)")('2006112', "Marni Winslow and Francesco Ghio letters on Kate Stone Lombardi's Generations column on being soccer mom")('2006112', "Sagaponack on Long Island's East End has lowest property tax rate in region; median home price is more than $3 million while median taxes are $5,205; photo (S)")('2006112', 'Capital One Financial founder, chairman and chief executive Richard D Fairbank wins 2006 Bank of the Year Award from American Banker; photo (S)')('2006112', "Photos of soup kitchen at St John's Roman Catholic Church in Newark, NJ")('2006112', 'Some shoppers complain after Village of Great Neck Estates, NY, replaces meters in well-used parking lot with centralized kiosks that dole out time-stamped receipts; officials insist new system increases shopper convenience; photos (M)')('2006112', 'Bernard Lacy letter on November 12 Frugal Traveler column on Istanbul, Turkey')('2006112', "HowsMyNanny.com founder Jill Starishevsky and The Nanny Bridge director Pamela Potischman letters on Emma McLaughlin and Nicola Kraus's November 19 Op-Ed article about nannies")('2006112', "Scene on soggy field at Brookdale Park in Bloomfield, NJ, described as 19 athletes from their early 20s to their late 30s try out for New Jersey's first women's professional football team; team hopes to begin playing exhibition games in 2007; photo (M)")('2006112', 'Openers: Suits: Boardroom Mulligan**')('2006112', 'British authorities disclose that Alexander V Litvinenko, former KGB officer and critic of Russian government, was killed by radiation poisoning from polonium 210 in London, but they do not see major public-health threat; Health Protection Agency urges people who have been in same places as victim to contact authorities for testing; British diplomats have sought to downplay episode, calling it police matter (M)')('2006112', 'Nancy Hill letter suggests that filmmakers who want to make films about Beethoven focus on physical and mental suffering Beethoven experienced as child (Nov 19 article)')('2006112', "Dana Dunlevy letter on Kevin Coyne's November 5 Jersey column on swift pace of development in state")('2006112', 'Michael Gennaro, president and chief executive officer of Paper Mill Playhouse in Millburn, NJ, resigns to take post as as executive director of Trinity Repertory Company in Providence, RI; photo (S)')('2006112', 'Article explores reasons why property taxes differ so much in communities around New York City metropolitan area and efforts to rein them in; analysis of 2005 property tax and real estate records shows that owners of comparably priced homes in Pelham and Great Neck, NY, Fairfield, Conn, and Glen Ridge, NJ, pay widely differing property taxes; while all four communities have first-rate public schools, stately homes on tree lined streets and similar public amenities, owner of median-priced $580,000 home in Fairfield, for example, paid $6,037 in property taxes while owner in Pelham paid $17,875; photos; charts (L)')('2006112', 'Lindsay Chura letter comments on Nov 19 Bob Morris article about Thanksgiving')('2006112', "Jennifer Kern letter contends that New Jersey's program for random steroid testing of high school athletes should look to other national programs that hope to change competitiveness among young students (S)")('2006112', 'Sampling of housing on market in New York City metropolitan area; photos (M)')('2006112', 'New Jersey Agriculture Secretary Charles Kuperus says forecasts for state cranberry harvest are better than in most recent years, though somewhat less than 533,000 barrels harvested in 2005; new research shows that cranberries are even more healthful than previously thought; photo (S)')('2006112', 'Article explores reasons why property taxes differ so much in communities around New York City metropolitan area and efforts to rein them in; analysis of 2005 property tax and real estate records shows that owners of comparably priced homes in Pelham and Great Neck, NY, Fairfield, Conn, and Glen Ridge, NJ, pay widely differing property taxes; while all four communities have first-rate public schools, stately homes on tree lined streets and similar public amenities, owner of median-priced $580,000 home in Fairfield, for example, paid $6,037 in property taxes while owner in Pelham paid $17,875; photos; charts (L)')('2006112', 'Excerpts from previously published reviews of restaurants near Carnegie Hall (Good Eating column) (M)')('2006112', 'Correction of November 12 article on visit to Sydney, Australia (S)')('2006112', 'Article on work of Northeast regional chapter of Canine Companions for Independence, national nonprofit organization that provides highly trained assistance dogs for people with disabilities other than blindness; photo (M)')('2006112', 'Article explores reasons why property taxes differ so much in communities around New York City metropolitan area and efforts to rein them in; analysis of 2005 property tax and real estate records shows that owners of comparably priced homes in Pelham and Great Neck, NY, Fairfield, Conn, and Glen Ridge, NJ, pay widely differing property taxes; while all four communities have first-rate public schools, stately homes on tree lined streets and similar public amenities, owner of median-priced $580,000 home in Fairfield, for example, paid $6,037 in property taxes while owner in Pelham paid $17,875; photos; charts (L)')('2006112', 'Two letters comment on Nov 20 editorial proposing immigration reform focus points for Pres Bush and Congress to consider; Wayne Trujillo says it is astounding that after year of attention, immigration reform has not progressed past political ploys and posturing; David Moorshead says he does not oppose immigration but illegal immigration')('2006112', 'Photo of New York Jets player Kerry Rhodes')('2006112', "Mortimer Brown and Ellen Schneider letters comment on Noah Feldman's Oct 29 essay on prospect of Iran's acquiring nuclear weapons and Nov 12 letters responding to it")('2006112', 'Article on work of Northeast regional chapter of Canine Companions for Independence, national nonprofit organization that provides highly trained assistance dogs for people with disabilities other than blindness; photo (M)')('2006112', "Cheryl Farrell letter praises Victoria Loustalot Nov 19 essay on her father's death from AIDS")('2006112', 'Eric J Evans letter contends that New York Giants running back Tiki Barber should not criticize coaches for loss to Jacksonville Jaguars (S)')('2006112', "Marni Winslow and Francesco Ghio letters on Kate Stone Lombardi's Generations column on being soccer mom")('2006112', 'Op-Ed article by New Jersey Policy Perspective president Jon Shure holds tactic that encourages private sector workers to think that public sector workers in New Jersey and elsewhere around country have bloated pensions is ugly and dangerous; holds taxpayers ought to be mad at their own employers for breaking social compact (M)')('2006112', 'Michael Winerip Parenting column on efforts to develop state-mandated integration plan to improve racial balance of schools in blue-collar Hartford suburb of Manchester, Conn; John Reiser, teacher and coach who is white, Annette Odom, black mother who runs two after-school programs and is in midst of adopting four more children, and some students comment; photo (M)')('2006112', "Profiles of some of people served by soup kitchen at St John's Roman Catholic Church in Newark, NJ; some of volunteers serving them also noted; photos (M)")('2006112', "Sagaponack on Long Island's East End has lowest property tax rate in region; median home price is more than $3 million while median taxes are $5,205; photo (S)")('2006112', 'Week of NFL matchups discussed; photos (M)')('2006112', 'Article on work of Northeast regional chapter of Canine Companions for Independence, national nonprofit organization that provides highly trained assistance dogs for people with disabilities other than blindness; photo (M)')('2006112', 'Correction of November 12 picture caption which misstated location of recently unveiled mural by Richard Haas; it is at Westchester Arts Council in White Plains, NY, not Westchester Art Museum (S)')('2006112', 'NBA discussed; photos (S)')('2006112', 'Correction; Nov 12 article about Burning Man festival referred incorrectly to party for attendees of previous festivals')('2006112', "Reading File column of excerpts from James Fallows Atlantic magazine article about shortcomings in China's education system; excerpt from Foreign Policy magazine article by Prof John Esposito and Dalia Mogahed, executive director of Muslim studies for Gallup Organization, on conclusions on new Gallup World Poll based on more than 9,000 interviews in nine Muslim countries (M)")('2006112', 'Kitty Kaufman letter comments on Oct 29 interview with Alec Baldwin')('2006112', "Melinda Hunt letter on November 12 article on Potter's Field on Hart Island, NYC")('2006112', 'Town Council in Babylon, NY, is set to consider whether to mandate that new buildings comply with rating system developed by US Green Building Council and designed to cut energy costs and reduce greenhouse gas emissions; Town Supervisor Steve Bellone backs effort (S)')('2006112', 'Laura Shaine Cunningham Home Work essay on her desperate, last-chance effort at canning fruits and vegetables in November; drawing (M)')('2006112', "Frank Ulrich letter comments on Nov 12 Ethicist column on propriety of inquiring further about cause of a friend's death if his widow declines to disclose it")('2006112', 'Laura Shaine Cunningham Home Work essay on her desperate, last-chance effort at canning fruits and vegetables in November; drawing (M)')('2006112', "Lisa Sanders's column on complications that can arise when zinc supplements lead to copper deficiency elicits letters from Colin Phoon and Coco Newton")('2006112', 'Article explores reasons why property taxes differ so much in communities around New York City metropolitan area and efforts to rein them in; analysis of 2005 property tax and real estate records shows that owners of comparably priced homes in Pelham and Great Neck, NY, Fairfield, Conn, and Glen Ridge, NJ, pay widely differing property taxes; while all four communities have first-rate public schools, stately homes on tree lined streets and similar public amenities, owner of median-priced $580,000 home in Fairfield, for example, paid $6,037 in property taxes while owner in Pelham paid $17,875; photos; charts (L)')('2006112', 'Westchester County Executive Andrew Spano proposes $1.7 billion budget that would raise property taxes by 3.98 percent; expects Democratic-dominated county board of legislators to approve budget on December 11; Republican lawmakers oppose tax hike (S)')('2006112', 'Plans for satellite branch of public library in public parking garage in Greenburgh, NY, near Hartsdale train station are set aside after questions are raised over legality of move (S)')('2006112', 'American tourist Karen McAlister Shimoda comments on visit to Crail, fishing village along Scottish coast; photo (M)')('2006112', 'Article on some of dozen or so microbreweries in New York metropolitan region; list; photos (M)')('2006112', "Brian O'Rourke says he is humbled by outpouring of help to repair O'Rourke's Diner in Middletown, Conn, which was damaged in August 31 fire; Web site has garnered responses from around world and fund-raisers have collected almost $100,000 of estimated $350,000 needed to repair and reopen popular diner; photo (M)")('2006112', 'Studies published in New England Journal of Medicine find that standard tests for avian influenza are so time-consuming that waiting for confirmation would cause dangerous treatment delays; only tests that work consistently are polymerase chain reaction tests, or PCRS, which take several hours in advanced laboratory; rapid tests will be key to preventing pandemic if A(H5N1) virus mutates into easily transmissible strain (M)')('2006112', 'Ari Hoogenboom letter comments on Mary Roach Nov 5 review of Molly Caldwell Crosby book American Plague')('2006112', 'Artist Joel-Peter Witkin creates six tableaus based on work of artists from Rubens to Hopper, with female subject in each of them wearing hat by modern designer')('2006112', "Andrei Moskowitz letter comments on Christopher Campbell's Oct 29 article on rising median age of motorcyclists")('2006112', 'Michael Winerip Parenting column on efforts to develop state-mandated integration plan to improve racial balance of schools in blue-collar Hartford suburb of Manchester, Conn; John Reiser, teacher and coach who is white, Annette Odom, black mother who runs two after-school programs and is in midst of adopting four more children, and some students comment; photo (M)')('2006112', 'Laura Shaine Cunningham Home Work essay on her desperate, last-chance effort at canning fruits and vegetables in November; drawing (M)')('2006112', "Chapter 9 of Seth's comic strip George Sprott (1894-1975)")('2006112', 'NBA Western Conference teams have won six of eight championships since 1998; photos (M)')('2006112', "Editorial praises proposals by New York State Chief Judge Judith Kaye to bring rural 'justice courts' more firmly into state's regular court system; calls on state Senate to make further, sweeping, reforms")('2006112', 'Laura Kipnis letter comments on Alexandra Jacobs Oct 29 review of her book The Female Thing')('2006112', "Matt Person letter on Mark Bittman's November 12 travel article reviewing restaurants in Reykjavik, Iceland")('2006112', 'Correction of credit for Nov 12 chart on top-grossing movie comedies')('2006112', "Bart K Holland letter on James Kindall's November 19 article on suburban homeowners' weekend chores")('2006112', "Joan F Goodman and Jay L Churchill letters comment on Oct 1 article on Wendy Mogel's use of Torah as guide to child-rearing")('2006112', 'Op-Ed article by American Museum of Natural History president Ellen Futter says results of recent science testing of American fourth and eighth graders in urban school districts are frightening; calls on institutions outside school system to play important roles in training young Americans in science, technology, engineering and mathematics (M)')('2006112', 'Murray Chass On Baseball column discusses San Francisco Giants outfielder Barry Bonds, who remains unsigned two weeks into signing season; photo (M)')('2006112', 'Families of Barry Miguel and his partner David Strah gather for family time and reminiscence; discussion of their various styles ensues; photo (Pulse column) (M)')('2006112', 'Henry Alford humorous quiz about difficulty of finding right title for book; photo (M)')('2006112', 'Robin Stuelpner letter on November 19 special issue about weekend pursuits')('2006112', 'Mayor Anthony Panzarella of Malverne, NY, says he is creating task force to investigate illegal housing with office of County Assessor Harvey Levinson; cites quality of life and safety issues as reasons for crackdown (S)')('2006112', 'Matchup between Houston Texans and New York Jets discussed; photo (S)')('2006112', 'Town of Southampton, NY, agrees to purchase Camp Tekakwitha, Girl Scout camp along Great Peconic Bay, for $16.5 million; will preserve property as public beach; photo (S)')('2006112', 'March 12 Movie Issue of New York Times Magazine elicits letters from Kathi King, Peter H Reader, Abner I Ragins, Judi Laing, Patricia Finlay, Kristin Phillips, Abby Fung, Terry Laughlin and Karen R Monaco; photos')('2006112', "Scene on soggy field at Brookdale Park in Bloomfield, NJ, described as 19 athletes from their early 20s to their late 30s try out for New Jersey's first women's professional football team; team hopes to begin playing exhibition games in 2007; photo (M)")('2006112', 'Matchup between New York Giants and Tennessee Titans discussed; photo (S)')('2006112', 'A Robert Smith letter comments on Franklin Foer Nov 12 review of Bob Woodward book State of Denial')('2006112', "Bart K Holland letter on James Kindall's November 19 article on suburban homeowners' weekend chores")('2006112', "Editorial praises proposals by New York State Chief Judge Judith Kaye to bring rural 'justice courts' more firmly into state's regular court system; calls on state Senate to make further, sweeping, reforms")('2006112', 'Book Review editors introduce Jacob Heilbrunn review of books Soulless: Ann Coulter and the Right-Wing Church of Hate by Susan Estrich, Brainless: The Lies and Lunacy of Ann Coulter by Joe Maguire and I Hate Ann Coulter] by Unanimous (S)')('2006112', "Brian O'Rourke says he is humbled by outpouring of help to repair O'Rourke's Diner in Middletown, Conn, which was damaged in August 31 fire; Web site has garnered responses from around world and fund-raisers have collected almost $100,000 of estimated $350,000 needed to repair and reopen popular diner; photo (M)")('2006112', "Dale Burg letter on Emma McLaughlin and Nicola Kraus's November 19 Op-Ed article about nannies")('2006112', "A Alfred Taubman dismisses rumors that his recent sale of controlling stake in Sotheby's means he will quit company entirely (S)")('2006112', "Dean Paton letter on Patrick O'Gilfoil Healy's November 12 travel article on hiking trails in Machu Picchu, Peru")('2006112', 'Photograph with article in Nov 19 T: Travel magazine about skiing in Silverton, Colo, showed Ouray, Colo, not Silverton')('2006112', 'Airlines are adding new stops and increasing service on some routes to Caribbean; drawing (S)')('2006112', "Bart K Holland letter on James Kindall's November 19 article on suburban homeowners' weekend chores")('2006112', 'Kenneth L Woodward letter contends that Notre Dame University both competes in Division I-A football and maintains rigorous academic standards (S)')('2006112', "Brian O'Rourke says he is humbled by outpouring of help to repair O'Rourke's Diner in Middletown, Conn, which was damaged in August 31 fire; Web site has garnered responses from around world and fund-raisers have collected almost $100,000 of estimated $350,000 needed to repair and reopen popular diner; photo (M)")('2006112', 'Photos of attendees at several benefits in New York City')('2006112', 'Michael Winerip Parenting column on efforts to develop state-mandated integration plan to improve racial balance of schools in blue-collar Hartford suburb of Manchester, Conn; John Reiser, teacher and coach who is white, Annette Odom, black mother who runs two after-school programs and is in midst of adopting four more children, and some students comment; photo (M)')('2006112', 'Retired investor Lewis B')('2006112', 'Carolee Goldstein letter says it was remiss not to mention Ivana Trump in Nov 19 article about Donald J Trump Jr and other Trump children')('2006112', "Columbia University Prof William Zajc letter disputes Kelly McMasters' November 12 Op-Ed article about Brookhaven National Laboratory and safety of its operations")('2006112', 'Crisis team works to help students at Douglas G Grafflin Elementary School in Chappaqua, NY, after teaching assistant Peggy Perez-Olivio is fatally shot; photo (S)')('2006112', "Marni Winslow and Francesco Ghio letters on Kate Stone Lombardi's Generations column on being soccer mom")('2006112', 'Alice Kaufman letter discusses radio station that brings sports to Indian reservation and reports in Navajo (S)')('2006112', 'Correction: Nov 19 photo caption accompanying article about abolishment of death penalty in Europe misstated year France banned executions; it was 1981')('2006112', 'Correction; Nov 19 In the Region/Westchester article misstated professional affiliation of realtor mentioned')('2006112', "Letter from Catherine C Marron, chairwoman of New York Public Library, says library has always been open about its compensation practices and supports 'competitive' compensation for its top management (Nov 19 article)")('2006112', "Scene on soggy field at Brookdale Park in Bloomfield, NJ, described as 19 athletes from their early 20s to their late 30s try out for New Jersey's first women's professional football team; team hopes to begin playing exhibition games in 2007; photo (M)")('2006112', 'Vice Pres Dick Cheney, who is in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, discusses security issues with King Abdullah, particularly Palestinian issue and situation in Iraq (S)')('2006112', "Marni Winslow and Francesco Ghio letters on Kate Stone Lombardi's Generations column on being soccer mom")('2006112', 'David H Porter letter comments on Scott Stossel Nov 5 reviews of book Size Matters')('2006112', 'Article on some of dozen or so microbreweries in New York metropolitan region; list; photos (M)')('2006112', "Six letters comment on Nov 21 Op-Ed article by Cathryn Garland and Michael O'Hanlon supporting autism legislation to help scientists study complex neurological disorders of children; Liz Main says legislation is long-term investment that US society is not prioritizing; Susan Crowell says studies should be applied in conjunction with working programs; Elayne Robertson Demby says studying autism is not enough, more services are needed; Dr Ronald Kallen says research of autism is good, but as parent of 20-year-old autistic son who will age out of government entitlements this year, it is too late; Paul Potito calls for research and creation of programs to improve quality of life of autistic people; Dr Jane R Zucker, asst cmr of New York City Health Dept Bureau of Immunization, takes issue with statement that link between autism and vaccines is unresolved; says numerous studies have failed to link autism with childhood vaccination; drawing")('2006112', 'Mark Fraser directs and prÿ')('2006112', 'New James Bond movie, Casino Royale, features villain who tries to make $100 million by short-selling stock, than forcing company into bankruptcy by blowing up prototype product; photo (S)')('2006112', 'NFL discussed; photos (S)')('2006112', 'Michael B Hartnagel letter contends that former players union head Marvin Miller should be voted into Baseball Hall of Fame (S)')('2006112', 'Federal Energy Regulatory Commission issues draft environmental impact statement that concludes that proposed Broadwater Energy floating gas plant in Long Island Sound is needed and would have limited adverse envirommental impacts; public hearings on draft will be held in New York and Connecticut and agency could adopt final version as early as mid-2007; photo (M)')('2006112', 'The situation in Iraq appears to be a civil war, or is it?')('2006112', 'In Ohio, a judge ordered a Republican fund-raiser convicted in a rare-coin embezzlement scheme, to repay the state $13.7 million.')('2006112', "Slim margin lands Congresswoman Deborah Pryce's slim victory into automatic recount land.")('2006112', "Supreme Court rejects The New York Times' appeal to protect reporters' phone records...")('2006112', "Why can't you avoid noise in restaurants?")('2006112', 'The lackluster market for technology-related initial public offerings has made life a little easier for Dan Scheinman, Cisco Systems\' senior vice president in charge of acquisitions. Or, at least, he says it has given him more breathing room. During the technology bubble, as valuations were skyrocketing, "our strategy had to be to acquire quickly," Mr. [...]')('2006112', "Scott Kapnick will step down as one of Goldman Sachs' three co-heads of investment banking, continuing the high-level changes that began when the firm named Lloyd Blankfein as chief executive this summer. Mr. Kapnick, 47, will retire at the end of the year, Reuters reported, citing an internal memo that was confirmed by a Goldman [...]")('2006112', 'Answers to the news quiz, and an eggheaded winner...')('2006112', 'The holiday shopping floodgates have been opened. We have an informal IM-chat with our retail reporter, Michael Barbaro.')('2006112', "There is a new crop of partners at Weil Gotshal & Manges, a New York-based law firm that often advises in large corporate transactions and restructurings. The latest class is different that its predecessors, though, because women make up a majority of the new partners for the first time in the firm's history, Weil Gotshal [...]")('2006112', "Bob Smith, the former Onondaga County Republican chairman, said today that he has decided not to seek the chairmanship of the state Republican Party because he did not think he could win enough votes without the support of Senate Majority Leader Joseph L. Bruno. Mr. Smith's decision clears the way for Mr. Bruno's favored candidate, [...]")('2006112', 'Readers respond to David Brooks\'s Nov. 26 column, "The Education of Robert Kennedy." Charles Lavine, Glen Cove, N.Y.: Thanks for your moving piece on what helped make Robert Kennedy so important. John Kennedy used to say that we\'d all be a lot better off if poets know more about politics and politicians knew more about [...]')('2006112', 'Readers respond to Bob Herbert\'s Nov. 27 column, "While Iraq Burns." Duncan MacKenzie, Orillia, Ontario, Canada: I\'m living and working in a high school near San Jose, Calif. When the war was first being contemplated, I kept looking at our students and thinking that "That Man" wants to send all these young people off to [...]')('2006112', 'Updated links')('2006112', 'Despite the proliferation of new media channels and new technologies, both the creators and the distributors of media will further consolidate, with an even smaller handful of companies dominating, a Merrill Lynch analyst, Jessica Reif Cohen, said Monday at the Reuters Media Summit in New York. On the distribution side, phone companies such as Verizon [...]')('2006112', "Despite all the coverage of MySpace as the most astute media buy in recent history, Ad Age's Simon Dumenco begs to differ. His idea of a wise acquisition: the $2.4 billion buyout two weeks ago of Reader's Digest Association, publisher of the long-lived magazine of the same name. What people tend to forget, Mr. Dumenco [...]")('2006112', 'Mayor Bloomberg called it "unacceptable and inexplicable" that 50 shots were fired in the shooting that took the life of Sean Bell.')('2006112', "Standard & Poor's reported on Monday that companies in the S&P 500-stock index spent $110 billion to repurchase their own stock in the third quarter. That is slightly below the record $117 billion spent on buybacks in the second quarter, but still well above the historical average. Buybacks are often meant to raises companies' share [...]")('2006112', 'Community leaders are gathering at Gracie Mansion at this hour to meet with Mayor Bloomberg and Police Commissioner Kelly to talk about the shooting of Sean Bell. Among some who were turning up, there is palpable anger, particularly toward the Police Department. Bishop Lester Williams, the minister who was to have performed the wedding of [...]')('2006112', 'Mel Karmazin, the chief executive of Sirius Satellite Radio, has issued his strongest hint yet that he is interested in merging Sirius with his rival, XM Satellite Radio. In August, he said such a merger might be a good idea but warned that it would face regulatory hurdles that he thought were likely insurmountable. Apparently, [...]')('2006112', 'The Iowa Republican Party has selected Aug. 11, 2007, as the date for the Ames straw poll - a signature event for G.O.P.')('2006112', "Opinions on the future of President Bush's push for personal retirement accounts.")('2006112', 'Are public shareholders getting shortchanged when investment firms take companies private? That is one of the most hotly debated questions of the recent private-equity boom, and The Wall Street Journal touched on it, albeit briefly, in a Sunday article about how buyouts are changing the markets. It prompted Yaser Anwar, the finance student who runs [...]')('2006112', 'Senator Ted Stevens and Senator Daniel Inouye share a lot in common on the subcommittee for defense appropriations as the chairmanship and earmarking ability shifts from the Republican to the Democrat.')('2006112', 'The Rev. Jesse Jackson sits down with Michael Richards to discuss his racist tirade at the Laugh Factory...')('2006112', 'Voting glitches remain one of the most sticking issues for the next election cycle.')('2006112', 'President Bush, Republicans and Democrats regroup following the midterm-elections, looking ahead to their respective agendas.')('2006112', 'Ronald W. Burkle, the grocery magnate who runs the investment firm Yucaipa, has more on his mind than just becoming a media mogul. Mr. Burkle\'s firm, which recently bid for Tribune Company alongside Los Angeles billionaire Eli Broad, also plans to launch a "corporate governance" fund early next year, Forbes reports in its latest issue. [...]')('2006112', "A portrait of McCain; wanting to read O.J.; the Netherlands' proposed burqa ban.")('2006112', "Now that the shopping mall aisles are packed with crazed parents trying to negotiate détente with greedy two-year-olds, it's beginning to feel a lot like Oscar season. With the Gotham Awards this week, and a lot of the big hopefuls out of the gate, the Bagger feels less like he is part of a freaky [...]")('2006112', 'Scottish Re may have gotten a break after failing to attract a buyer: the troubled reinsurance firm said Monday that it has attracted $300 million investments from Mass Mutual Capital Partners and Cerberus Capital Management. The two will receive newly issued convertible preferred stock that may be converted into 150 million common shares of Scottish [...]')('2006112', "Of course, he could use the combination of goat's blood and chicken feather's that served him so well last year. Or, he could cop a bit from those kidders at USA Today, who went low-tech and high-concept by asking the Magic 8 Ball to foretell all things Oscar. Scott Bowles, Anthony Breznican and Susan Wloszczyna [...]")('2006112', 'The trucking company Swift Transportation said on Monday it had rejected a buyout proposal from its top shareholder and former chief executive, Jerry Moyes, calling the $29-per-share offer inadequate. The truckload carrier said a special committee set up to analyze the $2.2 billion offer would continue to explore alternatives, including discussions with other possible buyers, [...]')('2006112', "We need some True Blue fans to put this one in its historical context. Where does yesterday's game rank among the Giants' epic collapses? Dave Anderson writes in The Times this morning: This was a new low in franchise history. Lower than the 39-38 playoff loss to the 49ers in the 2002 season after the [...]")('2006112', 'Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie in Ho Chi Minh on November 23, 2006. (STR/AFP/Getty Images) While other Oscar wannabees are stuck in L.A. and New York, attending screenings and acting like they find journalists interesting, Brad Pitt is riding a motorbike around Vietnam visiting orphans, which sounds like much more fun, when you think about [...]')('2006112', 'Freddy Rodriguez, that guy from "Six Feet Under," has a memorable role as the busboy who cradles the head of the assassinated presidential candidate in "Bobby," and he is is very picky about the roles he will take. He tells the Associated Press that he doesn\'t always want to be the Puerto Rican guy. "As [...]')('2006112', '"Thank You for Smoking," a diminutive hit that received great notices and a small amount of Oscar attention will be coming soon to flat screen near you. With its depiction of amoral spin doctors who use the media to help industries peddle toxic products and politics to society, the sitcom version should do a better [...]')('2006112', 'First came the books, then the television docudramas and feature-length films. And now "Enron: The Musical." Opening on Friday on a stage way, way off Broadway – at Lambert Hall in Houston – the revue is a send-up of the rise and fall of the infamous energy company. In two acts, six local actors each [...]')('2006112', 'A federal court has directed banks and auditors accused of contributing to the $18 billion collapse of Parmalat to discuss a settlement with the company. Judge Lewis A. Kaplan of Federal District Court in Manhattan has adjourned all pretrial proceedings until Dec. 31 and instructed the parties to explore a settlement, Parmalat said Wednesday in [...]')('2006112', "Quest Software, a maker of database-management programs, said Friday that its chief financial officer, Brinkley Morse, resigned after refusing to answer questions about the company's past stock option grants. Go to Article from Bloomberg News via The Los Angeles Times »")('2006112', 'A European Union panel concluded Wednesday that a banking consortium breached European Union data protection rules when it gave the Bush administration access to millions of records of private financial transactions. The consortium, known as Swift, or the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunications, has come under scrutiny for participating in a program that allows [...]')('2006112', 'Microsoft submitted a new batch of technical information about its Windows operating system to the European Commission on Thursday, meeting the latest deadline to provide information on whether it is complying with a 2004 antitrust ruling. "This is an important milestone," Microsoft said in a statement. Final edits and technical review of the information already [...]')('2006112', "Google reached a settlement with Belgian photographers and journalists on Friday in a copyright dispute over how Google's news service links to newspaper content. The agreement was made with the Belgian copyright groups Sofam, representing about 3,700 photographers, and Scam, on behalf of journalists. Go to Article from Bloomberg News via The New York Times [...]")('2006112', "German prosecutors want to talk to Siemens's chief executive, Klaus Kleinfeld, as part of an investigation of suspected fraud at the German industrial conglomerate, Reuters reported. Go to Article from Reuters »")('2006112', 'Monster Worldwide, the parent of the job search site Monster.com, said Wednesday that it had dismissed its general counsel, Myron F. Olesnyckyj, as part of its investigation into past stock-option grant practices. Mr. Olesnyckyj is the second high-ranking executive to leave the company over backdated stock options. The chairman, chief executive and founder of Monster, [...]')('2006112', 'Federal regulators have pressed Ford Motor for information about its business in Syria and Sudan, which are under economic sanctions or other controls for being alleged state sponsors of terrorism. The Securities and Exchange Commission, in a letter to Ford dated July 5 but not released until Friday by the agency, said that it appeared [...]')('2006112', 'It seems that the only thing that hedge funds do not invest in is lawsuits. And that may change. This year, Australia\'s highest court gave its blessing to "litigation funding companies" funds that pay the cost of litigation, including lawyers\' fees, in exchange for a percentage of the recovery, usually one-third to two-thirds. Unsurprisingly, that [...]')('2006112', "Has an archetypal digital genius yet emerged among the world's top media gurus? Not exactly, writes The New York Times' Richard Siklos. In the last few weeks, there has been a stampede of change involving the top Internet executives at big media companies. Most significantly, Jonathan F. Miller, the chairman and chief executive of AOL, [...]")('2006112', "A lineup of legal heavyweights unusual even by Supreme Court standards is doing battle in a case pitting Wachovia against Michigan banking regulators. Wachovia's side includes Walter Dellinger, Seth Waxman and Theodore Olson, all former solicitors general of the United States - the government's top courtroom lawyer. Backing Michigan in its arguments to the court [...]")('2006112', 'For those keeping score in the duel between the one-time friends and now competing media barons Rupert Murdoch and Silvio Berlusconi: Mr. Murdoch is slightly ahead on points, but Mr. Berlusconi might still pack a punch. For years, the two have been locked in a turf battle over the Italian media market. Mr. Berlusconi, through [...]')('2006112', "Like Lake Wobegon, Garrison Keillor's fictitious Minnesota town where all the children are above average, executive compensation practices often assume that corporate managers are equally superlative. When shareholders question lush pay, they are invariably met with a laundry list of reasons that businesses use to justify such packages. Among that data, no item is more [...]")('2006112', "As private equity groups continue to eye newspaper assets across America, including Tribune's assets and The Boston Globe, their British counterparts are also getting caught up in the media craze. The British buyout firms Candover and Apax are considering bids for all or part of Trinity Mirror, owner of the Daily Mirror and Sunday Mirror, [...]")('2006112', 'New chief executives have shorter strings and briefer honeymoons these days. Two things have gotten longer, though: their contracts, and the time it takes to negotiate them. "Two years ago, people might have accepted the C.E.O. job with a one-page term sheet," Thomas J. Neff, chairman of United States operations at the recruiter Spencer Stuart [...]')('2006112', 'APN News & Media of Australia has ended talks to be bought out by an Irish news company, Independent News & Media, for $2.9 billion, though the door has been left open for renewed discussions. Go to Article from The Guardian »')('2006112', "The Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan agreed to buy two marine container terminals in the New York area and two in British Columbia from Orient Overseas (International) for $2.4 billion. The pension fund, one of Canada's largest institutional investors, is buying the New York Container Terminal on Staten Island and Global Terminal and Container Systems at [...]")('2006112', 'Raytheon is close to an agreement to sell its largest nondefense business, Raytheon Aircraft, to a private equity firm and is expected to complete the deal by the end of the year. Negotiations with three would-be buyers are "in the final stage," The Boston Globe reported, citing an executive source. According to the report, the [...]')('2006112', 'Lone Star Funds, the private equity firm based in Dallas, canceled an agreement on Thursday to sell its controlling stake in the Korea Exchange Bank to the Kookmin Bank, South Korea\'s biggest lender, citing "politically motivated" prosecutors who have been investigating the deal. "We have concluded that we cannot move forward with the sale of [...]')('2006112', 'More and more young entrepreneurs are trying to get their start-ups off the ground without the help - and headache - of venture capitalists. They say they yearn for a new entrepreneurship model. They talk about building "sustainable companies," suggesting something idealistic in their quest. The relationship between venture capitalists and entrepreneurs has always been [...]')('2006112', 'Heelys, a maker of shoes with removable wheels in the heel, lowered its estimate of funds to be raised in its initial public offering by 7.6 percent. The company will sell 6.25 million shares at $16 to $18 each for a total of $106.3 million. Heelys originally aimed to raise $115 million. Go to Article [...]')('2006112', "Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, Spain's second-biggest bank, plans to raise 3 billion euros ($3.9 billion) in the country's largest share sale in six years after acquisitions in Asia, the United States and Latin America depleted its capital. Go to Article from Bloomberg News »")('2006112', 'The London Stock Exchange is preparing to cut its prices to compete with a rival shareholding platform being set up by seven investment banks, The Sunday Telegraph said. Citigroup, Credit Suisse, Deutsche Bank, Goldman Sachs, Merrill Lynch, Morgan Stanley and UBS announced two weeks ago that they were planning to start a high-speed trading system [...]')('2006112', "China Communications Construction, the country's largest port builder, plans to sell shares worth as much as 16.1 billion Hong Kong dollars ($2.07 billion) in an initial public offering, Bloomberg News reported. The state-owned company will sell 3.5 billion new shares in Hong Kong, representing a 24.5 percent stake, at 3.40 to 4.60 Hong Kong dollars [...]")('2006112', 'Wall Street traders – traumatized by mass layoffs as electronic trading replaces the traditional floor-based specialists – are beginning to seek help from psychologists, according to The New York Post. The New York Stock Exchange this month launched its so-called hybrid-market, which combines a an expanded electronic platform with the old-school human kind. The move [...]')('2006112', "Eurotunnel, the operator of the rail link between France and Britain, said yesterday that it had received offers from Citigroup and a consortium led by Goldman Sachs and Deutsche Bank to finance its proposed financial restructuring. A spokeswoman in Paris for Eurotunnel, Mady Chabrier, said that based on the offers, Eurotunnel's annual interest would be [...]")('2006112', 'Nearly seven years after he and other board members handed out thank-you checks for $73 million to the departing executives of an acquired German telecommunications company, Josef Ackermann has learned the high cost of his generosity. Mr. Ackermann, the chief executive of Deutsche Bank, will pay 3.2 million euros ($4.2 million), as part of a [...]')('2006112', 'A classified report describes a well-funded Iraqi insurgency ... so now what?')('2006112', 'The funeral giant Service Corporation International must sell 55 properties to gain regulatory approval to buy its biggest rival, the Alderwoods Group. The Federal Trade Commission is forcing Service Corporation to sell 40 funeral homes and 15 cemeteries to meet antitrust requirements. Go to Article from Bloomberg News via The Houston Chronicle »')('2006112', 'Swisscom said it is entering talks to buy back a 25 percent stake in its mobile arm held by the Vodafone Group, which is selling stakes in holdings around the world. Go to Article from MarketWatch »')('2006112', 'The chief executive of BJ\'s Wholesale Club resigned after months of disappointing sales, sparking speculation on Wall Street that the retailer may be put up for sale. The company said its chairman, Herbert J. Zarkin, would serve as interim chief executive, succeeding Michael T. Wedge, who leaves after about four years on the job. "Simply [...]')('2006112', 'Origin Energy, the provider of power and natural gas to one in seven Australian households, agreed to pay 1.2 billion Australian dollars ($937 million) for Sun Retail, an electricity retailer owned by the state of Queensland, increasing customers by 45 percent. Go to Article from Bloomberg News »')('2006112', 'Shares in a French energy-services company, Technip, jumped on Friday after newspapers reported the firm may get a takeover bid from the Italian oil giant Eni, though gains were pared after an Italian minister said any deal would have to be friendly. French newspapers La Tribune and Les Echos both reported that a bid could [...]')('2006112', "The Swedish truck maker Scania rejected a second unsolicited takeover bid Friday by its German rival, MAN, thwarting another attempt to create Europe's largest truck maker. Scania also raised the prospect of making a special payout to shareholders in 2007 for the second year in a row. MAN has offered 10.3 billion euros, or $13.4 [...]")('2006112', "A consolidation craze has taken off in the airline industry. But federal antitrust regulators may not be so keen to get on board, The Houston Chronicle says. With the nation's planes packed full and air fares flying high, US Airways' hostile bid to take over financially troubled Delta Air Lines could face a cool reception [...]")('2006112', 'There is an old saying that when the shoe-shine guy is giving stock tips, it is time to get out of the market. The idea is that when the general public is obsessed with a certain kind of investment, that investment is probably nearing a top. What, then, to make of "Hedge Funds for Dummies?" [...]')('2006112', 'Shares of the liquor maker Remy Cointreau rose as much as 9 percent on Thursday after the company said it would break out of a distribution joint venture, prompting speculation it may be for sale. Remy Cointreau said it plans to terminate its agreement with Maxxium as of March 30, 2009, to help it find [...]')('2006112', 'Affiliated Computer Services, a giant processor of student loans, said Monday that its chief executive officer and chief financial officer had stepped down after an investigation found that their conduct "violated the company\'s code of ethics for senior financial officers." The company\'s investigation came after it received an informal inquiry from the Securities and Exchange [...]')('2006112', "The Russian steel maker Severstal is in negotiations to buy Weirton Steel of the United States from Arcelor Mittal, according to the Russian newspaper Kommersant. Mittal, the world's largest steel maker, might be required to sell Weirton Steel in place of the Canadian steel maker Dofasco to satisfy anti-monopoly regulation after the company's merger with [...]")('2006112', 'The German government is nearing a deal in which major German banks would buy a stake in European Aeronautic Defense & Space as DaimlerChrysler reduces its holding in the company, which owns the aircraft manufacturer Airbus. The talks, which involve Daimler and German lenders including Deutsche Bank, Commerzbank, WestLB and KfW, are "making good progress," [...]')('2006112', "If overexposure to leftover tryptophans, cheap wine and familial dysfunction has you feeling a bit logy this post-Thanksgiving Monday, we've got just the thing: A slight variation on our weekly news quiz. Try to identify the source - and context - of each quote. (These were all uttered within the last seven days.) Just to [...]")('2006112', "Is the London Stock Exchange really worth $5 billion? Or even $6 billion? A number of investors, particularly hedge funds, are now piling into the shares of the London exchange on expectations that Nasdaq's pursuit of the exchange will lead to a rich buyout. Some see a takeover price of 1,500 pence a share, nearly [...]")('2006112', 'In this lesson, students will gather opinions about unschooling and the value of learning inside the classroom and in the real world. They then conduct a debate and reflect on the value of unschooling for their own education.')('2006112', 'Photo of young girl enjoying mild autumn air in New York City')('2006112', 'New Englanders deal blow to moderate Yankee Republicans that have long represented social tolerance while still maintaining tight purse strings; some fear election results will widen divide between two national parties by removing longstanding bridge between them that moderates represented; photos (M)')('2006112', "Movies that open over five-day Thanksgiving weekend, which starts on Wednesday, can settle in for long and prosperous run into new year; highest-grossing Thanksgiving movie was Mrs Doubtfire; children's movies did well this Thanksgiving weekend, led by Happy Feet and Deck the Halls; photo (S)")('2006112', 'John S Matheson is charged with robbing Huntington, NY, bank (S)')('2006112', 'New York Yankees pitcher Mike Mussina criticizes City Council bill to ban use of metal and other nonwood bats in high school baseball games (S)')('2006112', 'Correction of Nov 23 article on killing of University of Miami football player Bryan Pata, regarding name of his car and of his girfriend')('2006112', "Correction of Nov 23 article on Pres Bush's upcoming meeting with Iraqi prime minister, regarding duration of war in Iraq compared with other wars")('2006112', 'Political consultants Steve DeMicco and Brad Lawrence, owners of firm Message and Media, are low-key force in getting New Jersey Democratic candidates elected since 1997; receive credit for transforming state into solidly Democratic one; photo (M)')('2006112', 'Man and woman are found with gunshot wounds in Brooklyn home (S)')('2006112', 'Letter from Carol Smolenski, director of End Child Prostitution, Child Pornography and Trafficking of Children for Sexual Purposes-USA, praises Nov 20 Bob Herbert Op-Ed column and hope it helps Americans acknowledge problem of child sex trafficking')('2006112', 'Kelefa Sanneh reviews new CD by Clipse; photo (M)')('2006112', 'Two letters comment on Nov 20 article about ways to discourage drunken driving; Katherine Berland contends message of Mothers Against Drunk Driving is not strong enough; Nick Fiori wonders if cars could be fitted with Breathalyzers so drivers would know if they were above legal limit')('2006112', 'Gerardo Parraga is fatally shot on Bronx street (S)')('2006112', "Photo of demonstrators in Istanbul protesting planned visit by Pope Benedict XVI, who angered Muslims in September by quoting Byzantine emperor who called aspects of Islam 'evil and inhuman'")('2006112', 'Jon Pareles reviews new CD by Loreena McKennitt; photo (M)')('2006112', 'Jon Pareles reviews new CD by Darryl Worley (M)')('2006112', 'Deutsch ad agency partners Kathy Delaney and Jeffrey Wolf leave to pursue other interests (S)')('2006112', 'Michigan State University is expected to hire Mark Dantonio as head football coach (S)')('2006112', "Dave Anderson Sports of The Times column discusses New York Giants' 24-21 loss to Tennessee Titans; photo (M)")('2006112', 'Erik Tkal letter suggests that all software and design for voting machines be open to public inspection, analysis and auditing (Nov 24 Paul Krugman Op-Ed column)')('2006112', 'Correction of picture caption with Nov 26 article on violence in Iraq')('2006112', 'Correction of Nov 29 Sports of The Times column on Nascar, which misidentified driver quoted in pre-race news conference')('2006112', 'Tangerine, executive search company in New York that specializes in advertising and marketing industries, is joining forces with Carol Watson, former publisher of Yibe magazine, to open Tangerine-Watson, which wil be focused on recruiting multicultural talent; Tangerine will be minority shareholder in Tangerine-Watson, to be led by Watson as president (S)')('2006112', "Six letters comment on Nov 23 article about psychiatric drug use in children and teenagers; Dr Gerald A Shiener says child psychiatrists are too quick to affix label to child who misbehaves and treat with medication; Scott Telek wonders why so many children are afflicted with mental problems; Dr Lawrence Diller, who practices behavioral-developmental pediatrics, asserts children's behavior is out of control; says children must learn compliance through interaction with others regardless of drugs they are prescribed; Jessamyn Blau agrees there may be overmedicating but fears backlash will do disservice to children who need medicines; Dr Michael Schwartz, associate professor of clinical psychiatry at Stony Brook University of Medicine, cautions practitioners to resist external pressures from families and schools to overprescribe; Donna Klein, social worker, contends Americans as a whole are overmedicated; suggests alternative approaches to changing children's behavior; drawing")('2006112', 'Roundup of recent advertising account changes (S)')('2006112', 'Jon Pareles reviews new CD by Incubus; photo (M)')('2006112', "Toronto-based Zig ad agency, owned by MDC Partners, is expanding into US by buying majority stake in Hadrian's Wall, Chicago, which becomes Chicago office of Zig; financial terms undisclosed; HDNet, high-definition TV channel co-founded by Mark Cuban, signs Patron tequila, sold by Patron Spirits Co, and Blu-ray Disk Association as sponsors of Dan Rather Reports, its investigative news show (S)")('2006112', 'Photo of New York Knicks player Stephon Marbury')('2006112', 'Kelefa Sanneh reviews new CD of previously unreleased music by 2Pac (M)')('2006112', 'Letter from Matthew Stone, trustee of independent school, says gaps in test results between minority and white students are no surprise; says law cannot measure success of system until people realize that education cannot be standardized (Nov 20 article)')('2006112', "Photo of Buffalo Sabres' win against New York Rangers")('2006112', "Walda Lyons receives help with utility bill from Jewish Board of Family and Children's Services, beneficiary agency of New York Times Neediest Cases Fund; photo (M)")('2006112', 'Photo of Ohio State University and Southern California University flags; Ohio State holds No.1 ranking atop Bowl Championship Series, while USC is No.2')('2006112', 'Week of college football discussed; photo (S)')('2006112', 'The annual Paulée wine celebration in Burgundy.')('2006112', "Adam Liptak writes on Wednesday that thanks to vigorous recruiting and pressure from corporate clients, minority lawyers are well represented now among new associates at the nation's most prestigious law firms. But they remain far less likely to stay at the firms or to make partner than their white counterparts. Do you think elite law [...]")('2006112', 'Earlier this month, Thomas Friedman began his column in The New York Times with a story about being chauffeured from Paris Charles De Gaulle Airport by a young, French-speaking African driver who chatted on his mobile phone the entire trip, while simultaneously watching a movie on the dashboard. Friedman, for his part, was writing a [...]')('2006112', 'A 22-year-old Afghan says the people of his country are yearning for peace.')('2006112', 'We want you to decide whether the situation in war-torn Iraq should be called a civil war.')('2006112', 'The Bernard Kerik-Charles Barron faceoff on Fox over the Sean Bell shooting was, in Ben Smith\'s words, a "freak show." [The Daily Politics.] The video is at the Hannity & Colmes page. Representative Charlie Rangel says it would be "bad tax policy" and bad politics for Democrats to roll back the Bush tax cuts "retroactively." [...]')('2006112', 'An Australian company may face a hefty lawsuit from American farmers for its conduct during the U.N. oil-for-food program...')('2006112', 'Brokerage firms will get $35,000 each if a regulatory merger goes through.')('2006112', "In today's column I noted that foreign correspondents in Iraq, after having been vilified by the administration for years as cowards, idiots and knaves, have now been vindicated. The trajectory they described of disintegrating security has come to pass. In response, I had a thoughtful note from an Army officer who had been based in [...]")('2006112', 'Incoming House Speaker Nancy Pelosi issued a public rejection notice this afternoon, saying she had notified Congressman Alcee Hastings that he would not become chairman of the House intelligence panel.')('2006112', "Shares of Harrah's Entertainment jumped Tuesday afternoon as investors reacted to a report that the company, the largest casino operator in the world, might receive a second takeover bid. CNBC reported that a group including Penn National Gaming, which owns casinos and racetracks, and D.E. Shaw, a hedge fund, were considering an offer to buy [...]")('2006112', "As many of us were working off our holiday meals, peHub.com's Dan Primack was digesting the latest regulatory filing from the hospital operator HCA. The day after Thanksgiving, HCA filed a document that disclosed various management and transaction fees payable to the private equity investors that recently acquired it in the largest leveraged buyout ever. [...]")('2006112', 'The next president of the Christian Coalition of America quietly backs out of the deal...')('2006112', 'In some cases, the best strategy for companies faced with a backdating scandal is to start firing people, experts suggest to BusinessWeek. And general counsels are among the most popular candidates to get the boot, The Financial Times writes in a separate story on the widening scandal over stock-option grants. BusinessWeek presents Affiliated Computer Services [...]')('2006112', 'Seinfeld v. National Lampoon.')('2006112', 'Now, for your reading pleasure: the Berger commission report. Will it fly? Earlier: No Clues Yet as Health Industry Awaits a Report on Downsizing')('2006112', "The Bagger came away from last year's Spirit Awards with a soft spot for the event. Apart from the loosey-goosey vibe - the talent actually mingled with the hoi polloi! - hostess Sarah Silverman took the hoary conventions of awards shows and subverted them at every turn. She'll be back this year, and so will [...]")('2006112', 'Barry Diller, who was famously skeptical of the Internet during the tech boom (before he became an industry mogul), is sounding skeptical again. Web assets are generally too expensive, he suggested Monday during the Reuters Media Summit. "We don\'t see anything big to buy," the chief executive of IAC/InteractiveCorp said. For "most things Internet," he [...]')('2006112', 'InContention, one of the newsier, more efficacious blogs of this young season, recently did a big analysis on the hardware prospects of various projects and concluded: "Little Miss Sunshine" is one of the most beloved films of the year that sadly won\'t be turning up in the Best Director category due to two credited helmers." [...]')('2006112', 'This month I awarded Barry Diller my annual prize for corporate rapacity, a plastic shower curtain in honor of the $6,000 shower curtain that Tyco shareholders bought for their former CEO. I headlined the column "America\'s Laziest Man?" because his total compensation last year, $469 million, was justified partly as necessary to motivate him. Look, [...]')('2006112', "Mayor Michael Bloomberg took a detour on his way to meet with community leaders in Queen, getting together first with the family of Sean Bell, the young man killed by the police in Saturday's shooting. Attending the meeting at the Community Church of Christ in Jamaica were Mr. Bell's parents, his finance Nicole Paultre and [...]")('2006112', "The New York State Assembly has posted lists of legislators' pork barrel spending projects on its Web site. As reported this morning, the huge computer files are configured so that they are not searchable, which gives you an idea about how willing the Legislature was to make these projects public. The Empire Zone has deployed [...]")('2006112', 'This just in: Senator Barack Obama is headed to New Hampshire next month to headline a 2006 Democratic victory party.')('2006112', "Reaction to Scott Turow's musings on the legal side of the war on terror.")('2006112', 'A consumer product watchdog group takes a look at the 10 most dangerous toys ...')('2006112', 'President Bush, asked directly whether the situation in Iraq had devolved into a "civil war," demurred on that term, saying instead that the violent conditions had not entered a new phase.')('2006112', "Twenty years have passed since Coca-Cola sold part of its bottling business to the public. And Neville Isdell, Coca-Cola's chief executive, says the beverage giant has no intention of taking it back any time soon. Responding to a recent article in Barron's that discussed the merits of acquiring full control of the business, Coca-Cola Enterprises, [...]")('2006112', 'Blogtalk: updated')('2006112', "The real estate investment trust Vornado Realty said Tuesday it is buying the Manhattan Mall for $689 million. The mall is located on the entire Sixth Avenue blockfront between 32nd and 33rd Streets in Manhattan. Its stores include Express, Victoria's Secret, Children's Place and Brookstone. The mixed-use property is 97 percent leased, with 812,000 square [...]")('2006112', 'Nevada and South Carolina change the rituals of early presidential campaigning.')('2006112', 'The trial of the prominent class-action securities law firm Milberg Weiss Bershad & Schulman and two of its named partners has been scheduled for January 2008 so that defense lawyers will have time to prepare if additional charges are filed. The law firm and the partners are accused of making $11.3 million in secret payments [...]')('2006112', "With a criss-cross of rules and eligibility for all the various awards, things can get pretty confusing, even for the pros: From Stephen Galloway's story today in the Hollywood Reporter: Whatever unconventional choices the HFPA [Hollywood Foreign Press Association] membership might make, voters do have the option of really shaking things up by nominating one [...]")('2006112', 'The NASD and the NYSE Group said Tuesday they intend to combine their regulatory operations, creating a single private overseer for all stock market activity in the United States. The new organization, which has not yet been named, is expected to begin operation next year, the NYSE Group said in a press release. The new [...]')('2006112', 'The Citadel Investment Group said Monday it would sell up to $2 billion in senior unsecured debt to investors, becoming the second hedge fund to dip its toe into public markets. Citadel, a $12 billion fund based in Chicago and beloved on Wall Street for its extensive trading activity, follows in the footsteps of the [...]')('2006112', 'Iowans have a strong political conviction that transcends any other candidate or cause: the need to keep their first-in-the-nation primary caucus relevant.')('2006112', 'Octogenarians in the Senate intend to stay there.')('2006112', "While you were jamming croutons up a turkey and getting in touch with far-flung relatives, the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board, after a long wait, finally got to hear about the Bush administration's electronic eavesdropping programs.")('2006112', 'Mayor Bloomberg calls the shooting of Sean Bell unacceptable; meanwhile, online police forums react...')('2006112', 'ServiceMaster, whose affiliates include the house-cleaning service Merry Maids and the pest-control business Terminix, said Tuesday that it had hired Morgan Stanley and Goldman Sachs to explore strategic alternatives for the company, including a possible sale. The company, which has a market capitalization of about $3.4 billion, also plans to consider operational changes that could [...]')('2006112', 'The Bagger was on set for the making of "The Fountain," Darren Aronofsky\'s new film that is being touted by some as a work of artistic genius, derided by others as an overreaching fable from a director run amok, while Anthony Lane at the New Yorker, plays it up the middle. Hugh Jackman and Rachel [...]')('2006112', 'The Bagger is always happy to watch someone tuck into some humble pie - his favorite part of the Oscars has always been the cutaways to the losers, who are forced to staple on wan smiles while someone else walks up to grab the statue - but there is an extra thrill when Simon Cowell [...]')('2006112', '"The Nativity" got its debut in Rome on Sunday, and reviews from the Holy See, even though the pope didn\'t see it, were two staffs up. "It is well done," Cardinal Tarcisio Bertone, the Vatican\'s Secretary of State, who ranks second only to Pope Benedict XVI in the Vatican hierarchy, told Reuters. "It re-proposes this [...]')('2006112', '"Bruno," Sacha Baron Cohen\'s follow up to "Borat," is still just a $42 million gleam in Universal\'s eye, but the blowback has already begun. The Los Angeles Times suggested that some of the problems with "Borat," - a legal suit here and there, and some questions about whether everybody is in on the joke –could [...]')('2006112', 'Not everybody is in the tank for "Dreamgirls." Over at InContention, Kristopher Tapley opines that the film\'s "decision to hold fast to the electricity of the music leaves the entire affair at arm\'s length. I can\'t comprehend a serious filmgoer sensing real emotion from these characters, let alone getting to know them."')('2006112', 'By the lights of Richard Natale at Variety, it is still very much a wide-open race this year. "Virtually every studio appears to have at least one potential contender, just a sampling of which includes Paramount\'s \'World Trade Center,\' DreamWorks/Par\'s \'Flags of Our Fathers\' and \'Dreamgirls,\' WB/ DreamWorks\' \'Letters From Iwo Jima,\' \'The Departed,\' \'The [...]')('2006112', "The BBC's chairman, Michael Grade, will leave to become executive chairman of a rival, ITV, in a dramatic defection described by analysts as a boost for ITV, which has recently drawn the attention of Rupert Murdoch's media empire. ITV, whose poaching of Mr. Grade has stunned London financial and media insiders alike, said the current [...]")('2006112', "Delta Air Lines said Monday that it had agreed to give its retired pilots an additional $719 million in unsecured claims in its bankruptcy case to help them recoup losses from the termination of the pilot pension plan. The agreement, which has the support of Delta's committee of unsecured creditors, would increase the retired pilots' [...]")('2006112', "The Securities and Exchange Commission has scheduled a public meeting for Monday to consider two measures that would tighten rules governing hedge funds. One proposal to be considered would deal with the minimum net worth that an investor must possess to be allowed to invest in hedge funds. Earlier this month, the S.E.C.'s chairman, Christopher [...]")('2006112', 'Warren E. Buffett\'s Berkshire Hathaway was asked by the Securities and Exchange Commission to do a better job disclosing the risks in its businesses, and appears to have satisfied the agency\'s concerns. Examiners expressed concern in April that Berkshire\'s disclosures in its 2005 annual report related to its insurance and reinsurance units "could be improved." [...]')('2006112', "Bain Capital, Huawei Technologies and Silver Lake Partners plan to borrow about $1 billion to buy 3Com's stake in a joint China telecommunications venture, Bloomberg News reported. Citigroup, J.P. Morgan Chase, Morgan Stanley, ABN Amro Holding, Lehman Brothers and the Royal Bank of Scotland will provide the debt to Huawei Technologies, the report said. Go [...]")('2006112', 'Atlanta-based Alimera Sciences, which makes drugs for eye problems, has raised $15.9 million in venture funding. Investors included BA Venture Partners, Domain Associates, Intersouth Partners, Polaris Venture Partners and Venrock Associates. Go to Article from Atlanta Business Chronicle »')('2006112', 'A startup, TetraPhase Pharmaceuticals, reported that it had completed a $25 million first round of venture funding to develop new classes of antibiotics aimed at drug-resistant infections. Participants in the round include Mediphase Venture Partners, Fidelity Biosciences, Skyline Ventures, Flagship Ventures, and CMEA Ventures. Go to Article from Mass High Tech »')('2006112', "KarstadtQuelle, Germany's biggest department-store company, may sell shares in its Neckermann catalog unit next year or seek a buyer for the division as it works to restore profit at its mail-order unit. Go to Article from Bloomberg News »")('2006112', "Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, Spain's second-biggest bank, raised 3 billion euros ($3.9 billion) in the country's largest share sale in six years to increase capital eroded by acquisitions in Asia, the United States and Latin America. Go to Article from Bloomberg News »")('2006112', 'Hertz shares dipped on Monday below $15, the price for the initial offering of the rental car company less than two weeks ago. Shares of Hertz Global Holding fell 49 cents, or 3 percent, to $14.75 on the New York Stock Exchange. The company, based in Park Ridge, N.J., went public Nov. 16, selling 28 [...]')('2006112', 'Barclays, Britain\'s third biggest bank, says it expects to meet City expectations of a near one-third increase in full-year profit to 7 billion pounds ($13.6 billion) but warned that bad debts are continuing to rise at Barclaycard. There was "excellent growth" in its investment banking business, Barclays Capital, with income for the third quarter topping [...]')('2006112', "Banks are no longer taking Ford Motor's word for it. The struggling automaker was forced to mortgage nearly all of its domestic assets – its plants, office buildings, patents and trademarks – along with stakes in Ford Credit and Volvo, to raise $18 billion from J.P. Morgan Chase, Citigroup and Goldman Sachs. In its latest [...]")('2006112', 'A digital software company, Trevoli, best known for its Photo Finale desktop software, has been acquired by Lucidiom, a provider of self-service digital photofinishing kiosks. Terms were not disclosed. Go to Article from The Dallas Morning News »')('2006112', 'British music giant EMI Group, whose roster of artists includes Janet Jackson, Coldplay, Robbie Williams and Goldfrapp, said Tuesday that it had been approached by a potential buyer. The announcement came after The Financial Times and other newspapers reported that Kohlberg Kravis Roberts and the private equity arm of Goldman Sachs were believed to be [...]')('2006112', "NeuStar, a Virginia company that manages the nation's telephone numbers and area codes, said on Monday it had acquired Followap, a British provider of mobile instant messaging products, for $139 million. Go to Article from Reuters »")('2006112', "Shares in Britain's Wilson Bowden jumped more than 14 percent on Monday after the mid-tier home builder said it was in preliminary takeover talks with several companies, sparking hopes of a bidding war. The announcement followed reports over the weekend that the group had received informal approaches from at least three other home builders. Go [...]")('2006112', "Three palm oil companies linked to the Malaysian government will merge to create the world's biggest palm oil business worth around 31.4-billion ringgit, or about $8.66 billion, officials said Monday. The merger, which the government hopes will cut costs and streamline the industry, would also potentially create the world's largest biofuels producer. Go to Article [...]")('2006112', 'The hedge fund Amaranth Advisors, whose $6.5 billion meltdown earlier this year took investors by surprise, has filed the paperwork needed to sell its 15 percent stake in a DVD maker, the Cinram International Income Fund, directly into the market. Amaranth, which is currently being wound down, has been pushing the Canadian company to sell [...]')('2006112', "Steel group Corus will allow a Brazilian bidder, Companhia Siderurgica Nacional, more time to put together a formal bid to rival the 4.3 billion pound ($8.4 billion) offer from India's Tata Steel. Corus shareholders had been due to vote on Tata's 455 pence-a-share terms at an extraordinary meeting on December 4. Go to Article from [...]")('2006112', 'The Nasdaq Stock Market said Monday that it would raise about $5.9 billion to help finance its purchase of the London Stock Exchange Group and meet competition from rivals who are also expanding overseas. In a Securities and Exchange Commission filing, Nasdaq said it would borrow as much as $5.1 billion from Bank of America [...]')('2006112', 'The billionaire financier Carl C. Icahn and the Manhattan real estate investor Harry B. Macklowe disclosed Monday that they owned an 8 percent stake in Reckson Associates Realty, the real estate investment trust they are seeking to buy for $4.26 billion. Mr. Icahn and Mr. Macklowe own 6.8 million shares, according to a Securities and [...]')('2006112', "In a deal that would create Europe's third-largest utility company, Spain's Iberdrola said Tuesday it had agreed to buy Scottish Power for 11.6 billion pounds ($22.5 billion) in cash and stock. The deal comes as several of Europe's biggest utilities are seeking to join forces. Germany's E.ON, whose bid for Scottish Power was rejected last [...]")('2006112', 'Sorry. This title is misleading. I actually have nothing to confess today. Mostly because I made no Gem-Gimp predictions for this past week. My recent Florida vacation, combined with the short Thanksgiving week, threw a wrench into my regular Tuesday-Thursday-Tuesday-Thursday blog rotation. But if I had given you some nice sleeper Gems for this past [...]')('2006112', 'In this lesson, students explore averages, mean, mode, median, range and variance through collecting and analyzing their own classroom data on intelligence.')('2006112', 'Passing judgment on some day-after-apocalypse quotations: Plaxico Burress, on the first Eli Manning interception: "If you want to say I gave up, that\'s fine with me, but I\'m a competitor. I go out and compete. I tried to get a hand on the football. I couldn\'t get to the football so I thought he couldn\'t. [...]')('2006112', 'If the Agriculture Department ultimately approves organic fish, it would complicate the debate about what types of seafood are best in terms of taste, nutrition, price and environmental impact. Should wild fish, whose living conditions are not controlled, receive an organic label? Or should that designation be reserved for farm-raised fish? Related Article')('2006112', "Correction of chart with Nov 22 article on Google's share price surpassing $500 which misstated performance of another company's initial offers")('2006112', 'Charles Roberts letter on Nov 25 article about holiday shopping says that if Americans expended even fraction of energy on civic engagment as they do on consumer ideology, their democracy would be much healthier')('2006112', "New York State Republican Party officials say that Jeanine F Pirro remains one of party's best prospects for future campaigns, despite personal scandals that plagued campaign and defeat in attorney general's race against Andrew M Cuomo; note that she won 40 percent of vote, highest statewide among Republican candidates, in year of record Democratic gains; some Democrats say fact that Pirro is bright spot for Republicans is reflection of poor condition of party itself; photo (M)")('2006112', 'United States is drafting United Nations resolution telling Myanmar to release opposition leader Daw Aung San Suu Kyi; also lists number of other activities that US Ambassador John R Bolton says constitute threat to international security and require Security Council action; Myanmar government orders closing of five Red Cross field offices (S)')('2006112', "Correction of Nov 27 article on group conducting research on cardiovascular plaque regarding affiliation of cardiologist commenting on group's plans")('2006112', "Eight letters commenting on Iraq conflict; John L Scherer, Stanley I Kutler, and Barbara Davilman say acknowledging that civil war exists in Iraq (Nov 26 analysis) should be first step in recognizing that US must leave now; James L Joseph says conflict has regressed from civil war to anarchy; David P Barash and Alan B Spitzer comment on Nov 26 editorial on lessons to be drawn from conflict; Ali Shahmiri, referencing Maureen Dowd's Nov 25 column, says Pres Bush should give up on imposing Western idea of democracy on Middle East; Kathy Galligan is appalled by lack of emotion in US regarding what nation has done in Iraq (Bob Herbert's Nov 27 column); drawing")('2006112', 'cA')('2006112', 'Rep Henry Bonilla, Republican incumbent in Texas, faces runoff election on Dec 12 against his Democratic opponent, Ciro Rodriguez (S)')('2006112', 'Pres Bush and Sec of State Condoleeza Rice are heading for Jordan where they will meet with Sunni Arab leaders and Iraqi Prime Min Nuri Kamal al-Maliki in effort to rein in violence in Iraq; career Foreign Service officials are arguing for increased dialogue with Iran and Syria to help stem downward spiral in Iraq and Lebanon; US wants to drive wedge between Maliki and anti-American Shiite cleric Moktada al-Sadr in effort to get moderate Sunni Arab nations to support Maliki; photos (M)')('2006112', 'Jason Gold letter on November 21 article about intimacy says that patient described in article should not be labeled by therapist, but instead encouraged to understand his feelings; Pat Engel letter agrees that emotional intimacy is not appropriate for all people')('2006112', 'Correction of Nov 25 article on theater director Peter Sellars and his New Crowned Hope festival in Vienna regarding music to be played in festival')('2006112', 'Jane E Brody Personal Health column discusses details that should be included in living will and things to consider in establishing health care proxy; drawing (M)')('2006112', 'Bob Smith, former Republican Party chairman in Onondaga County, NY, says he will not seek chairmanship of state Republican Party because he does not have support of Senate Majority Leader Joseph L Bruno (S)')('2006112', 'New York Jets rush for only 27 yards in win against Houston Texans; photos (M)')('2006112', 'Soap opera All My Children will feature male character, played by Jeffery Carlson, that will undergo sex change; photo (S)')('2006112', 'Nasdaq Stock Market, in Securities and Exchange Commission filing, says it will raise about $5.9 billion to help finance its purchase of London Stock Exchange Group (S)')('2006112', 'Correction of Nov 22 obituary about filmmaker Robert Altman regarding name of relative9')('2006112', "Thom Mayne, Los Angeles architect who was awarded last year's Pritzker Prize, wins contest to design skyscraper billed as tallest office building in Paris; photo (S)")('2006112', 'Correction of Nov 25 article on planned line of graphic novels from DC Comics, regarding amount of money it will spend on promoting line--$250,000')('2006112', 'Velupillai Prabhakaran, leader of Sri Lankan Tamil Tigers, says 2002 cease-fire with government is defunct and that rebels will push to form independent state (S)')('2006112', 'Lucita Petro-Nixon of Brooklyn and her family are helped by Catholic Charities when they cannot come up with money to pay both rent and costs of funeral for 16-year-old daughter; photo (M)')('2006112', 'Letter from Yvonne Terlingen, representative for Amnesty International at the United Nations, replies to Nov 21 editorial condemning fledgling new Human Rights Council for focusing on Israel')('2006112', 'Rebecca Friedman letter on Nov 21 article about dress codes for doctors holds that article only criticized way female doctors dress; David Williams letter suggests that dress code infractions mentioned are not really inappropriate by modern standards; Rebecca Schiff letter says that younger patients sometimes prefer doctors who dress more like young people in society; Jeffrey Glassman letter says that quality of care has nothing to do with what doctor wears; photo')('2006112', 'ABC wins ratings for Sunday night with show Desperate Housewives (S)')('2006112', 'Photo of Newark Symphony Hall, under consideration for rehabilitation')('2006112', 'Tom Stoppard letter says audience for his play need not read dozens of books to enjoy it (Nov 24 article)')('2006112', 'Proposal by Canadian Prime Min Stephen Harper to recognize Quebec as nation within Canada is approved by House of Commons, 266 to 16; vote follows resignation of Min Michael D Chong over issue (S)')('2006112', "Correction of Nov 24 article on Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade regarding given name of girl injured in last year's parade")('2006112', 'Alabama University fires football coach Mike Shula; photos (M)')('2006112', 'Correction of erroneous clue in Nov 24 crossword puzzle')('2006112', 'Prosecutors make second request for warrant to arrest Byeon Yang-ho, former South Korean Finance Ministry official caught up in sale of Korea Exchange Bank to Lone Star Funds (S)')('2006112', 'Correction of Nov 27 article on discovery of text by ancient Greek orator and politician Hyperides; he lived in fourth century BC')('2006112', 'Many medical experts say that prepregnancy efforts are critical in having healthy baby; Centers for Disease Control and Prevention now recommends 10 specific measures along with prepregnancy checkups for women who may become pregnant; some say that women should maintain suggested prepregnancy health standards throughout reproductive years; drawing (M)')('2006112', "Judy Wood letter applauds Tom Wolfe's Nov 26 Op-Ed article on real estate industry's control of New York City, adding her own criticism of industry's failure to create afffordable housing")('2006112', 'Robert D Bulkley letter on November 21 article about debate between religion and science says that scientists need to understand religion before they can critcize it; Rev Anne-Marie Hislop letter holds that person can believe in both points of view; Russ Hammonds letter suggests that scientists must have faith in their convictions, even if they cannot be proven at this time and that religious faith is quite similar to scientific faith; George Holmes letter asserts that religious beliefs are not valid; Brian C Hall letter suggests that there may be mathematical solutions to questions about stability of solar system; Kate Bollinger letter says that people should be less adversarial in debate and instead honestly share ideas; drawing')('2006112', 'Ryan Moses, executive director of New York State Republican Party, announces that he will step down (S)')('2006112', "Letter from Charles W Colson, founder of Prison Fellowship, replies to David Kuo's Nov 16 Op-Ed urging evangelical Christians to go on two-year fast from politics")('2006112', 'Profile of Chris Carney, former pre-Iraq war Pentagon intelligence analyst and now Democratic representative-elect from 10th Congressional District in Pennsylvania; Carney, who is also Naval Reserve officer and political science professor, says that he still believes there were links between Saddam Hussein and Al Qaeda and that his main problem with Bush administration is way it dealt with Iraq after invasion, when it became clear that US was not prepared to deal with growing chaos in country; photo (M)')('2006112', 'Photo of muskellunge fishing in Buffalo Harbor (NYS)')('2006112', "Pro-business opposition group in Poland takes control of Warsaw City Hall from government of Prime Min Jaroslaw Kaczynski and twin brother Lech Kaczynski after local elections; Hanna Gronkiewicz-Waltz becomes Warsaw's first female mayor; opposition holds onto Krakow, while incumbent backed by Kaczynski government retains Lodz (S)")('2006112', "Correction of Nov 25 front-page news summary about drop in dollar, regarding China's trade relationship with US")('2006112', "Three letters comment on Nov 23 editorial accusing flagship public colleges of turning their backs on low-income student; Timothy D Taylor says when taxpayers and legislators decide to value education over tax cuts, public universities will no longer need to become semiprivate; Catherine Koch Schildknecht says state schools should recognize academic achivement no matter what a family's income; Jay M Pasachoff, professor of astronomy at Williams College, says editorial does not point out that financially poor students can get free college education by doing well in high school; says many colleges like Williams, offers scholarships that eliminate tuition and other charges for many")('2006112', 'Q & A column discusses value of getting flu shot; drawing (M)')('2006112', 'Former Italian Prime Min Silvio Berlusconi remains hospitalized in intensive care following collapse (S)')('2006112', "US senators in their 70's and 80's intend to run for re-election in 2008, inspired by Sen Robert C Byrd, who was re-elected in West Virginia just days before turning 89; photos (S)")('2006112', 'List of House and Senate election races in which candidates contributed most to their own campaigns')('2006112', 'The One Laptop Per Child project plans to build a $100 laptop for the developing world\'s children. Seymour Papert, a computer scientist and educator who is an adviser to the project, has argued that if young people are given computers and allowed to explore, they will "learn how to learn." That, Mr. Papert argues, is [...]')('2006112', 'How to taste whiskey.')('2006112', 'A U.S. serviceman in Afghanistan answers readers who oppose the American operations there.')('2006112', 'We\'re trying to move on to other N.F.L. topics on the blog, but to borrow a line from "Godfather III," the Giants keep pulling us back in. To summarize the news today: 1) On WFAN Radio on Monday, Michael Strahan criticized Plaxico Burress for quitting on plays. 2) An ESPN reporter asked Strahan about his [...]')('2006112', 'The good times are still rolling in New Orleans, where a battle between two Democrats in a runoff is turning into a nasty little slugfest.')('2006112', 'Blogtalk')('2006112', "For those of you with an unhealthy interest in movie matters - and it's safe to assume that anyone checking an Oscar blog months before the event has the virus - you can get an early peak at the final Sundance lineup by levering over to a just-filed story by the Bagger's colleague, David Halbfinger. [...]")('2006112', "The Bagger will be over at Pier 60 tonight for the Gotham Film Awards, wearing an asbestos dinner coat and his faux-friendly grin. He smiles because everyone does at these things, though sometimes he's crying on the inside. When not gnawing on expensive rubber chicken and conducting arch exit interviews with the winners, he'll to [...]")('2006112', "Tennis star Andre Agassi has finally landed a buyer for his estate north of San Francisco, and he may have Web giant Google to thank for it. At least indirectly. A story in the San Francisco Chronicle, flagged by The Deal's VC Ratings blog, reports that Stuart Peterson, president of hedge fund Artis Capital Management, [...]")('2006112', 'Planes are grounded in Britain and Russia after traces of the radioactive material used to poision a former KGB agent are found...')('2006112', 'Eliot Spitzer has put out a statement on the hospital restructuring plan. Like George Pataki, he is supportive. An excerpt: After reviewing the Berger Commission Report, I believe its recommendations should be sent to the Legislature. There may be individual recommendations included in this report with which I would disagree, but the nature of this [...]')('2006112', 'Western banks say some home builders are having trouble paying their loans.')('2006112', 'Readers respond to Thomas L. Friedman\'s Nov. 29 column, "Ten Months or Ten Years." Bill Clack, East Lansing, Mich.: The United States will never leave Iraq for the simple reason that to do so would set the stage for a possible disaster vis-à-vis our close ally, Israel. Bush upset the apple cart in Iraq, because [...]')('2006112', 'The United States is losing its leading position in global capital markets thanks to Sarbanes-Oxley, other regulations, and lawsuits, according to a report that will be issued Thursday by a panel often called "the Paulson group." The group has gotten support from Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson, the former chief of Goldman Sachs, who last week [...]')('2006112', "(The Samkon Gado Watch is a weekly look at the best players available in more than 50 percent of fantasy leagues.) The playoff push is on in fantasy football, with some leagues already entering the postseason. SGW's fantasy team was derailed last year by injuries to Marc Bulger and Byron Leftwich, which resulted in David [...]")('2006112', 'Is Austin the "Live Music Capital of the World," or the "Live Music Capital of the South?"')('2006112', 'As the investment bank Lazard prepares to sell more of its stock, the Bank of America\'s brokerage analyst is urging his clients to buy it. After meeting with Bruce Wasserstein, Lazard\'s chief executive, and other executives, Bank of America\'s Michael Hecht this week raised his price target on the company\'s stock and repeated his "buy" [...]')('2006112', 'Gov. George E. Pataki, who was traveling in Iraq, said in a news conference broadcast by satellite from Kuwait that the shooting was "obviously" excessive: Obviously, 50 bullets fired into or at an unarmed individual in New York is excessive force, but the appropriate response to that is something that I think the investigation of [...]')('2006112', 'The Milano Center at the New School held its deconstruction of the 2006 statewide campaigns today, and here are a few brief highlights from the campaign consultants who attended: – The Spitzer campaign was worried initially at the prospect of having to face Charles Schumer in a Democratic primary, and then Rudolph Giuliani in a [...]')('2006112', "The draft-Obama crew for '08 have trouble with their favorite contender's first name.")('2006112', "Senator Bill Frist releases a statement saying he won't start a bid for the 2008 presidential race, and will return to private life.")('2006112', 'Rescuing the troubled Sanyo Electric may be the "toughest mission in Japan to date" for Goldman Sachs, according to BusinessWeek. Along with Sumitomo Mitsui Financial and Daiwa Securities, Goldman paid $2.6 billion in January for a stake in the company and five board seats. But the stock has been in free fall, having lost 70 [...]')('2006112', 'Now that Barry Diller has insulted my honor and that of my newspaper - calling us "birdbrainy" - it\'s time to throw down the gauntlet. I challenge him to a duel. Since Diller was insulting my intellect, I originally thought the weapons should be SAT preparation books, wielded as clubs. Or maybe No. 2 pencils. [...]')('2006112', 'First Impressions: Porchetta and Babouche')('2006112', "The Federal Reserve Bank of New York named William Dudley, an adviser to Goldman Sachs who was once the investment bank's chief United States economist, to oversee financial markets, turning to an outsider for the first time in 14 years. He will suceed Dino Kos on Jan. 1 as executive vice president and head of [...]")('2006112', 'The Bush administration draws the Nazi comparasin again.')('2006112', 'Semiconductor companies are managing their balance sheets too conservatively, according to Mark Lipacis, an analyst with Prudential. That trend, along with the higher, more-stable cash flows they are generating as a result of more-predictable business cycles, makes semiconductor makers attractive targets for private equity investors, he wrote in a research note Wednesday. Several analysts have [...]')('2006112', "Senator Bill Frist is expected to announce this afternoon that he won't begin a campaign for the 2008 G.O.P. presidential nomination.")('2006112', 'An Irish educational software company, the Riverdeep Group, will acquire the textbook publisher Houghton Mifflin for about $3.4 billion, including debt, the two companies announced Wednesday morning. Houghton Mifflin, which is based in Boston, is owned by three private equity firms: Thomas H. Lee Partners, Bain Capital and the Blackstone Group. The firms bought Houghton [...]')('2006112', 'Alfonso Cuarón showed up at MoMa Tuesday night for a reception after a screening of his film, "Children of Men." He\'d just participated in a panel discussion with his friends Alejandro González Iñárritu and Guillermo Del Toro, moderated by the Bagger. It was Mr. Cuarón\'s 45th birthday and he was surprised by a mariachi band, [...]')('2006112', "The standoff between Fiji's military and its prime minister continues, and the military makes a slight show of force ...")('2006112', 'Pengrowth Energy Trust said on Wednesday that it had agreed to buy Canadian oil and gas properties and undeveloped lands from ConocoPhillips for 1.04 billion Canadian dollars ($914 million). The Calgary-based trust said the acquisition, effective Nov. 1, will increase its production by 27 percent to about 100,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. It [...]')('2006112', 'Fatal police shooting: The focus continues on the the five officers and the injured man who is said to have mentioned a gun. Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg, after meeting Sean Bell\'s family and friends: "I tried to express my deepest sympathies for their loss. I don\'t think that any parent can understand what it would [...]')('2006112', "President Bush's answer to our QOD from Tuesday (Is Iraq in a state of civil war?): No.")('2006112', "The enemy of Richard Collins's enemy is his candidate.")('2006112', 'James Webb and the president shared a cold, juicy exchange at a reception two weeks ago.')('2006112', "The pope's visit to Turkey kicks off with a gift - support for membership in the EU...")('2006112', "A look at America's heavily armed police.")('2006112', 'AWB announces it will split itself in two in the aftermath of the Cole Commission report, but it might not be enough...')('2006112', "Could a chain of neighborhood stores best known for selling merchandise at (roughly) a dollar be private equity's next target? Investors seemed to think so Tuesday afternoon, as they drove up shares of Dollar General more than 5 percent after a reporter told CNBC's Erin Burnett that buyout firms were in hot pursuit of the [...]")('2006112', 'The past couple of days, there have been a number of stories attempting to solve the riddle of what makes foreign language films "foreign," as far as the big awards are concerned, and what effect that has on eligibility. Gregg Kilday explained in the Hollywood Reporter that a foreign language film cannot win the top [...]')('2006112', 'Dave Poland opens up a big ole can of righteousness in breaking down the differences between the Gotham Awards - he thinks the New York awards tonight are honoring mainstream convention to bring star power to the event - and the Spirit Awards - which he says are regaining some indie cred. Writing in the [...]')('2006112', 'Richard Parsons, the chief executive of Time-Warner, tells Reuters that that far away moment when consumers will be able to legally download and burn movies is, well, coming soon to a hard drive near you.')('2006112', 'Kate Winslet in "The Holiday." (Zade Rosenthal/Columbia Pictures) Kate Winslet, whose role as a trapped suburban mother in "Little Children" was as American - and perhaps as awards-worthy - as you can get, felt a bit challenged by the prospect of playing a proper British woman who is clubbed by romance in "The Holiday." "I [...]')('2006112', 'Carolyn Kepcher, who helped Donald Trump fire corporate wannabes on "The Apprentice" television show, took a new role on Tuesday – helping Microsoft find the best small-business idea in America. Ms. Kepcher is one of the judges of Microsoft\'s "Ultimate Challenge" contest, the winner of which will get $100,000 in seed money, a storefront or [...]')('2006112', "Thanks to vigorous recruiting and pressure from corporate clients, black lawyers are well represented now among new associates at the nation's most prestigious law firms. But they remain far less likely to stay at the firms or to make partner than their white counterparts. The New York Times reported on a recent study that examines [...]")('2006112', 'Citadel Investment Group, the hedge-fund manager founded by Kenneth Griffin, said earnings by its two largest funds increased more than fivefold on gains from debt and energy investments. Net income at the Citadel Kensington Global Strategies Fund rose to $795.6 million in the first eight months of 2006 from $148.4 million a year earlier, the [...]')('2006112', "A federal judge on Tuesday temporarily blocked the merger of some of the San Francisco Chronicle's business operations with those of rival newspapers owned by MediaNews Group. MediaNews acquired the Monterey County Herald, San Jose Mercury News and Contra Costa Times from McClatchy earlier this year. The complex $1 billion deal included $300 million in [...]")('2006112', 'Doug Morris, chief executive officer of Universal Music Group, the world\'s largest music company, said on Tuesday he expects to reach a settlement with MySpace, which the company sued for copyright infringement. "I think it will settle. It would be a horrible case for them to lose," Morris said at the Reuters Media Summit in [...]')('2006112', "In political circles, Time Warner's Richard D. Parsons has become a perennial favorite among the possible candidates mentioned to succeed Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg. During a question-and-answer session at the Reuters Media Summit on Tuesday, a reporter mentioned the many news stories speculating that he was considering a run for City Hall and asked Mr. [...]")('2006112', 'Carlyle Group, a buyout firm that manages more than $44 billion worldwide, plans to hire as many as 15 people to buy companies and identify potential partners in the Middle East, North Africa and Turkey. Go to Article from Bloomberg News »')('2006112', 'The EMI Group admitted Tuesday that it had been approached about a takeover after reports surfaced that private equity bidders were in talks with the music company. "EMI announces that it has, this morning, received a preliminary approach for the company which may or may not lead to an offer," EMI, home to artists like [...]')('2006112', 'In a sign of private equity\'s growing appetite for media concerns, buyout shops are knocking on the doors of Time Warner and IAC/InterActive, making their case for various deals with the two conglomerates. "Probably every private equity firm has approached us about every conceivable" idea, said Time Warner\'s chief executive, Richard Parsons, speaking at the [...]')('2006112', "Deutsche Bank's chief executive, Josef Ackermann and five former Mannesmann officials won approval for a 5.8 million-euro ($7.6 million) settlement of charges they illegally approved bonuses, ending Germany's first criminal inquiry into executive pay. Go to Article from Bloomberg News »")('2006112', 'Liquid Computing, fresh on the heels of announcing its LiquidIQ computing system, has completed a $27.7 million round of funding. Newbury Ventures led the Series B investment and drew participation from previous investors Vengrowth, ATA Ventures, Business Development Bank of Canada, Export Development Canada, the Axis Investment Fund and Adam Chowaniec. Go to Article from [...]')('2006112', 'Elixir Pharmaceuticals has secured $46 million in a third round of venture funding and debt financing that will help support drug development and other expenses. MPM Capital led the round, which included current investors ARCH Venture Partners and Oxford BioScience Partners. Go to Article from Boston Business Journal »')('2006112', 'Radnor Research & Trading said Tuesday that it had joined the New York Stock Exchange, taking control of three of the 1,366 trading seats after a yearlong application process that spanned the Big Board\'s conversion from a member-owned cooperative to a publicly traded corporation. "We\'re part of a trend of highly specialized, niche-type" stock and [...]')('2006112', "Russian state-owned Sberbank's supervisory board postponed a decision on a share issue that would be worth $8.7 billion at current prices, a senior finance ministry official told Reuters. Go to Article from Reuters »")('2006112', "The battle for control of Reckson Associates Realty has pitted some of New York City's most creative real estate companies against each other. The New York Times takes a look at the $4 billion fight between SL Green Realty and Macklowe Properties, a family-run real estate company that has formed a partnership with the investor [...]")('2006112', "RBC Dominion Securities has admitted it failed to notice or report capital deficiencies over four months in 2005, including a one of 420 million Canadian dollars ($329 million) in June last year. The Investment Dealers Association of Canada, which regulates brokerage firms, concluded a settlement with Canada's largest investment dealer at a hearing Tuesday, requiring [...]")('2006112', 'I.B.M. said on Tuesday it plans to acquire Vallent, a software developer for the wireless industry. Vallent, a privately held company based in Bellevue, Wash., develops software that monitors network performance and provides service management. Go to Article from CNet news.com »')('2006112', 'American Superconductor, which makes electronic parts for wind turbines, said Tuesday that it would pay $13 million to $27 million to acquire Windtec, an Austrian company that bundles the components with turbine designs for sale to China and other developing countries. Go to Article from The New York Times »')('2006112', 'A medical device maker, AngioDynamics, said on Tuesday it had agreed to buy Rita Medical Systems for $220 million in cash and stock. Go to Article from Reuters »')('2006112', 'Despite losing its bid to take its Canadian unit private, Sears Holdings said the offer allowed it to raise its stake in Sears Canada to 70.2 percent from its previous position of 54 percent. Sears Holdings said Tuesday it had acquired 17.8 million shares under the offer, which expired Monday night. Go to Article from [...]')('2006112', "Billionaire insurance titan Maurice R. Greenberg has begun buying huge blocks of The New York Times Company stock to break the Sulzberger family's hold on the media empire, The New York Post reported. The Post said that the famously combative Mr. Greenberg, the former head of the American Insurance Group, has been buying hundreds of [...]")('2006112', 'The Giants-Titans game is the gift that keeps on giving. Gregg Easterbrook, who writes the always impressive (and always long) Tuesday Morning Quarterback for ESPN.com, adds these insights (In the last item, he singles out some Giants who had escaped our attention: Will Demps, William Joseph and Fred Robbins): Why were the Giants throwing with [...]')('2006112', 'The chief executives of Rosneft and Gazprom signed a cooperation agreement on Tuesday, mending a rift between the two Russian state energy companies that had been slowing investment in the development of new oil fields. Though both companies are controlled by the government, they are associated with different factions in the Kremlin and have been [...]')('2006112', "Australian building materials maker Rinker Group formally rejected a $12 billion takeover bid by Mexico's Cemex on Wednesday as opportunistic, and said the company was worth nearly 40 percent more. An independent report commissioned by Rinker valued the company at 20.58 to 23.04 Australian dollars ($16.11 to $18.04) a share, 29 percent above the Cemex [...]")('2006112', 'US Airways will formally pitch its $8 billion hostile bid for Delta Air Lines to Delta and its official unsecured creditors committee sometime this week. The meeting will be the first time the two airlines have met to discuss the bid since US Airways announced its offer on Nov. 15 and could be a key [...]')('2006112', 'When The Chicago Cubs signed outfielder Alfonso Soriano to an eight-year, $136 million deal last week, some industry watchers said that Tribune, which owns the Cubs and has informally put itself on the block, would now be only too happy to offload what was becoming an even more expensive proposition. But one analyst thinks that [...]')('2006112', "The proposed merger of the regulatory operations of NASD and those of the New York Stock Exchange, announced Tuesday, was regarded as a big win for the securities industry. But an unusual provision included in the deal has some wondering whether the regulators are trying to buy votes. The New York Times' Floyd Norris points [...]")('2006112', 'Comcast said Tuesday that its two longtime chief financial officers would retire next year and be succeeded by an executive from a private equity firm. The company named Michael J. Angelakis, a managing director of Providence Equity Partners, as chief financial officer. Mr. Angelakis, who worked on some of the biggest media buyouts is recent [...]')('2006112', 'In this lesson, students learn about Gazprom City, a proposed modern architectural complex in St. Petersburg, Russia. They then take positions either for or against the complex, and draft statements to present at a mock public hearing.')('2006112', "When the Cowboys waived Mike Vanderjagt on Monday, Canada lost its long-shot chance to lay claim to the most valuable player award in all four major sports. Justin Morneau's victory over Derek Jeter in voting for the American League's most valuable player, coupled with the achievements of Steve Nash (N.B.A.) and Joe Thornton (N.H.L.), gave [...]")('2006112', "(James Alder is the football guide for About.com) It becomes clearer each week that the balance of power still tilts heavily toward the American Football Conference. And that observation is reflected in this week's rankings, which feature four A.F.C. teams at the top. The Chargers were actually leapfrogged by the Colts for the No. 1 [...]")('2006112', '(Written by Benjamin Hoffman, Andrew Das, John Woods and Naila-Jean Meyers) Lucky Charm Could Ricky Proehl be the piece the Colts have been missing in their quest to reach the Super Bowl? Proehl, who came out of retirement to sign with Indianapolis on Monday, is a Super Bowl magnet. He has appeared in three, playing [...]')('2006112', 'Clever white ceramic serving plate set up like game board is available at Museum of Modern Art gift shop; photo (S)')('2006112', 'New York City Transit says average weekly subway ridership rose to 5.076 million in September; combined subway and bus ridership in September rose to 7.61 million (S)')('2006112', 'Correction of map showing location of police shooting in Queens')('2006112', "Correction of Nov 27 article about police shooting in Queens, and reference to 'contagion shooting,' gunfire that spreads among officers who believe that they, or their colleagues, are facing threat")('2006112', 'Photo tribute to color green as reflected in Central Park in New York City')('2006112', 'Mark Bittman The Minimalist column offers recipes for foods to serve with cocktails; photos (M)')('2006112', 'Correction of Nov 26 article about unschooling; author and advocate of unschooling, Pat Farenga, is a man')('2006112', "Tonya Reiman and Maxine Lucille Fiel, who usually analyze body language of politicians and celebrities, turn their attention to loser and winner of New York Giants' game against Tennessee Titans, game in which Giants blew 21-point lead in fourth quarter to lose 24-21; flailing arms and shrugging shoulders and drooping chins are in display in fourth quarter; Reiman and Fiel notice coach Tom Coughlin crossing his arms, which they see as defensive posture; say quarterback Eli Manning expressed regret by biting his lower lip; observe Giants' players bowing their heads even when they are still way ahead; Reiman observes that even when Giants were winning their body language was not all that good; asserts that body language is extremely important in sports; photos (L)")('2006112', 'Correction; Nov 22 roundup of foods for holiday giving misstated location of one purveyor')('2006112', 'Gazprom chief executive Aleksei Miller and R')('2006112', 'Correction of Nov 24 picture caption with article about Roger Barnett, self-appointed border watcher in Arizona')('2006112', 'Gramercy Tavern in Manhattan is stocking supply of vintage beers and ciders; photo (S)')('2006112', "Photo of Atlanta Thrashers's win against New York Rangers")('2006112', 'Photo of caiman that was captured in New York City')('2006112', 'NFL discussed; photos (M)')('2006112', 'Letter from Branko Terzic, global and United States regulatory policy leader for energy and resources at Deloitte Services, calls for improved electricity market rules and oversight (Nov 21 article in Power Play series)')('2006112', 'Two letters comment on Nov 27 article in Gilded Paychecks series; Howard Gardner, professor at Harvard Graduate School of Education, says those who leave their professions for higher paychecks are undermining professions for which they trained; Laura Hofstadter would prefer to read about people with pure goals instead of those chasing higher incomes')('2006112', 'Barry Sachais letter scores Republicans for failing to pass budget (Nov 24 editorial)')('2006112', 'Chicago Bulls player Ben Wallace breaks team rule by wearing headband during game, and is asked to remove it; photo (M)')('2006112', 'European Parliament report rejects assertions by several European countries, including Britain, Italy and Germany, that they were unaware of CIA program to secretly abduct, transport and detain terror suspects (M)')('2006112', "Letter from Marvin Nathan, Civil Rights chairman of Anti-Defamation League, asserts that using religion as wedge issue can be damaging; cites founders' understanding that religion and government remain separate (David Kuo Nov 16 Op-Ed article)")('2006112', 'Correction of Nov 28 comment about new TBS comedy series My Boys; producer of series is Betsy Thomas, not Betty Thomas')('2006112', 'Several devices for keeping wine fresh once bottle is opened noted; photo (S)')('2006112', 'Correction: Nov 18 report about United Nations conference on climate change held in Kenya referred incorrectly to expiration provision in Kyoto Protocol treaty')('2006112', 'NBC wins ratings for Monday night with shows Deal or No Deal and Heroes (S)')('2006112', 'Ukrainian Parliament votes to recognize 1932-1933 famine as act of genocide by Soviet Union against Ukrainian people (S)')('2006112', 'Benjamin H Bloom letter says teenagers may feel cool and trendy about text messaging, but system of abbreviations and verbal shorthand has been around for many years (Nov 26 article)')('2006112', 'Pairings column suggests food to serve with smoky-tasting straight rye whiskey; recipe (M)')('2006112', "Civil liberties panel appointed by White House receives classified briefing on Bush administration's program to monitor international banking transactions, and several members say are impressed with privacy controls in place to prevent abuses against Americans; program, which gives American intelligence officials access to large volumes of banking data through Brussels consortium known as Swift, has been attacked by regulators in Europe, who view it as illegal (M)")('2006112', 'Correction; Nov 22 article about Jim Leff misstated information about quest for specific food')('2006112', 'Correction of Nov 28 article about takeover battle for Reckson Associates Realty Corp')('2006112', 'ABC paid publisher Harper/Collins $1 million fee after ending negotiations to secure interview with O J Simpson in connection with book about 1994 murders of his former wife Nicole and Ronald L Goldman; Fox network won rights but canceled planned interview after vociferous protests; photo (S)')('2006112', "Pres Bush dismisses suggestions that Iraq has fallen into civil war, blames Al Qaeda for wave of violence and vows not to withdraw troops until 'mission is complete'; comments at news conference with Pres Toomas Hendrik during first visit to Estonia by sitting US president; he is en route to NATO summit in Riga; photo later with Latvian Pres Vaira Vike-Freiberga; Bush says he will tell Iraqi Prime Min Nuri al-Maliki at their coming meeting in Jordan that he has to lay out strategy for stopping killings; King Abdullah says 'something dramatic' must be done; UN Sec Gen Kofi Annan warns of regional civil war (M)")('2006112', "Correction of Nov 24 about United States ski team members' delay in agreeing to revised alcohol and housing policies")('2006112', 'Letter from Trinity (Washington) University president Patricia McGuire praises college presidents who express their opinions in blogs; calls it sign of leadership (Nov 22 article)')('2006112', 'Roundup of mixed drinks that incorporate unusual ingredients; recipes; photos (M)')('2006112', 'Correction of Nov 22 obituary of Paul Rigby')('2006112', 'Fifteen-inch caiman is captured in New York City; authorities suspect it had been kept as pet; photo (M)')('2006112', 'Correction of Nov 26 article about police shooting in Queens in which bridegroom driving away from strip club was killed and two of his friends wounded')('2006112', 'Group of leading advocates for AIDS patients says governments and international agencies are failing to meet their goals of providing treatment for AIDS and HIV in developing world; United Nations and Group of 8 industrialized nations have set universal access to AIDS medicines as goal for 2010, planning to have 9.8 million people in treatment at that time (M)')('2006112', 'Correction of Nov 25 article about board-sports gear business; chief executive of Quiksilver is Bob McKnight')('2006112', 'Sixteen Food Emporiums in New York and two stores in Connecticut will undergo extensive redesign; photo (M)')('2006112', 'Seven letters repond to Nov 26 article about newest wrinkle in home schooling called unschooling, which rejects most conventions of modern education system; Mary Kalamaras says children should not have to make decisions about something so vital to their future welfare; Sue Smith-Heavenrich relates experience of home-schooling her young son until he decided to continue in conventional school system; Margaret Marrin Spencer does not understand why parents home school; Jerry Mintz, director of Alternative Education Resource Organization, says unschooling derives from belief that people are natural learners; Ann McChesney-Young recalls unschooling her children and believes their successes relate to that experience; Margaret Moran and Charles Silva see no reason for regulating home schooling; Heather Henderson says she unschools her children because she wants them to have best education available; drawing')('2006112', 'Correction: Nov 1 article about Mount Kumgang tourist resort in North Korea, run by Hyundai Asan company of South Korea, misstated monthly sum that company pays to North Korean government; it is $900,000, not $9 million')('2006112', 'Energy Solutions, which disposes of nuclear waste, lends name to new stadium housing Utah Jazz; photo (M)')('2006112', 'Elizabeth May, new leader of Green Party of Canada, wins 26 percent of vote in one of two elections to fill vacancies in Parliament, coming in second; Liberal Party candidate Glen Pearson wins 36 percent of vote; Bloc Quebecois retains Montreal-area seat with victory of Raymond Gravel (S)')('2006112', 'Correction of Nov 25 article and headline about collection of curiosities in Staten Island Museum')('2006113', 'A look at why the highest-achieving mothers are often unhappy.')('2006113', 'West Virginia is one of several states experimenting with "personal responsibility" as a chief principle of their Medicaid programs. The state plans to reward "responsible" patients with significant extra benefits or - as critics describe it - punish poor people by denying important services. Do you think this new incentive program is fair? Related Article>')('2006113', 'What is your favorite restaurant in Venice? Back to Article')('2006113', "Republicans assessed their midterm losses, coming to a few shared conclusions at the party's governors association meeting.")('2006113', 'The Iraq Interior Ministry threatens legal action against media outlets that print stories it thinks are wrong...')('2006113', 'A broken talisman brings a young serviceman in Afghanistan unwelcome thoughts.')('2006113', 'A consultant working with Senator Sam Brownback strongly signaled that we should expect an announcement from the Kansas Republican about 2008 early next week.')('2006113', 'Blogtalk....')('2006113', 'First Stuyvesant and Peter Cooper. Now Starrett City in Brooklyn is the latest huge government-financed housing complex on the auction block. There are signs, though, that this is a different kind of deal that would have less of an effect on affordable housing. The complex - renamed Spring Creek Towers in 2003 - has a [...]')('2006113', 'The White House put on its traditional tour of the holiday decorations, in a very muted way.')('2006113', 'Brian Wilson, from the front row.')('2006113', "Paul B. Brown (Photo: Fred R. Conrad/The New York Times) Paul B. Brown, better known as Alison Davis's husband, writes the What's Offline column every Saturday in the Business section of The New York Times and the Off-the-Shelf column every week in the Sunday Business section. To help pay for the constant renovations of their [...]")('2006113', 'Alison Davis (Fred R. Conrad/The New York Times) Alison Davis is a communication consultant and writer whose avocation has long been home improvement. She divides her time between an 1870 vintage Victorian farmhouse in Glen Rock, N.J., and a saltbox colonial in Duxbury, Mass.; both are in a perpetual state of renovation. For relaxation, she [...]')('2006113', "It seems counterintuitive, but the airline industry's troubles may end up helping aircraft maker Boeing. TheStreet.com's Ted Reed notes that Boeing is the chair of the official committee of unsecured creditors of Delta Air Lines, a position he suggests will make Boeing an important power broker as Delta tries to fend off a hostile offer [...]")('2006113', "It wasn't a pity party, exactly, but this afternoon's gathering of New York Republican leaders was full of forced cheer and easy gloom. The Democrats, led by Eliot Spitzer and Hillary Rodham Clinton, made history on Election Day by sweeping all statewide offices and picked up three congressional seats and one state Senate seat. Today, [...]")('2006113', 'Readers respond to Bob Herbert\'s Nov. 27 column, "Badges, Guns and Another Unarmed Victim." Matt, Peabody, Mass.: I found your column on the recent police shooting interesting. I\'d like to know, though, if you have any concrete suggestions for reform in this area. Given that there are, I believe, more than thirty thousand armed police [...]')('2006113', 'Readers respond to David Brooks\'s Nov. 30 column, "Waiting to Be Wooed." Don Kadlec, Fargo, N.D.: Care to know why I, an independent who frequently voted across party lines, vowed never to vote for a Republican again after the 2000 election? First, swiftboating. McCain, Kerry, and even Max Cleland, who left an arm and both [...]')('2006113', 'An internet company gets grief for peddling Polonium-210; meanwhile, the penchant for poisoning in Russia appears to spread...')('2006113', "Depending on whom you ask, a panel's sweeping proposal to revamp securities rules goes too far, or not far enough. The panel, formed with the endorsement of Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson, issued a report Thursday that recommended making it harder for companies to be indicted or sued and seeking to limit rules that impose high [...]")('2006113', 'A report blasting what it views as excessive regulation by the S.E.C. and by state attorneys general was funded by Maurice R. Greenberg, who lost his job as chairman of AIG after those regulators discovered what he had been doing.')('2006113', 'Despite the failure of Renault to forge an alliance with General Motors, Carlos Ghosn is still thinking about hooking up with a North American automaker - when the time is right. In an interview with Fortune magazine, the Renault chief said the time might be right "one year down the road, two years or five [...]')('2006113', 'The garden at Per Se.')('2006113', 'This is pretty big: Governor-elect Eliot Spitzer just announced that he will "unilaterally disarm" on campaign fundraising tactics to set a tone for political reform going forward in New York. Mr. Spitzer said he and the incoming lieutenant governor, David Paterson, will voluntarily restrict campaign donations that they receive. Specifically, they will limit contributions from [...]')('2006113', 'A Credit Suisse investment banker stands accused of espionage, but don\'t go thinking this is the stuff of "Casino Royale." Financial News reports that the banker, Vadim Benyatov, who had been advising on the public float of Romtelecom, the government-owned Romanian telecommunications operation, was arrested along with Stamen Stancev, a Bulgarian consultant working for Credit [...]')('2006113', 'After examining Police Commissioner Ray Kelly\'s responses and actions in the aftermath of the Sean Bell shooting, it seemed clear that this former Marine -- still called "colonel" by former Mayor David Dinkins -- has some sharp political skills that New Yorkers might cotton to. And others, including critics of Rev. Al Sharpton, might not. [...]')('2006113', 'A beleaguered Bagger sat on a bench last night outside Chelsea Piers, staring at the Hudson and trying to shake off the feeling that he had become a mere instrument - a tool, if you will –of the heaving apparatus that is the movie awards season. He talked himself hoarse doing obligatory moments on the [...]')('2006113', 'The "Half Nelson" sweep at the Gothams had a nice aptness: A New York crew who made a New York movie honored and feted at a New York awards show. One of the Gotham Awards\' charms is that the stakes are diminutive. Will "Half Nelson" now storm the rest of the awards season? Probably not, [...]')('2006113', 'Abigail Breslin, one of the stars of "Little Miss Sunshine," at the Gotham Awards. (Bryan Bedder/Getty Images) While the Bagger made like some z-list cable reporter, shooting video interviews on the carpet, the Baguette did some real reporting. At the cocktail reception at the awards, the Baguette asked Greg Kinnear how he felt about his [...]')('2006113', 'Gov. Tom Vilsack of Iowa makes his 2008 presidential bid official.')('2006113', 'The C.E.O. of Google and the Republican Governors Association share a moment over the old, and the new, media.')('2006113', 'A little-known shell company, an aborted press conference and a lot of people scratching their heads: Those are the elements of a puzzling situation involving what may or may not be an attempt to buy Euro Disney, the debt-ridden theme park operator. On Wednesday, people claiming to be representatives of a tiny Switzerland-based company called [...]')('2006113', "Congressman Robin Hayes, the Republican in North Carolina's 8th Congressional District, ekes out a 327-vote win.")('2006113', 'The Associated Press, the military and bloggers face off over reports of chaos in Baghdad and a questionable source...')('2006113', 'Even with all the technology in the world, we still have no truly permanent storage format for our data, audio and video.')('2006113', 'The Iraq Study Group will recommend a gradual pullout of 15 American combat brigades from Iraq without a specific timetable for withdrawal.')('2006113', "Remember that campaign promise from the Democrats to implement all of the Sept. 11 commission's recommendations?")('2006113', 'The billionaire corporate turnaround specialist Wilbur L. Ross predicted Wednesday that bankruptcy filings in the United States and Europe would jump sharply next year because of soaring company debt levels. Mr. Ross, best known over the last two decades for bringing distressed businesses back to health, told a London conference that he expected about 7 [...]')('2006113', 'Naming Jane Harman as the chair of the House Intelligence Committee should be a "no-brainer" for Nancy Pelosi, according to The Los Angeles Times editorial page. The editorial argues: Pelosi\'s problem with Harman is reminiscent of her ill-fated endorsement of Rep. John P. Murtha (D-Pa.) to be House majority leader. In both cases, her attitude [...]')('2006113', 'D.C. gossip blog Wonkette on Bill Frist\'s announcement that he won\'t be running for president: "2008 loses one sure loser." Washington Monthly editor Paul Glastris, writing at his magazine\'s Political Animal blog, lists the eerie similarities between President Bush and Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki: "A wartime leader who speaks obvious untruths, surrounds himself with [...]')('2006113', 'An independent committee formed with the endorsement of Treasury Secretary Henry M. Paulson Jr. called for a sweeping overhaul of securities regulations, citing concerns that American markets are losing their competitiveness. In a report released Thursday, the committee recommends making it harder for companies to be indicted by the government or sued by private lawyers, [...]')('2006113', 'The financial software maker Intuit will acquire Digital Insight, a provider of online banking services for mid-sized banks and credit unions, for $1.35 billion in cash, Intuit said Thursday. Intuit, best known as the maker of the popular Quicken and TurboTax programs, will pay $39 a share for Digital Insight, creating a company with 25 [...]')('2006113', "Interrupting Giants flagellation week .... We've been meaning to write about the Jets, so let's get right to it: Is Eric Mangini nuts? (In the endearing sense of the word.) I'm listening to the Jets-Houston game on the radio while driving to work Sunday. The Jets are leading, 23-3, at the beginning of the fourth [...]")('2006113', 'Comment Zone: Readers on the Sean Bell Shooting')('2006113', 'Richard A. Grasso, the former chairman of the New York Stock Exchange, has asked an appeals court to remove the judge presiding over a lawsuit seeking the return of some of his $190 million pay package from the Big Board. Lawyers for Mr. Grasso, who contend that the judge is biased against their client, and [...]')('2006113', 'One of the many things that the Bagger failed to understand before he attended the Gotham Awards on Pier 60 on Manhattan\'s West Side is that this not like his eighth grade graduation ceremony, where everybody wins something. (The Bagger won "Most likely to be the first convicted felon," btw.) At the Gothams, there are [...]')('2006113', 'Richard M. Scrushy, founder of HealthSouth, agreed to pay the company $31 million as part of a settlement of litigation over his bonuses and legal fees. Mr. Scrushy dropped a lawsuit seeking $21 million for legal fees after HealthSouth agreed to credit that amount against the $52 million he owed for inflated bonuses, said Teresa [...]')('2006113', "Maybe it was the giant set of video screens. Or perhaps it was the troupe of Tai Chi practitioners, moving through their forms amid the soft orange glow of the Mandarin Oriental ballroom in Manhattan's Time Warner Center as onlookers sampled high-end liquor. Whatever the reason, Monday's party to celebrate the launch of Doubledown Media's [...]")('2006113', "The unprecedented length of disgraced financier Martin Armstrong's confinement for civil contempt did not violate the law, a United States Circuit Court of Appeals ruled Monday. The circuit court upheld the decision of Judge Richard Owen of the Southern District of New York to keep Mr. Armstrong, who has been held on the contempt charge [...]")('2006113', 'The founder of a Japanese investment fund, Yoshiaki Murakami, pleaded not guilty Thursday to insider trading. The plea at Tokyo District Court by Mr. Murakami, who was arrested in June, came at the opening of a trial that is fascinating a nation still unused to aggressive funds. Go to Article from The Associated Press via [...]')('2006113', 'KBR, formerly known as Kellogg Brown & Root and one of the largest military contractors, will pay $8 million to settle six-year-old claims that it overcharged the Army for construction and other support services in the Balkans, the Justice Department said Wednesday. Go to Article from The Associated Press via The New York Times »')('2006113', "A recent flurry of multibillion-dollar takeover bids by international buyers for iconic Australian companies has touched a nationalistic nerve and provoked calls for a more protectionist stance from the government. Private equity deals for the venerable Myer department store business, two of the country's largest media groups, and a recent bid for Qantas Airways had [...]")('2006113', 'Angelo, Gordon and Eureka Capital Partners have agreed to buy publicly traded National Home Health Care for as much as $65 million. National Home, based in Scarsdale, N.Y., provides healthcare and staffing services in the Northeast. Angelo, Gordon is a New York investment firm. Eureka Capital is an independent financial adviser with offices in New [...]')('2006113', 'Battery Ventures has made its first consumer technology investment in India, joining Sequoia Capital India in a $15 million Series B round for the Indian travel site Travelguru. The move comes as many venture firms have begun to invest more heavily in the Indian subcontinent. Major players – including IDG Ventures, New Enterprise Associates and [...]')('2006113', 'Sequans Communications, a developer of chips used in nascent WiMax wireless networks, has tapped Motorola as the first of possibly three new strategic investors contributing to the company\'s ongoing Series C round. Sequans\'s chief executive, Georges Karam, told VentureWire that the new, undisclosed tranche from Motorola Ventures was "quite significant" and was closed at the [...]')('2006113', 'A drug discovery startup, Kalypsys raised $43 million in its first round of venture funding in 2002, one of the largest Series A fundings for a biotechnology company up until then. Now, its $100 million third round is the largest in its sector this year, according to The Deal.com. Tavistock Life Sciences of San Diego, [...]')('2006113', 'The Huffington Post, which started about 18 months ago as a political Web site for celebrity bloggers, is preparing to venture into original reporting, with plans to cover Congress and, already, the 2008 presidential campaign. Funded in large part by a $5 million invesment by Softbank Capital earlier this year, the site has hired Melinda [...]')('2006113', "Fraikin Groupe, Europe's biggest truck leasing business, said Wednesday that it planned to sell as much as 520.7 million euros ($686 million) of stock in an initial public offering that will provide a partial exit to its private equity backers, led by France's Eurazeo. Go to Article from The Daily Deal »")('2006113', 'China Coal Energy, which kicked off the institutional portion of its initial public offering Wednesday, is looking to raise up to $1.7 billion, according to FinanceAsia. The amount is slightly larger than the $1.2 billion to $1.5 billion the company said it hoped to raise and follows overwhelming demand for a series of other Hong [...]')('2006113', 'The New York Stock Exchange, which is battling the rival Nasdaq Stock Market for listings, plans to eliminate fees of as much as $250,000 for companies that transfer to the Big Board. Go to Article from Bloomberg News via The New York Times »')('2006113', "Merrill Lynch said Amit Chandra quit as its top executive in India, the fastest-growing Asian market for share sales. Though promoted in April, Mr. Chandra plans to pursue opportunities in private equity, DSP Merrill Lynch, the New York-based firm's Indian unit, said in a statement Thursday. India's private equity market will more than triple to [...]")('2006113', 'When Lucent and Alcatel announced their $13.4 billion merger in April, a comment about mayonnaise spurred industry observers into speculating how great the cultural divide between the French and American companies actually was. A recent declaration by Alcatel Lucent has raised a little polémique of its own and suggests that chasm is fairly wide. When [...]')('2006113', 'It looks like that $18 billion loan is going to come in handy for Ford Motor. Ford, which on Monday said it would mortgage most of its United States assets to secure an $18 billion loan from J.P. Morgan Chase, Citigroup and Goldman Sachs, said Wednesday that it expected to burn through nearly half of [...]')('2006113', 'The Carlyle Group wants to tap J.P. Morgan Chase and Citigroup for $4 billion to provide funds for its leveraged buyout of Advanced Semiconductor Engineering, Bloomberg News reported. Carlyle, which agreed to buy Advanced Semiconductor Nov. 24, has approached J.P. Morgan and Citigroup, among others, to shore up financing for its $5.4 billion acquisition, the [...]')('2006113', "Saskatchewan Wheat Pool's 4.3 billion Canadian dollars ($3.8 billion) takeover bid for a rival grain marketer, Agricore United is inadequate, the boss of the target company said Wednesday. Go to Article from The Globe and Mail » Go to Previous Item on DealBook »")('2006113', "Canadian Oil Sands Trust, lead partner in the world's largest oil-sands producer, agreed to raise its stake in Syncrude Canada to increase output and reserves. The trust will buy a 1.25 percent interest in Syncrude from Talisman Energy for 475 million Canadian dollars ($417.4 million). Go to Article from Bloomberg News »")('2006113', "Rentokil Initial, the world's biggest pest-control company, agreed to buy Target Express Holdings for 210 million pounds ($410 million) to become No. 2 in Britain's 2.8 billion-pound parcel-delivery market. The chief executive, Doug Flynn, said he might also sell Rentokil's burglar-alarms unit as he seeks to halt a four-year decline in profitability Go to Article [...]")('2006113', "Richard Li, the son of Hong Kong's richest man, failed in an attempt to sell his stake in PCCW for 9.2 billion Hong Kong dollars ($1.2 billion) after shareholders rejected the bid as too low. Stockholders of Pacific Century Regional Developments, Mr. Li's Singapore-listed holding company, voted against the offer for its 22.7 percent PCCW [...]")('2006113', "Shanghai Automotive will pay 19.1 billion yuan ($2.4 billion) in stock to buy ventures with General Motors and Volkswagen from its state-owned parent, creating China's biggest publicly traded carmaker. Shanghai Auto will hand over 3.28 billion shares to its parent, SAIC Motor, in exchange for the assets that will give it a bigger share of [...]")('2006113', "West Fraser Timber of Canada said it had agreed to buy 13 sawmills from International Paper for $325 million, creating North America's second-largest lumber producer. The deal with International Paper, North America's biggest paper maker, will increase West Fraser's lumber production capacity by 40 percent. Go to Article from Bloomberg News »")('2006113', 'SL Green Realty, the biggest owner of Manhattan skyscrapers, said it would not raise its offer for Reckson Associates Realty to match a competing bid by a group led by the financier Carl C. Icahn. SL Green agreed on Aug. 3 to buy Reckson, based in Uniondale, N.Y., for $43.31 a share in cash and [...]')('2006113', 'Maurice "Hank" Greenberg, the former chief executive of the American International Group, approached Morgan Stanley\'s chief executive, John J. Mack, about buying The New York Times, according to Reuters. According to the report, Mr. Mack quickly begged off, noting the dual-class structure, making any takeover exceedingly difficult, Moreover, Mr. Mack told Greenberg the bank\'s money [...]')('2006113', "Nestle, the world's largest food maker, may buy the baby-food company Gerber Products along with a medical nutrition business from Swiss drugmaker Novartis for as much as $3 billion, according to The Wall Street Journal. Novartis is already in negotiations to sell the medical-nutrition business to Nestle and Nestle executives are interested in trying to [...]")('2006113', "If you spend too much time on this stuff, it's not because you're a loser. It's for the kids. To help you in your fantasy playoff push, we've added the ratings from CBS Sportsline, Yahoo's Christopher Harris and fftoolbox.com to arrive at a composite ranking (the lower the point total the better). Note: The points-per-reception [...]")('2006113', 'In this lesson, students share opinions about obstacles to success. They then investigate equal rights legislation and develop mentoring plans that consider how some laws might benefit those who face unjust challenges finding success.')('2006113', "Norma Millan receives help with buying clothes for son from Children's Aid Society, beneficiary agency of New York Times Neediest Cases Fund; photo (M)")('2006113', 'Correction of Oct 27 obituary about actor Arthur Hill regarding his family')('2006113', "NFL Network will stream Thursday and Saturday night games online on Verizon's FiOS broadband network (S)")('2006113', "Correction of Nov 25 article on Prof Emrys Westacott's paper on rudeness; journal that published it is International Journal of Applied Philosophy")('2006113', 'Matchup between Baltimore Ravens and Cincinnati Bengals discussed (S)')('2006113', 'Swedish company Bemz sells covers to revitalize Ikea upholstered furniture that is old and worn, even for pieces that are no longer in production; photo (Currents column) (S)')('2006113', 'Dave Anderson Sports of The Times column discusses Dallas Cowboys coach Bill Parcells, who has led team to 7-4 record (M)')('2006113', "Philadelphia Museum of Art has 26 more days to raise $68 million if it wants to prevent Thomas Eakins painting from going to National Gallery of Art in Washington and Crystal Bridges Museum of American Art in Bentonville, Ark; Anne d'Harnoncourt, director of Philadelphia Museum, announces that $23 million has been raised locally (S)")('2006113', "Witness Jessie Jacobus dodges defense questions at Ronell Wilson's trial for 2003 killing of New York City detectives James V Nemorin and Rodney J Andrews; Jacobus has pleaded guilty to murder and being present at killings but denies being gunman (M)")('2006113', 'Correction of Nov 27 Metro Briefing report on fatal shooting of Bronx man; his name was Gerardo Parraga')('2006113', 'Murray Chass On Baseball column discusses Boston Red Sox, which are reportedly looking to trade outfielder Manny Ramirez, again; photo (M)')('2006113', 'Correction: Nov 29 Square Feet pages on renovation of lobbies in Manhattan commercial buildings gave incorrect address for one building cited')('2006113', 'Photo of sprinter Justin Gatlin, who is working out with Houston Texans')('2006113', 'Dennis Miller Associates will introduce line of furniture based on designs of late architect Morris Lapidus; photos (Currents column) (S)')('2006113', 'Suicide bomber crashes into military convoy near Kandahar, killing himself and wounding two civilians; incident follows roadside bomb that killed two American soldiers (S)')('2006113', "Two letters respond to Nov 25 article about cities' attempts to attract young people; Avi Rome adds Boston to list of cities losing young people; Adam A Sofen blames high cost of housing for failure to retain young, talented residents")('2006113', 'Gym teacher Amy Burke pleads guilty to having sex with 13-year-old male student at Perth Amboy, NJ, school (S)')('2006113', 'New divider system allows people with large rooms to break up space using cotton sails stretched between moveable steel posts; photo (Currents column) (S)')('2006113', "Five letters comment on Nov 29 article about Pres Bush's comments on Iraq violence; Brant Thomas says Bush is blaming others for disaster brought on by his policies; Joel Brence suspects Bush's reluctance to commence direct talks with Iraq's neighbors is tied to administration's real motivation for invasion; Victor Kevorkian says Pres Bush will never take responsibility for crumbling situation in Iraq; Mark Dowie says Iraq is clearly in midst of civil war and blasts Bush for failing to acknowledge it; Warner B Huck, prompted by Nov 28 Dominic Johnson and Dominic Tierney Op-Ed article, says only way to win is by using overwhelming force and having exit strategy")('2006113', 'Correction of Nov 27 article on refurbishment of Bode Museum in Berlin regarding history of one work of art cited')('2006113', "Six letters comment on Nov 27 Richard A Shweder Op-Ed article; Sandra Osborne contends Shweder's premise--that religion had little with do with conflicts of 20th century--is flawed; Christine Flowers says atheists are as intolerant as those on opposite side; Jeffrey Zack says he is alarmed that Constitution is being weakened by distorted view of Enlightenment principles; Edd Doerr, former president of American Humanist Assn, contends there is vast middle ground with wide spectrum of values and beliefs; says survival of middle is vital to temper extremes at either end; Patricia Berger says it is impossible to prove writings of God; Barbara F Byrne appreciates Shweder's insights; drawing")('2006113', "Correction of Nov 29 Arts, Briefly report on cast changes in The Producers regarding Roger Bart's previous roles8")('2006113', 'Photo of American and Afghan soldiers searching caves in mountains of Paktia Province for hidden materials used to make raodside bombs')('2006113', 'New album by Jay-Z is No 1 on Billboard charts with 680,000 copies sold (S)')('2006113', "Gerald Gura letter complains that today's education leaves students ignorant of subjects that are traditional part of liberal education (Nov 26 David Brooks Op-Ed column)")('2006113', 'Excerpts from letter to American public by Pres Mahmoud Ahmadinejad of Iran')('2006113', "Malawian judge Andrew Nyirenda rules that Madonna's fitness to adopt boy from African nation will be decided in part by group of human rights and child advocacy organizations (S)")('2006113', 'Photo of lighting of Rockefeller Center Christmas tree')('2006113', 'Correction of Nov 20 article on Rhodes Scholarships; Kevin and Eugene Shenderov are first brothers--not first siblings--to be named Rhodes Scholars in recent years')('2006113', 'Denise Messner is sentenced to four years in prison for driving into New York City police officer while under influence of alcohol (S)')('2006113', 'Millennium Challenge Corp, US foreign aid agency, says it will provide $461 million to El Salvador for public projects, including $234 million rehabilitation of Northern Transnational Highway (S)')('2006113', 'Quina Fonseca Design Collection showroom in Manhattan features items from vanishing world of gaucho, South American cowboy, and life on estancia, or ranch; photos (Currents column) (S)')('2006113', 'world business briefing: canada: ba')('2006113', 'Photo of boy in Coche, Venezuela, where support for re-election of Hugo Chavez is strong')('2006113', 'Correction of Market Values column Nov 25 about rally in airline shares regarding one airline stock cited')('2006113', 'Public Theater announces lineup for its third annual Under the Radar Festival; includes A Beautiful View by Daniel MacIvor, Invincible Summer by Mike Daisey, Famous Puppet Death Scenes, Rude Mechanicals production Get Your War On and Nature Theater of Oklahoma production No Dice; photo (S)')('2006113', 'New York Yankees consider pursuing free agents (M)')('2006113', 'CBS wins ratings for Tuesday night with show NCIS (S)')('2006113', 'Correction of Nov 22 appraisal about filmmaker Robert Altman; he died Nov 20')('2006113', 'New fabric collection from Stephanie Moffitt, design director of Mokum, Australian textile company, features palette and images inspired by winter landscapes; availablility in Manhattan noted; photos (Currents column) (S)')('2006113', 'Bolivian Senate approves sweeping land reform legislation, which is then signed into law by Pres Evo Morales to cheers of thousands of indigenous demonstrators; photo (S)')('2006113', 'Correction of Nov 27 article, headline and picture caption; young girl killed in fire in Irvington, NJ, was 9')('2006113', 'Letter from Michael Whiteman, chairman of Committee for an Independent Public Defense Commission, agrees that justice court system in New York needs reform (Nov 22 article)')('2006113', 'Roundup of unusual gifts for home under $25; photos (M)')('2006113', 'Roundup of unusual holiday gifts for home; photos (M)')('2006113', "Correction of Nov 29 article on social and economic disadvantages faced by India's Muslimminority regarding another country's efforts to integrate its Muslim minority")