('2006060', "State G.O.P. Convention Rebuffs Weld and Backs Faso for Governor By Patrick Healy (with audio) News Analysis: Republicans Fear Waning Political Fortunes By Michael Cooper Campaign Finance Board Faces Questions of Conflict By Sewell Chan U.S. Faults New York's Antiterror Plan By Al Baker and Diane Cardwell Mea Culpa for Remark on President and a [...]")('2006060', 'I\'m not used to being a cheerleader for the Bush administration. But when I saw recently that the president had convened a National Math Panel to study, in part, the effectiveness of teaching kids so-called "constructivist" math, I stood up, put my hand over my heart and shouted, "Amen." About six months ago, The New [...]')('2006060', 'Feel the need to get a handle on the basic rules of soccer before the games begin? Wondering just how so many quite different games all came to be called "football"? Help is at hand, in the form of a recently published edition of modern soccer\'s very first rule book, The Rules of Association Football, [...]')('2006060', "As a student in Baghdad, I am mostly focused on my studies. It wasn't always this way. Before I started my blog in February 2005, my studies were the only thing I thought about; my whole life was forming around them. That changed when I started blogging, making online friends, and meeting people outside my [...]")('2006060', 'Alan G. Hevesi (Mike Groll for The New York Times) As word spread about controversial remarks by the state Comptroller, Alan G. Hevesi, his Republican opponent, J. Christopher Callaghan, stood happily under the media spotlight talking about flub. Mr. Hevesi created a stir by talking of Senator Charles E. Schumer "putting a bullet between the [...]')('2006060', 'New York State\'s Comptroller, Alan G. Hevesi, apologized this afternoon for making an off-hand comment that Senator Charles E. Schumer "will put a bullet between the President\'s eyes, if he could get away with it." He called the comments "incredibly stupid and moronic\'\' and insisted that he is "not a person of violence.\'\' "Nobody feels [...]')('2006060', "An article on BusinessWeek's Web site Thursday starts the following way: Amid all the carnage that has surrounded Enron's collapse, one player in the drama has remained remarkably unscathed: Vinson & Elkins, the giant Houston law firm that played a central role advising the company throughout its spectacular rise and fall. Well, it turns out [...]")('2006060', 'Anyone who has traveled to Europe in the summertime knows that a large chunk of the Continent seems to be on vacation on any given day. This is part of the problem facing the clutch of United States-based private equity firms who are hoping to stage an initial public offering overseas, according to a story [...]')('2006060', '"Look at that!" said my companion, pointing to a glass of a French rosé that a server at Bouchon Bakery had just given me. "I know -- I love the color," I answered. "Not the color," she said. "The pour!"')('2006060', 'It\'s come to our attention that some readers, new to all the mania that is global soccer culture, would like a little more annotation geared toward beginners, to supplement what one of them calls our "graduate-level material" aimed at those working toward their Ph.D\'s. In that spirit, freshmen take note: some readers seem not to [...]')('2006060', 'Brazilians\' hopes for the World Cup are high, as Larry Rohter reports from Rio in today\'s Times. "All the stars are aligned in our favor," one fan told Rohter. "We\'ve got the talent, the experience, a favorable draw and a steady-handed coach" - Carlos Alberto Parreira - "who has already guided us to one Cup." [...]')('2006060', 'Iraq has withdrawn from a World Cup warm-up match with Tunisia, Reuters reported today. The Carthage Eagles were due to play Iraq on June 7 at Tunisia\'s World Cup base in Schweinfurt in Germany, according to the Reuters report. The Iraqis were replacing Kuwait, who had pulled out. "The Iraqi team will not be able [...]')('2006060', "We welcome advance tips on pending deals, personnel moves or corporate memos, all of which can be sent through our feedback form on DealBook's main page. While we accept unsigned submissions, please include contact information like an e-mail address or phone number if you want us to follow up with you. You can also use [...]")('2006060', 'C. Virginia Fields, who lost her bid for the Democratic mayoral nomination last year, has ended her effort to capture the State Senate seat being vacated by David Paterson, she said in a statement. She suggested that it was the wrong time for the race. "My decision is very personal," she said. "This has been [...]')('2006060', 'The Americans may be in a "group of death," and they may not have looked terribly impressive lately, but it\'s also true that their opponents in that group seem to be in major disarray. We\'ve already looked at the Ghanians\' dissatisfaction with their Serbian coach, which seems to have affected the players to a certain [...]')('2006060', "In today's El Diario there was an interesting passage about the Iran-Bosnia game played yesterday at Azadi Stadium in Tehran that didn't appear in New York's English-language papers - or in a quick scan of other English-language papers in the United States, as far as we can tell. The game account in El Diario, from [...]")('2006060', 'Employees about to lose their jobs at H.J. Heinz may be tempted to pin the blame on billionaire investor Nelson Peltz. Heinz said Thursday it will shut down 15 plants and eliminate 2,700 jobs, or 8 percent of its work force, with the savings going toward marketing and product development - the kind of cost-cutting [...]')('2006060', "One drawback of buying music online is that you don't get the little booklet that would have accompanied the physical CD. Or do you?")('2006060', 'In this lesson, students will evaluate their own knowledge about H.I.V. and AIDS by researching various countries and creating specific media campaigns to promote H.I.V./AIDS awareness.')('2006060', "Delegates chose John Faso as their designated candidate for governor. (James Estrin/The New York Times) John Faso just defied the expectations of many Republicans and passed the threshold of 50 percent of the vote by delegates at the party convention. That means that he will be the party's designee on the Sept. 12 primary ballot. [...]")('2006060', 'Video of Msgr. Jim Lisante (The Daily Politics) Who said men of the cloth were non-partisan? Check out this bit of interesting video from the G.O.P. convention invocation, shot by Ben Smith of The Daily Politics. It shows Msgr. Jim Lisante, a Long Island pastor, urging Weld and Faso supporters not to "hate the other [...]')('2006060', "As the Republican state convention delegates vote on either William Weld or John Faso, there's lots of talk about loyalties here. Who keeps their promises? Which county chairmen control their delegates? So Erie County just threw a wrench in the expectations of the day. Nine of their 15 votes went to Weld, just three days [...]")('2006060', "Gilbert White's Selborne Journal: Tuesday, 1 June 1784: 29 7/10 1/2; 59 1/2; NE, E, E. Deep fog, rain, rain, grey red even: Fraxinellas blow. The single white-thorn over the ash-house is one vast globe of blossoms down to the ground! *** 11:40 70 degrees. Clammy and cloudy. One of the strange pleasures of writing [...]")('2006060', "On Wednesday, Bill Weld conferred with Joseph Mondello, the Nassau County chairman, who holds the wild cards today. (James Estrin/The New York Times) The nominating process has begun, with everyone basically acknowledging (just in case it wasn't clear) that they really don't know what will happen. The numbers seem to toggle back and forth, with [...]")('2006060', 'A firm agreement for NYSE Group to merge with Euronext could happen "within days," said John Thain, chief executive of the NYSE Group, which operates the New York Stock Exchange. Mr. Thain made his remarks to reporters Thursday at the NYSE\'s shareholders meeting, its first since it converted from a partnership to a public company. [...]')('2006060', 'Oracle announced yet another acquisition on Thursday. This time the target is Demantra, an Israeli startup that makes product-management software. Financial terms were not disclosed, but an Israel-based newsletter, Globes, put the price at $41 million in cash. Oracle has recently agreed to buy SleepyCat, Net4Call and Portal Software, among other companies. Demantra is a [...]')('2006060', 'Readers respond to Bob Herbert\'s June 1 column, "Hidden in Brothels, Slavery by Another Name " Robert Watson, Kew Gardens, N.Y.: We should just make prostitution legal. But on the other hand, forcing someone into prostitution should be seriously punished. The first-time penalty makes little sense: probation to 15 years. Probation is a slap on [...]')('2006060', 'Readers respond to David Brooks\'s June 1 column, "No More Excuses" Jordan Gray, Anchorage, Alaska: No excuses, indeed! You\'re right, but oddly, I find myself laughing after reading your piece. And I\'m not laughing at you. Rather, I\'m laughing at our pitifully low expectations of the Bush administration. Secretary Rice, like Secretary Powell before her, [...]')('2006060', 'Joseph Mondello just arrived at the arena where delegates are preparing to cast their vote for either William Weld or John Faso, and the Nassau County chairman repeated his recurring theme at this convention: the possibilities are endless. Asked by Senate Majority Joseph L. Bruno and a scrum of reporters what he planned to do [...]')('2006060', "Morgan Stanley on Thursday announced a small step toward the chief executive John Mack's goal of bolstering the firm's asset management business. The firm said it had bought Oxhead Capital Management, a Boston-based hedge fund led by former executives of Putnam Investments. Financial terms were not disclosed, but Oxhead is small as hedge funds go. [...]")('2006060', "John Faso (Kirk Condyles for The New York Times) I just rode down in the hotel elevator with John Faso; apparently we're both running late for face time with the delegates. I asked John if he's seeing any shifts in delegate support. He replied that he'd never seen a guy tie a tie in the [...]")('2006060', 'A rumor that chip giant AMD will merge with ATI, a much-smaller maker of graphics co-processors with a market capitalization of $4.2 billion, has been lifting ATI\'s stock in recent days. The speculation even made its way into a research report by an analyst from RBC Capital. Other industry analysts are skeptical, though. "Forget it," [...]')('2006060', "Follow along with all the breaking news at the World Cup as it happens on The Times Web site's Soccer page, which is right here. Today, keep your eye out for two friendlies: Norway-Korea at Oslo, and Netherlands-Mexico at Eindhoven.")('2006060', 'The battle between William Weld and John Faso just took a big turn, with the vote-rich Nassau delegation preparing to split its votes-giving each candidate half of their total 10.5 percent of the weighted vote, according to an official who has spoken with Joseph Mondello, the county chairman. The official said Mr. Mondello decided to [...]')('2006060', 'Slate editor Jacob Weisberg is the latest writer to develop a crush on Al Gore after watching his global-warming documentary, "An Inconvenient Truth." But unlike most liberal pundits, Weisberg thinks the movie\'s power is an indication that Gore would be making a mistake by running for president again. After hearing Gore speak at "a post-screening [...]')('2006060', 'A media-focused investment company, Veronis Suhler Stevenson, has named three managing directors: Trent Hickman, David Holland and Nick Veronis. All three had been associates at the firm for six years, Veronis Suhler said. Veronis Suhler recently closed its fourth private equity fund at $1.3 billion. The firm is based in New York and has an [...]')('2006060', 'Did President Bush lie when he said of departing Treasury secretary John Snow, "No, he has not talked to me about resignation. I think he\'s doing a fine job"? Slate\'s John Dickerson says Bush\'s answer was more than "artful." Bush "abused our trust." Dickerson writes: "Artful should be reserved for things that hide the truth [...]')('2006060', 'William Weld and John Faso at a joint appearance in March. (Stewart Cairns for The New York Times) FasoWeldFasoWeldFasoWeld. Unlike the Democratic convention fight for attorney general and the GOP jockeying to challenge Sen. Hillary Rodham Clinton, the outcome of the Republican convention vote for governor is truly in doubt. John Faso and Bill Weld [...]')('2006060', 'A spate of big management-led buyouts has bankers guessing which companies might be next. The Wall Street Journal reported on Thursday that there have already been nearly $39 billion worth of deals either led or initiated by top executives so far this year. For all of last year, such deals amounted to just $6.5 billion. [...]')('2006060', 'The student loan provider SLM Corporation, which is known as Sallie Mae, said on Thursday it had agreed to buy Upromise, a saving-for-college company, to be able to offer parents a comprehensive financial package to cover college costs. Terms were not disclosed. Go to Article from Reuters » Go to News Release from SLM via [...]')('2006060', 'XTO Energy said on Thursday it had agreed to purchase Peak EnergyResources, a privately held company that produces natural gas in north Texas, for 2.555 million XTO shares, valued at about $105 million. Go to Article from Reuters » Go to News Release from XTO via Yahoo »')('2006060', 'Frank Quattrone said in a statement today that NASD\'s Department of Enforcement withdrew all its charges against him. The agency had accused him of "spinning" - doling out hot I.P.O.\'s to corporate clients in exchange for business - and misusing his oversight of Credit Suisse First Boston\'s research department to direct favorable coverage for clients. [...]')('2006060', 'Textron, the diversified manufacturer, said Thursday it had agreed to sell its fastening systems business to Platinum Equity, a private equity firm based in California, for $630 million. Go to Article from Reuters » Go to Article from The Rockford (Illinois) Register Star » Go to News Release from Textron »')('2006060', 'As executive pay packages have rocketed in recent years, their defenders have contended that because most are tied to company performance, they are both earned and deserved. But investors who plow through company filings often find that executive compensation exceeds the amounts allowed under the performance targets set by the directors. Executives of companies as [...]')('2006060', 'General Electric and Credit Suisse Group will team up in a $1 billion project to invest in infrastructure projects worldwide, the companies announced Wednesday. The joint venture, in which the companies will invest $500 million each, is intended to develop and finance utility work such as power generation and transmission projects, water projects, and gas [...]')('2006060', "A debt restructuring agreement between Eurotunnel and some of its major creditors ran into opposition after a group claiming to speak for holders of 30 percent of the debt said they would reject the proposals, despite the chairman's threat to file for bankruptcy if the deal is not approved. Goldman Sachs, Macquarie Bank, Oaktree Capital [...]")('2006060', 'The former chief executive of Gateway, Jeffrey Weitzen, won the dismissal of a fraud lawsuit after a federal judge said the Securities and Exchange Commission had not provided evidence of intentional wrongdoing. Judge Roger Benitez of United States District Court in San Diego said in a ruling filed Wednesday that Mr. Weitzen had provided sufficient [...]')('2006060', 'Microsoft\'s chief executive, Steven A. Ballmer, has defended his decision to increase spending next year and has signaled he is unlikely to increase the company\'s share buyback plan. Mr. Ballmer told investors on Wednesday at a Sanford C. Bernstein & Company conference in New York that Microsoft was making "big, bold bets" by spending on [...]')('2006060', 'The European Commission issued one of its largest fines against a cartel on Wednesday when it found five acrylic glass makers guilty of colluding and fixing prices. Arkema of France, formerly known as Atofina; Imperial Chemical Industries and the Lucite International Group of Britain; and Quinn Barlo of Ireland were fined a total of 344.5 [...]')('2006060', 'Teck Cominco\'s chief executive, Don Lindsay, said Inco shareholders favor his $16.4 billion takeover bid over Inco\'s plan to combine with rival nickel miner Falconbridge. "We are hearing from shareholders who own at least 50 percent of Inco that our offer for Inco is the best deal for them," Mr. Lindsay said in an interview [...]')('2006060', "As the government's demands for waiver of privilege in white-collar prosecutions have sparked the ire of attorneys worried about the sanctity of client communications, the waiver issue in the Milberg Weiss Bershad & Schulman case is presenting an especially prickly problem. After the United States attorney, Debra Wong Yang, in the Central District of California [...]")('2006060', "Chung Mong Koo, Hyundai Motor's chairman, went on trial Thursday in Seoul on charges of embezzling funds from Hyundai, South Korea's largest carmaker, to bribe bank and government officials. Kim Dong Oh, a judge at the 25th Criminal Division of the Seoul Central District Court, began hearing the case and will deliberate on Chung's request [...]")('2006060', "Sun Microsystems' Jonathan Schwartz wasted no time heeding Wall Street's calls for blood, swinging the ax on up to 5,000 employees only five weeks after taking over as chief executive of the troubled computer hardware company from Sun co-founder Scott McNealy. The announcement late Wednesday that the Santa Clara, Calif.-based company would cut 11 percent [...]")('2006060', "Shareholders of the Exxon Mobil Corporation, whose last chief executive took home $147 million when he retired, overwhelmingly rejected resolutions at the company's annual meeting on Wednesday to rein in compensation. But the chairman and chief executive, Rex W. Tillerson, said some shareholders sent a signal by withholding votes for directors who approved the pay [...]")('2006060', "One reached the pinnacle of wealth and prestige as a dealmaker on Wall Street. The other was an academic superstar, brilliant but somewhat shy and more at ease in Bermuda shorts than suits. But now Henry M. Paulson Jr., the chief executive of Goldman Sachs and President Bush's choice to become his new Treasury secretary, [...]")('2006060', "Vector Capital, a buyout firm focused on software makers, renewed its two-month effort to buy the Internet-security company WatchGuard Technologies by disclosing an offer price of $5.10 a share. The offer, announced Thursday in a regulatory filing from Vector, WatchGuard's second-largest shareholder, values WatchGuard at $175.8 million based on 34.5 million shares outstanding on April [...]")('2006060', 'Lillian Vernon has changed hands for the second time in less than two years, with Sun Capital Partners deciding to try its hand at turning around the troubled catalogue retailer. Sun Capital bought the direct marketer of toys, gifts and home and gardening items from Direct Holdings Worldwide, a media company controlled by Ripplewood Holdings. [...]')('2006060', "Turkish drinks company Mey Icki, the maker of raki, the country's most famous tipple, said on Thursday a private equity firm, Texas Pacific Group, had bought 90 percent of the company. Mey Icki' chairman, Husnu Dogan, told a news conference the deal valued the company at $900 million. Go to Article from Reuters »")('2006060', "ChoiceStream has raised $13.1 million in Series B financing to bring its online personalization software to mobile phones and television set-top boxes. A new investor, Sutter Hill Ventures, led the round with $9 million. Two existing shareholders, General Catalyst Partners and Sage Hill Partners, also contributed to the round. ChoiceStream's software is designed to personalize [...]")('2006060', "A Chinese IT outsourcing company, Worksoft Creative Software Technology has worked up another $30 million in venture capital to fund acquisitions of companies in the United States and to make a run at a Nasdaq listing. Sequoia Capital of Menlo Park, Calif., and Sequoia Capital China led the Beijing company's Series B. Two stakeholders, DCM-Doll [...]")('2006060', "Proteolix closed its series B round of venture funding after raising $45 million. The South San Francisco biotech company said Wednesday that Delphi Ventures led the round and that Deepa Pakianathan, a Delphi partner, took a seat on the Proteolix board. Investors from the company's first round - U.S. Venture Partners, Advanced Technology Ventures, Latterell [...]")('2006060', 'The New York Board of Trade, looking to use ethanol listings as a way to increase its commodities trading ahead of a possible I.P.O. of its own, received a visit Wednesday from the winner of the Indianapolis 500. The bourse is trying to capitalize on the emerging trend of ethanol I.P.O.s this summer. With deals [...]')('2006060', "Bank of China shares surged 15 percent on Thursday as they made their opening in Hong Kong and were snapped up by investors eager to tap into the sizzling Chinese economy. The bank, China's No. 2 lender, raised $9.7 billion from its initial public offering, the world's biggest in six years. Shares were valued at [...]")('2006060', "Google on Wednesday poured cold water on speculation that it may be poised for a big buy. Company executives said they were looking toward big-name partnerships instead of major merger deals to expand Google's customer base. Here is what Google chief executive Eric Schmidt had to say about the idea: M&A as a method to [...]")('2006060', "Goldman Sachs' chief executive, Henry Paulson, has not departed for Washington quickly enough to avoid yet another accusation the investment bank abused its market power. This one revolves around NRG Energy's rejection of Mirant's $8 billion hostile bid on the basis its former adviser, Goldman, betrayed its confidence. Mirant filed suit against NRG yesterday asserting [...]")('2006060', "Fiduciary Trust International, a New York bank catering to the super-rich, allegedly fired its watchdog compliance officer after he tried to blow the whistle on an unexplained $2 billion found in an account used by one of the Sultan of Brunei's three wives. A congressional task force will review the case to determine whether the [...]")('2006060', 'Richard Kinder did not consider himself lucky when he quit Enron after losing out to a college classmate, Kenneth L. Lay, for the top job. Ten years later, Mr. Lay is facing jail; Mr. Kinder is leading a record management buyout. Their contrasting fortunes stem from radically different business choices. When Mr. Kinder left as [...]')('2006060', "Merrill Lynch Investment Managers faces disciplinary action in Japan for allegedly breaching securities laws in the country. The Securities Exchange Surveillance Commission, which inspects Japan's securities and investment management industry, has asked the Financial Services Agency, the industry regulator, to impose a penalty on the group. Go to Article from The Financial Times (Subscription Required) [...]")('2006060', 'Citigroup, the Goldman Sachs Group and 13 other financial service companies have agreed to pay a total of $13 million to settle claims that they favored some customers in the $200 billion market for auction-rate bonds. The companies violated securities laws from January 2003 to June 2004 by permitting customers to change their orders in [...]')('2006060', 'Oil and natural gas exploration and production company Pogo Producing said it intends to offer $400 million of senior subordinated notes due 2013 in a private offering to repay senior debt. Separately, the Houston-based company said it closed the sale of a 50 percent interest in Gulf of Mexico oil and gas leases to Mitsui [...]')('2006060', 'Fisher Communications said Wednesday that it is selling 24 small-market radio stations in Washington and Montana, and plans to reinvest the money in the pending acquisition of a Spanish-language TV station and other potential broadcast deals. The stations, in Wenatchee, Billings, Butte, Great Falls and Missoula, will be sold to Denver-based Cherry Creek Radio for [...]')('2006060', 'Six former Knight Ridder newspapers awaited word on their fate Wednesday as McClatchy collected offers on the final day of bidding for the newspapers, the last of 12 that McClatchy intends to sell. There was no immediate word on how many bids were submitted for those papers, when new owner McClatchy might decide on possible [...]')('2006060', "Motorola, the world's second-largest mobile phone maker, said on Thursday it had agreed to buy Britain's TTP Communications, which develops software for 3G applications, for 103 million pounds ($193.5 million). Motorola's bid vehicle, DP Acquisitions, said it would pay 45 pence for each TTP share, a 246 percent premium to TTP's closing price on Wednesday. [...]")('2006060', 'Shares of ATI Technologies jumped 9 percent Wednesday after a Wall Street analyst said the graphics chip maker might be acquired by Advanced Micro Devices, the PC microprocessor maker. RBC Capital Markets analyst Apjit Walia said "recent checks in the PC-food chain suggest" the pairing may be likely. It would be consistent with recent announcements [...]')('2006060', "Despite moves on the part of dissident shareholders, the Lexar Media shareholder meeting can proceed for a vote on the company's proposed $688 million merger with Micron Technology, company officials said Wednesday evening. A California state court judge has denied a request for a preliminary injunction to delay the Lexar shareholder meeting, according to the [...]")('2006060', "Scottish and Southern Energy, the British power company, has appointed Credit Suisse First Boston to examine a possible move into the water industry and may join a consortium to bid for Thames Water, which has been put up for sale by its German parent RWE. Guy Hands' Terra Firma, the Australian investment bank Macquarie and [...]")('2006060', "The governor of the Bank of Italy, Mario Draghi, said Wednesday that the central bank would put an end to protectionist tendencies that have recently thwarted several cross-border bank mergers and kept some investors leery of the Italian economy. Speaking at the central bank's annual assembly for the first time since he took office in [...]")('2006060', "When United Breweries, the world's third-largest spirits company, said Monday that it had withdrawn from the bidding for the Champagne maker Taittinger, it cited a local reaction to its Indian roots. A United Breweries spokeswoman suggested that Taittinger, which agreed yesterday to be sold to a unit of the French bank Crédit Agricole for 660 [...]")('2006060', "Nasdaq's chief executive, Robert Greifeld, is clearly not sprinting to close a deal with the London Stock Exchange. In a meeting with his counterpart, Clara Furse, yesterday at the London exchange's headquarters, Mr. Greifeld did not raise the possibility of a friendly takeover of the exchange, nor even the possibility of any form of co-operation [...]")('2006060', "The stage is set for a showdown among angry shareholders, the steel company Arcelor and the government of Luxembourg. On Wednesday, some Arcelor shareholders, upset at the steel giant's deal to sell a stake to the chief executive of Severstal of Russia, demanded in a letter to the chairman, Joseph Kinsch, that the company hold [...]")('2006060', "Tabcorp Holdings, Australia's biggest gaming company, offered A$1.9 billion ($1.4 billion) in cash and stock for Unitab, topping an agreed bid from Tattersall's. Tabcorp is offering A$14.25 in cash and stock for each share of Brisbane-based Unitab, the Melbourne-based company said in a statement today. Tattersall's offer of A$12.86 a share values Unitab, the nation's [...]")('2006060', "There are disappointing initial public offerings, and then there is Vonage. The Internet telephone company's stock is down nearly 30 percent since it hit the market last week, a decline that has not only burned institutional investors who bought into the deal but has stung the 9,000 or so Vonage subscribers who decided to acquire [...]")('2006060', 'Letter from Mike McCurry and Christopher Wolf, co-chairs of Hands Off the Internet, group financed by telecommunications companies, takes issue with Adam Cohen May 28 column which says telecommunications companies are waging misleading campaign opposing government regulation of Internet so they can get their own hands on it; says actual danger to democratic Web is proposed legislation that would shackle broadband network providers')('2006060', 'New York Yankees defeat Detroit Tigers, 6-1; photo (M)0')('2006060', 'Rebecca Lemaitre letter, prompted by David Brooks May 28 column on rape allegations against members of Duke University lacrosse team, says US culture is culture of depravity because women are valued more for their bodies than for their brains')('2006060', 'Photo of activists who claim United States is not doing enough to combat AIDS chained together in lobby of building housing United States Mission to United Nations')('2006060', 'Julia A Moorman letter, prompted by Bob Herbert May 29 column on Iraq war, says there is no better way to respect US troops than by bringing them home')('2006060', 'Port Authority of New York and New Jersey transfers its ownership of several piers to Brooklyn Bridge Park Development Corporation, which is developing planned Brooklyn Bridge Park (S)')('2006060', 'CBS wins ratings for Tuesday night with shows NCIS, The Unit and 48 Hours Mystery; NBC wins ratings among viewers 18- to 49-years-old with shows Last Comic Standing and Law & Order: Special Victims Unit (S)')('2006060', "New York Rep Carolyn B Maloney, Assemblyman Jonathan L Bing and Manhattan Borough Pres Scott M Stringer urge Legislature to pass bill making it easier for government workers involved in rescue, recovery and cleanup efforts in Sept 11 terrorist attacks to claim workers' compensation for illnesses developed after attack (S)")('2006060', 'Personal Shopper Column on picnicware and other items for outdoor entertaining; photos (M)')('2006060', 'Black mesh portable chair from Hammacher Schlemmer has adjustable back, laptop tray, side pockets and matching ottoman that all fold up into one bag; photos (S)')('2006060', 'Nayquan Miller is sentenced to 20 years to life in prison in 2004 killing of food deliveryman Huang Chen in Queens, NY (S)')('2006060', 'Sophie Mallebranche creates lustrous woven fabrics by weaving copper, stainless steel, bronze or brass threads with linen, silk or silicone fibers; photo (S)')('2006060', 'Mario Etheridge, security guard at Detroit nightclub who shot rapper Proof, will face weapons charges, but shooting will be labeled self defense; Etheridge shot twice at ceiling in effort to deter Proof before aiming at him; photo (S)')('2006060', "Alan Sarner pleads guilty in Brooklyn court to defrauding woman of $100,000 by telling her his company was about to announce cure for leukemia; woman's husband had died of leukemia; neither company nor cure existed (S)")('2006060', 'Long Wharf Theater in New Haven names Joan Channick as managing director (S)')('2006060', 'Arthur I Lowell letter, prompted by May 30 article about identity theft, says Social Security numbers should not be used to identify Medicare accounts because this puts Medicare patients at risk of identity theft')('2006060', 'New CD by Dixie Chicks is No 1 on Billboard charts with 526,000 copies sold; photo (S)')('2006060', 'Rebecca and Michael Kanner letter applauds Bob Herbert May 29 column opposing Iraq war and say if military were made up of people of all income levels, wars would be chosen more carefully')('2006060', "Zdena Nemeckova letter, prompted by Maureen Dowd May 31 column on tragic anonymity of Iraq war's victims, says names of those killed or wounded should be made public by news media")('2006060', 'EXPECT BRONX CHEER FOR BONDS')('2006060', "Ishmael Reed letter says David Brooks has himself been guilty of 'rush to judgment' he accuses others of regarding Duke University lacrosse case")('2006060', 'Compact security system for apartment has monitor, siren and remote control; photo (S)')('2006060', 'Amaridian, new gallery in New York City, showcases contemporary pieces by African artists; photos (S)')('2006060', 'Mia')('2006060', 'League of American Theaters and Producers reports that paid attendance to Broadway shows climbed above 12 million this season; gross sales reached record $861.6 million, in part reflecting growing popularity of premium tickets that sell for up to three times regular ticket price; photo (S)')('2006060', 'John Birch, adventure school teacher, tests six pairs of sports sandals designed for hiking; photos (M)')('2006060', 'Daniel J Abrams letter, prompted by May 28 editorial on lack of federal funding for Amtrak, says it is time for national law allocating sufficient funds for railroads; drawing')('2006060', 'Photo of Detroit Pistons win over Miami Heat in Game 5 of Eastern Conference finals')('2006060', 'Jeffrey A Lilly letter thanks Nicholas D Kristof for his May 28 column about negligent response to AIDS in US and abroad')('2006060', "Thomas Heatherwick sculptures 55 tons of steel into undulating staircase for entrance to Longchamp handbags' flagship store in New York City; photos (S)")('2006060', 'New York City Councilman Joel Rivera proposes legislation to ban sale of candy-flavored cigars, cigarettes and tobacco; says products are aimed at young people to get them to smoke; photo (S)')('2006060', 'Scott Caplan letter agrees with Bob Herbert May 29 Op-Ed column calling for withdrawal from Iraq, and says it is time to confront public figures who support war')('2006060', 'Betty Mazur letter, prompted by May 28 editorial calling for increased funding for Amtrak, says Bush administration is blind to most obvious transportation alternative, railroads')('2006060', 'Justice Dorothy Chin-Brandt sentences Danny Carpio to 4 to 12 years in prison in New York State court in Queens for 2005 fatal shooting of Selina Akther; Carpio fired gunshots into air while celebrating and bullet struck Akther, who approached her window when she heard shots (S)')('2006060', 'Prof Jeff Sovern letter, prompted by May 30 article on identity theft, disagrees with bankers quoted who say that consumers are unwilling to incur inconvenience imposed by systems that would eliminate identity theft')('2006060', "Prof Paul Kelter letter, prompted by David Brooks May 28 column on rape allegations against several members of Duke University lacrosse team, says Brooks took cheap shot by calling some of those who rushed to judgment 'tenured left'")('2006060', "Harold House letter, prompted by Maureen Dowd May 31 column on tragic anonymity of Iraq war's victims, says it should be mandatory that politicians who supported war notify families of soldiers killed")('2006060', "The developer of Roosevelt Island's Octagon - first a lunatic asylum, then Metropolitan Hospital, then a burned-out shell - held a reunion for the hospital's nursing school. The last class graduated in 1958. Each Christmas, the nurses would sing carols from the Octagon Tower's spiral staircase. This photo is from 1942. Last month, about 50 [...]")('2006060', "Ronaldinho - better than Pelé? Our colleague at The International Herald-Tribune, Roger Cohen, wondered about that today in his World Cup blog. He was referring to the Brazilian magazine Época, which asked that very question on the cover of its May 11 issue, which you'll find on the righthand side of the page if you [...]")('2006060', "When Eliot Spitzer reached Mineola today, Tom Suozzi was waiting. (James Estrin/The New York Times) Update: Just before 4 p.m., Eliot Spitzer's statewide bus tour wrapped up in Mineola, the Nassau County seat. As Mr. Spitzer, the Democratic Party's official designee for governor, left the bus to catch a Long Island Rail Road train back [...]")('2006060', "After much prodding from rival candidates for attorney general, Andrew M. Cuomo released tax returns dating back 14 years, when he served as Housing secretary under President Clinton. Some of Mr. Cuomo's rivals have called on him to release a list of his law clients. But the Cuomo campaign said that former housing secretary has [...]")('2006060', "In a city where the price of a cashmere sweater has surpassed $1,000 in some quarters and summer utility bills may do the same, finding a one-bedroom rental apartment at that price seems pretty improbable. Or so you'd think. But a survey released earlier this year by New York City's Department of Housing Preservation and [...]")('2006060', "Goldman Sachs named its president Lloyd Blankfein, to succeed Henry Paulson as chairman and chief executive of the company, the world's biggest securities firm by market value. Though Mr. Blankfein was widely considered to be Mr. Paulson's heir apparent, the board's announcement threw cold water on recent speculation that the firm would split the roles [...]")('2006060', "The city's new top lobbyist? Kasirer Consulting, the lobbying shop run by Suri Kasirer, according to a report released today by the City Clerk's office that found she took in $2.4 million last year. Ms. Kasirer was an aide to Gov. Mario M. Cuomo from 1992 to 1994 before starting her lobbying business; her husband, [...]")('2006060', "You knew it had to happen someday: live broadband webcasts of World Cup matches. The BBC has announced that it will show all 23 matches for which it has television rights live over its Web site. However, only people in the U.K. will be able to see this service. So Brits won't have to go [...]")('2006060', 'Goldman Sachs has taken some heat in recent weeks over possible conflicts of interest, mostly centering on its dual roles as private equity investor and investment banking adviser. Just this week, Goldman withdrew as adviser to Mirant in its attempt to buy NRG Energy amid suggestions that Goldman shared confidential information about NRG. (Goldman denied [...]')('2006060', "The most viewed video on YouTube today, by a landslide, is this clip of Colombia goalkeeper Luis Enrique Martinez punting the ball from his own and and scoring a goal against Poland's goalkeeper, Tomasz Kuszczak, in a friendly match earlier this week. In fact, videos of Kuszczak's gaffe, which surely will keep him on the [...]")('2006060', "Princeton University Art Museum The GOP candidate for governor (and student of the classics), pre-taping his Sunday appearance on Gabe Pressman's WNBC show, was drawn into this nifty exchange today. PRESSMAN: In an interview with a reporter, Stephen Rodrick, for New York Magazine, you said you'd like to be, or you indicated you would like [...]")('2006060', 'Ken in Washington D.C. writes: "Your piece on AIDS orphans in Swaziland was quite moving. But I wonder about how you frame the epidemic. You compare it to the Black Death of the 14th century and write that it has been ignored because its victims are on the internal margins of the West and on [...]')('2006060', "Was it really Edmílson's knee, or was it his fist, that caused him to be be dropped from the Brazilian squad yesterday? That was the question being addressed this morning on The Guardian's World Cup podcast, by Fernando Duarte, who is himself blogging the event from London for the Brazilian daily O Globo. Duarte tried [...]")('2006060', "The Washington Post website tackles directly the question of whether President Bush lied in suggesting that Treasury Secretary Snow was going to stay, when in fact Snow was already halfway out the door: http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/blog/2006/06/01/BL2006060100995_pf.html I'm still wary of calling people liars, because that gets into the question of their state of mind. And it seems [...]")('2006060', "For reasons I mostly understand but don't wholly endorse, many restaurants, especially many fine restaurants, don't put salt on the table unless you ask for it. Here's one way around that problem: travel with salt.")('2006060', 'Readers respond to Thomas L. Friedman\'s June 2 column, "Insurgency Out, Anarchy In" Jerry L. Schrader, Salem, Ore.: I appreciate seeing the use of the word \'anarchy\' in describing the situation in Iraq. You have come closer then anyone I have read to putting a face on this disastrous situation because of your own experience [...]')('2006060', "Our colleague Jere Longman reports today from Prague on the travails of the aging Czech Republic team, a topic that many visitors to this blog have commented on. Especially poignant in Longman's article is the moment when Vladimir Smicer, in announcing yesterday that a leg injury would keep him out of the World Cup, said: [...]")('2006060', 'When it comes to asking which cellphone company has the best coverage, the answer is all in the wording.')('2006060', "Wall Street has already voiced its displeasure with ADC Telecommunications's plan to acquire a rival wireless company, Andrew. Shares of ADC fell 20 percent on Wednesday after the transaction, which carried an initial value of $2 billion, was announced. Now, others are heaping more criticism onto the pile. The deal earned ADC a spot on [...]")('2006060', "Stepping up the pressure on Eliot Spitzer after his big week, Tom Suozzi plans to greet the Attorney General on the County Executive's home turf when Spitzer arrives in Mineola on the LIRR this afternoon. No word yet if the Spitzer camp knows of the plans.")('2006060', "Lest it be lost amid other, lesser legal issues - Enron, Frank Quattrone, stock options backdating - The Wall Street Journal's Law Blog on Friday helpfully brings us news of this important arbitration case affecting one of Wall Street's icons: Morgan Stanley v. Meow. We kid you not. The case revolves around the Web domain [...]")('2006060', 'The widening federal investigation into possible backdating of stock options has everyone looking under rocks for the next company to be implicated. To that end, analysts at Citigroup have screened the technology companies they cover to assess their potential exposure to the scandal, which has already resulted in more than 20 companies, many of them [...]')('2006060', 'The brokerage industry "has begun to look like a business in decline," The Economist writes in its latest issue. As a result, big investment banks are working to strengthen their ties to hedge funds, because for now, at least, that is where the money is. Most big banks have established "prime brokerage" units that offer [...]')('2006060', 'Alternative-asset management firm GSC Partners, which says it oversees $10.7 billion in assets, on Friday announced that it named Michael R. Lynch senior managing director. Mr. Lynch joined the board of advisers at Florham Park, N.J.-based GSC, formerly known as Greenwich Street Capital, in March 2005. He previously worked as an investment banker at Goldman [...]')('2006060', "The 30th anniversary of the so-called Judgment of Paris, the most famous blind tasting in history, has inspired yet another re-creation. Here's what I think: Enough already!")('2006060', "Deutsche Börse is not giving up yet. The German stock exchange, snubbed by Thursday's $10.2 billion agreement between the NYSE Group and Euronext, said in a statement Friday that it will continue to pursue a merger with Euronext. The announcement came just as top executives of Euronext and NYSE, which runs the New York Stock [...]")('2006060', 'In a post titled "Pixar and the Nanny State," Jonathan V. Last, the Weekly Standard\'s online editor, complains at Galley Slaves (a group blog with two other Standard contributors) that Pixar\'s new movie, "Cars," suffers from "the worst promotional tie-in in the history of movies." Last writes: Cars actually has a promotional tie in with [...]')('2006060', 'Under pressure from hedge funds, Micron Technology said Friday it is prepared to increase its offer to acquire Lexar Media, a maker of memory chips. Lexar postponed a special meeting of shareholders, which had been scheduled for that day, to consider the latest proposal. Micron said it would exchange 0.5925 Micron shares, or about $10 [...]')('2006060', "Interest is running high for Pfizer's over-the-counter drug business, with the pharmaceuticals company GlaxoSmithKline prepared to offer more than $15 billion for the unit, according to reports. Citing unnamed sources, Reuters and The Financial Times wrote on Friday that Glaxo is set to make its $15 billion-plus bid ahead of Tuesday's deadline. Others said to [...]")('2006060', 'John Faso, fresh from his victory at the Republican state convention, just arrived in Flushing to speak to 20 members of the Queens Chamber of Commerce. His aides say he has no plans to make news, which makes me wonder: Is steady-as-she-goes, solid/stolid Faso capable of delivering a knock-out punch to his rival for the [...]')('2006060', "At least one law firm is trying to put together a class-action lawsuit for disgruntled Vonage customers who invested in the Internet telephone company's disastrous I.P.O. Customers, who have watched Vonage's shares tank 32 percent since their debut last week, may have a strong legal leg to stand on, I.P.O. experts said. Vonage sent an [...]")('2006060', "A state judge has thrown out California's fraud lawsuit against the brokerage firm Edward Jones in another defeat for the attorney general, Bill Lockyer, who is trying to assert authority over mutual fund sales practices. Judge Loren McMaster of Superior Court in Sacramento dismissed M. Lockyer's 17-month-old suit against St. Louis-based Jones last week, ruling [...]")('2006060', "John F. W. Rogers, chief of staff and closest adviser to Henry M. Paulson Jr., played a crucial role in Mr. Paulson's decision about whether to leave the job he loves at Goldman Sachs for a new position of uncertain power at the Treasury. Mr. Rogers's part in the power play underlines a growing tendency [...]")('2006060', 'M-Systems Flash Disk Pioneers on Thursday joined a list of companies engulfed in a widening investigation over stock options grants and postponed a stock offering, sending its shares down as much as 15 percent. The Israel-based developer of memory used in mobile phones and small flash drives said it had launched an internal investigation into [...]')('2006060', 'The New York State comptroller, Alan G. Hevesi, the trustee of the $140 billion New York State Common Retirement Fund, has announced he will ask Judge William H. Pauley of Southern District Court to replace the indicted class action firm Milberg Weiss Bershad & Schulman as lead counsel in a shareholder suit against the German [...]')('2006060', "Home Depot, in a bow to disgruntled shareholders, said yesterday that it would require a majority vote from shareholders for the election of board members. The company also released vote tallies from last week's annual meeting showing that a surprisingly high percentage of shareholders had withheld their support from 10 of the 11 directors, including [...]")('2006060', 'Rambus said on Thursday e-mails from Micron Technology and Hynix Semiconductor support its claims that the rival memory chip makers conspired to fix prices, sending its shares up 18.5 percent. E-mail correspondence among competitors in the memory chip business suggested they traded information to manipulate prices, Rambus said, confirming an earlier report in The Wall [...]')('2006060', "Sony BMG Music Entertainment yesterday announced the resignations of the top two executives at its Sony Music Label Group, less than four months after the company's owners appointed a new chief executive in a bid to resolve management discord. The sudden departures of Don Ienner, chairman of the unit, and Michele Anthony, the president, ended [...]")('2006060', "The private equity firm Exponent has emerged as the most likely bidder to acquire Sir Richard Branson's Trainline.com, after a 168 million pound ($314 million) offer. Exponent has been picked ahead of two rival private equity firms to enter into exclusive negotiations with Virgin Group to acquire the online train ticket retailer, The Telegraph said. [...]")('2006060', 'Six months after it announced plans to sell ancillary businesses, Textron said Thursday that it has agreed to sell its fastening systems unit to Los Angeles private equity firm Platinum Equity for $630 million in cash and assumed debt. Troy, Mich.-based Textron, which makes Cessna aircraft, Bell Helicopters and EZ-GO golf carts, said the move [...]')('2006060', "A consortium of venture capital firms is preparing a 14 billion euro bid for Portugal's biggest phone group in a further private equity assault on the telecoms market, The Times of London reported. Six houses – Cinven, Permira, Providence, Blackstone Group, Texas Pacific Group and Kohlberg Kravis Roberts – are close to tabling an offer [...]")('2006060', "Canada's venture capital industry is having trouble attracting as much investment as it would like, and it wants governments to help attract money from pension funds by providing loan guarantees. Provincial or federal governments should consider offering loan guarantees worth up to 30 percent of any amounts that venture capital funds are able to raise [...]")('2006060', 'Tesla Motors, a Silicon Valley-based company seeking to develop street-legal, high-performance electric cars, has raised $40 million in third-round funding from three venture firms and several high-profile individual investors. Named for the electrical engineer who developed alternating current and reportedly built an electric car in 1931 using such current, Tesla is among several companies developing [...]')('2006060', 'Ignition Partners, the Seattle-area venture capital firm run by wireless industry notables and Microsoft alumni, has expanded its $300 million third fund with an additional $80 million earmarked for helping its start-ups grow up fast through acquisitions. Ignition Partner Robert Headley said the expansion to Ignition Venture Partners III closed on Wednesday, and came entirely [...]')('2006060', "Citigroup's Citigroup Venture Capital International arm is backing the U.S. expansion of Canadian ethanol producer Permolex International – the latest private equity player to seize an opportunity in the booming industry. Permolex, which runs an ethanol project in Alberta, Canada, is building a new ethanol plant, known as Northeast Biofuels, in Fulton, N.Y., said people [...]")('2006060', "Luna Innovations, which develops molecular and sensing technologies, has cut the estimated price range for its pending initial public offering, reducing the deal's potential value by 27 percent to $32 million. The I.P.O. will now consist of 4 million shares offered at $6 to $8 apiece, down from $11 to $13, previously, the Roanoke, Va., [...]")('2006060', 'CTC Media priced its initial public offering near the bottom of its reduced range for its stock market debut Thursday on the Nasdaq. CTC Media offered 24.7 million shares at $14 a share in a bid to raise $346 million. The only I.P.O. on the calendar this week, the Moscow-based operator of one of the [...]')('2006060', 'Town Sports International, the third-largest fitness club operator in the United States, priced an initial public offering on Thursday worth about $99.5 million, according to an underwriter. The 7.65 million share offering sold for $13 per share, below an already lowered forecast price of $14. The company had previously filed with the Securities and Exchange [...]')('2006060', "Australia's government scrapped plans to sell Snowy Hydro, the nation's second-biggest hydropower producer, bowing to protests led by farmers and politicians that the company may fall into foreign hands. The sale, announced in December and worth as much as A$3 billion ($2.2 billion) according to EL & C Baillieu Stockbroking, began to unravel last week [...]")('2006060', "When a small investment-banking boutique has a successful I.P.O. despite losing both its peak revenue and a major underwriter's support, it means one thing: It's time for every other available investment bank to pile on and tap the public markets. That's exactly what's happened since San Francisco's Thomas Weisel Partners Group went public in February. [...]")('2006060', 'Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce said second-quarter profit rose 34 percent as a tax recovery at its retail division and a reversal for credit losses offset weakness at its investment banking arm. The bank also boosted its dividend for the first time in at least a year. Net income applicable to common shareholders in the [...]')('2006060', 'Wall Street has always been about taking risk. But never has the "R" word been such an obsession for the men and women who rule the nation\'s biggest investment banks. Never have they had to reconcile so many bets made on so many fronts. Ripe conditions have allowed a new type of firm to flourish, [...]')('2006060', 'Henry M. Paulson Jr., the nominee for Treasury secretary, has a big reason to support tax relief. Because of a little-known provision in the federal tax code, Mr. Paulson, the departing Goldman Sachs chief executive, could receive a tax break of at least $48 million if he is confirmed. The tax rule, Section 1043 of [...]')('2006060', 'Goldman Sachs prides itself on power-sharing. It has co-heads and co-presidents of everything from global sales and trading – there are four – to investment banking (three). But in seven years under Henry M. Paulson Jr., power at the top – the jobs of chief executive and chairman – was not shared. His expected successor, [...]')('2006060', "Thirteen executives at Constellation Energy Group stand to receive up to a total of $73 million in payouts from company stock and incentive plans if the company's proposed merger with a Florida power company goes through. Seven of those executives also could reap a share of $27.5 million in cash severance if they are fired [...]")('2006060', "Gilbert White's Selborne Journal: Wednesday, 2 June 1784: 29 9/10 1/2; 58 1/2; NE, E, N. Sun & grisk gale, sun, sweet even: Flag-iris, & orange lily begin to blow. The forward wheat undulates before the wind. Laburnums, berberries, &c: covered with bloom. Peonies in flower. *** 7 am. 63 degrees. Rain. Our peonies are [...]")('2006060', "Emaar Properties, the United Arab Emirates' largest listed company, said it bought John Laing Homes, the second-largest privately held U.S. homebuilder, for $1.05 billion cash on Thursday. The purchase creates one of the world's leading real estate developers in residential homebuilding, Emaar said in a statement. Go to Article from Reuters » Go to Article [...]")('2006060', "Inco's proposed acquisition of Falconbridge got a potentially important boost yesterday, as federal politicians of all stripes backed a motion to delay the foreign investment review of a rival takeover bid for Toronto-based Falconbridge. By slowing the review of Swiss-based Xstrata's $16.1-billion hostile takeover bid for Falconbridge as long as legally possible, the Conservative government [...]")('2006060', "Consolidation of mobile carriers continues apace in emerging markets, with some the latest deals focused on Africa. Celtel International, a subsidiary of Kuwait's Mobile Telecommunications, has long been pursuing Nigerian carrier Vmobile and announced Tuesday it will fork out just over $1 billion for a 65 percent stake in the company. MTC could also be [...]")('2006060', 'Citigroup chief executive Chuck Prince said Thursday his company is not under any pressure to do a big deal, and will wait until possible transactions are priced more rationally. "We are not going to do overpay for deals. We are not going to do rush to do deals. We don\'t think we\'re under any pressure [...]')('2006060', "Consolidation of one of most important industries fueling globalization, steel, may come down to a bitter fight in a tiny corner of Europe: the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, a monarchist state that is gaining notoriety for its involvement in the three-way battle for the steel giant Arcelor. Luxembourg's government and regulators are in the hot [...]")('2006060', "Mirant's tangled bid for rival NRG Energy got a little more complicated yesterday when a shareholder suggested that Mirant should be the one on the block. Pirate Capital, which owns 1.6 percent of Mirant, questioned the company's efforts to acquire NRG and said Mirant should instead put itself up for sale, according to a Securities [...]")('2006060', 'After a whirlwind weekend, NYSE Group chief executive John Thain sealed a deal for his company to buy Euronext, the pan-European stock and derivatives exchange, for $10.2 billion. The agreement came after the NYSE, which runs the New York Stock Exchange, made its initial bid on May 22. The combined entity will have average daily [...]')('2006060', "The operator of the New York Stock Exchange cleared a major hurdle to its goal of becoming the first trans-Atlantic stock exchange with its $10.2 billion agreement to buy Euronext. The transaction is being billed as a merger of equals, but the terms of Thursday's agreement caused many observers to view it as a coup [...]")('2006060', "Shares of the Bank of China soared 15 percent on Thursday in their first day of trading on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. It was the world's biggest public share offering in six years. Not since AT&T Wireless went public in 2000 have investors paid so dearly for an initial public stock offering, raising $9.7 [...]")('2006060', 'In this lesson, students will consider forms in nature and create original works of art expressing these forms.')('2006060', "The World Cup is more than just the global championship of soccer - it's the quadrennial armageddon that pits Nike against Adidas for the ultimate prize: billions of dollars in soccer-gear sales. On Sunday, Faisal Islam wrote a fascinating business article in The Observer about the showdown, with the German company Adidas, the tournament's official [...]")('2006060', "Photo of Dallas Mavericks' win over Phoenix Suns in Western Conference finals0")('2006060', 'Charts show Goldman Sachs participation in global buyouts as adviser or investor (S)')('2006060', "Nathan Landau letter on 'soulless' new glass towers of Miami says one genuinely lively urban area there seems to be modestly-scaled South Beach")('2006060', "AOL Music will offer streaming video of songs from each night of Bruce Springsteen's tour with Seeger Sessions Band; photo (S)")('2006060', 'Photo of Detroit Tigers win over New York yankees6')('2006060', 'Two of six remaining plaintiffs in New London, Conn, eminent domain dispute reach financial settlements with city for undisclosed amounts (S)')('2006060', "Holland Cotter reviews exhibition Alex Katz: The 60's at Pace Wildenstein gallery (M)")('2006060', 'Letter from Ruth Messinger, director of American Jewish World Service, defends efforts to organize to stop genocide in Darfur')('2006060', 'T-Mobile, Orange, Telecom Italia, Wind, TeliaSonera and Telenor, in bid to stave off European price controls, voluntarily cut in half wholesale roaming charges; photo (S)')('2006060', 'NBA suspends Dallas Mavericks')('2006060', 'Photo of Sara L Smith wearing coat of feathers made by members of her Maori tribe in New Zealand during graduation ceremony at Hunter College')('2006060', 'Photo of Brett Kavanaugh being sworn in as US appeals court judge by Supreme Court Justice Anthony Kennedy, with Pres Bush looking on')('2006060', 'Steve Sellery letter notes that gas tax takes large chunk of income of those who earn the least, and suggests tax on new vehicles based on fuel efficiency')('2006060', 'C Virginia Fields, former Manhattan borough president, says she will not seek seat in State Senate being vacated by David A Paterson, Democratic nominee for lieutenant governor (S)')('2006060', 'Grace Glueck reviews exhibition New York Street Photography at New York Public Library (M)')('2006060', "Jack Archer letter sya personal reputation of Henry Paulson will not solve Pres Bush's economic 'irresponsibility'")('2006060', 'Holland Cotter reviews exhibition Text as Image: An Homage to Lorenzo Homar and the Reverend Pedro Pietri at El Museo del Barrio; photo (M)')('2006060', "Brandon Bittner letter says Pres Bush's appointment of Henry Paulson as treasury secretary and 'cheerleader' does not change fact that Bush's friends are getting richer while vast majority of Americans are left out of booming prosperity")('2006060', 'Roberta Smith reviews paintings by Thomas Zipp at Harris Lieberman gallery (M)')('2006060', "Letter from Rev Gloria White-Hammond of Save Darfur Coalition rebuts Alan Kuperman's May 31 Op-Ed article asserting that Americanactivism has contributed to Darfur genocide")('2006060', 'Deborah Harris letter on dilemma of petite women who cannot find clothing to fit in department stores')('2006060', 'New York Islanders name Bryan Trottier executive director for player development (S)')('2006060', "Excerpts from recently published Frank Bruni reviews of restaurants Cafe d'Alsace on Upper East Side, Sascha in Meatpacking District, Crema on West 17th Street and A Voce on Madison Avenue; photo (M)")('2006060', "Photo of Carolina Hurricanes' win over Buffalo Sabres to advance to Stanley Cup0")('2006060', "Photo of house near Indiana Women's Prison where seven people were found shot to death execution-style")('2006060', 'Photo of New Orleans Mayor C Ray Nagin being sworn in to second term')('2006060', 'Ken Johnson reviews paintings by Mamma Andersson at David Zwirner gallery (M)')('2006060', 'Gary Giardina letter scorns General Motors for marketing promotion that encourages gas addicts')('2006060', 'Rep Steve Israel letter agrees with Thomas Friedman about link between national security and foreign oil dependence but says solution is not regressive gas tax to force Americans to buy more fuel-efficient vehicles; proposes asking richest Americans to sacrifice federal income tax cuts for four years, which would yield about $250 billion for energy independence program')('2006060', "Denis M McCarthy letter on Americans facing up to war says those who feel ax fall are traumatized foot soldiers and overtaxed junior officers sent on fool's errand to Iraq")('2006060', "Psychologist reports Peter Braunstein, freelance writer accused of sexually attacking woman in New York City in October 2005, is paranoid schizophrenic; Braunstein's lawyer requested psychological exam and hopes prosecution will take fresh look at case (S)")('2006060', 'Paul Bryant, disc jockey known as Cubby, will join Whoopi Goldberg on her new morning radio show on Clear Channel (S)')('2006060', 'Grace Glueck reviews paintings by Lorser Feitelson at Washburn Gallery (M)')('2006060', "Martha Stewart puts home on Turkey Hill Road in Westport, Conn, up for sale; bought in 1970's by Stewart and her husband for just under $81,000, four-acre property is listed at nearly $9 million; photo (M)")('2006060', 'New York State Bar Association appoints Mark H Alcott of Larchmont as its president; he is senior litigator for Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison (S)')('2006060', 'CBS wins ratings for Wednesday night, despite fact that NBC show Deal or No Deal is most watched show of evening (S)')('2006060', 'Public Theater announces 2006-2007 lineup; Kevin Kline will star in a Shakespeare play and Brian Dennehy will appear in Shakespeare in the Park during summer; other offerings include Neil LaBute play Wrecks, starring Ed Harris, and Craig Lucas play Singing Forest; photo (S)')('2006060', "New York City committee considering raises for city's elected officials hears testimony from people advocating first salary increase since 1999 (S)")('2006060', 'Terence Rafferty on moral repugnance of hunting and killing bears for no other reason but blood lust')('2006060', 'High-end and mainstream department stores report strong sales in May; Wal-Mart reports 2.3 percent hike in sales in stores open at least one year; Target reports 5.7 percent gain; Costco posts rise of 10 percent; Federated Department Stores says sales increased 9.2 percent; some retail analysts say lagging sales at Wal-Mart had less to do with high gas prices than consumers shopping elsewhere; photo; graphs (M)')('2006060', 'Taylor Hicks, winner of American Idol, signs contract with Clive Davis, linking him to 19 Recordings Unlimited, label managed by Simon Fuller; two Hicks songs will be released initially with full-length album expected later in year; photo (S)')('2006060', 'Jim Anderson letter says many of people who buy behemoth vehicles are either ignorant of amount of oil they are using or arrogant about damaging impact on environment; cries shame on General Motors for gas-subsidy program')('2006060', 'Richard Griffiths halts his performance during crucial scene of The History Boys to lecture audience after cellphone repeatedly rings; photo (S)')('2006060', 'Martin J Levine letter says he wears green wristband not in support of Darfur rebels but to assert principle that genocide and rape are not legitimate military tactics by anyone')('2006060', "Gov George E Pataki reiterates his support for government financing of underground infrastructure at World Trade Center site, leaving World Trade Center Memorial Foundation responsible only for meeting $500 million budget now assigned to monument and memorial; Port Authority of New York and New Jersey is expected to pay $100 million of memorial's share of infrastructure costs (S)")('2006060', 'Bronx man is arrested for attempting to rob pizza deliveryman after delivery man resists and chases thief into Central Park (S)')('2006060', "Next Wave Festival at Brooklyn Academy of Music will be biggest in festival's 24 years; performances noted; photo (S)")('2006060', 'Sophie Glass letter says that as green wristband-wearing Darfur activist, she defends role of international intervention in Darfur')('2006060', "Larry Ellison, chief executive of Oracle and one of the richest men in the world, can't unload his Japanese villa in Atherton, Calif., so he's knocked down the price. The San Jose Mercury News reports that the property that was originally listed for $25 million is now going for $16 million, a 36 percent shave. [...]")('2006060', 'Recently we interviewed Dave Sarachan, the coach of the Chicago Fire, about various nations\' tactical styles. We were pretty skeptical when he pronounced Peter Crouch, the gawky, giraffe-like replacement for Wayne Rooney in the England front line, "much better with his feet than people give him credit for." But if you were watching the England-Jamaica [...]')('2006060', 'Just in from Reuters, this potentially disconcerting news for the squad representing the nation of Serbia and Montenegro: Montenegro Declares Independence. While many national teams might be thrown off by this sort of development just days before the start of the World Cup, the former Yugoslavs are taking it in stride. It helps that the [...]')('2006060', "(Ruby Washington/NYT) Denise O'Donnell has decided not to continue her bid for Attorney General. Interestingly, her statement left out any mention of supporting the party designee, Andrew Cuomo, and instead noted how she would work for Eliot Spitzer's election. Who's next? – Gerry Mullany")('2006060', "A wonderful story in today's Irish Independent puts into perspective the Michael Schumacher affair by recalling many of the famous incidents of cheating in world sporting history. With the headline, If you think Schumacher's a cheat ... how about these scoundrels!, it was written by Myles McWeeney, and is worth the time it takes to [...]")('2006060', 'Four years ago, a guy named Clint - Mathis - was all the rage in the American soccer world. Cover of Sports Illustrated, pivotal goal against South Korea. But since those heady days, Mathis has been a bust, big time, in Germany and back in the U.S. of A. Now comes another brash Southerner (Mathis [...]')('2006060', "Who Divides Antiterror Money? That's a Secret By Diane Cardwell and Al Baker To Some New York Republicans, Faso Remains an Underdog By Patrick Healy A Little Sparring Before Spitzer and Suozzi Debate By Bruce Lambert Suozzi Vows to Make Primary a Fight By David Staba Cuomo, Under Pressure, Releases His Tax Returns By Jonathan [...]")('2006060', "The conventional wisdom is that winning your first game of the first round is absolutely critical for a team's chances of advancing to the knockout round. And, at least in this case, the conventional wisdom is pretty darn wise. Here are some figures from the first round of the tournament in France in 1998 and [...]")('2006060', 'FIFA has released the list of refereeing assignments for the first 16 games of the World Cup. The complete list is at fifaworldcup.com. For its opener against the Czech Republic on June 12, the United States will see a team of officials from Paraguay, led by Referee Carlos Amarilla (perhaps a fitting name for a [...]')('2006060', "Here's a sure sign that World Cup fever has taken over from avian flu as Europe's No. 1 concern: there are fears that it may jump the species barrier and spread to non-human animals. According to Süddeutsche Zeitung, a European animal rights organization called the Europäische Tier und Naturschutz (or E.T.N.) is urging fans across [...]")('2006060', "In yesterday's Times, our colleague Sarah Lyall reported that British authorities have launched a quixotic campaign to discourage English fans who will be traveling to Germany for the World Cup from emulating Basil Fawlty and making frequent, gratuitous references to the Second World War. That may turn out to be far easier said than done. [...]")('2006060', "June 2 article and headline about criticism of US military by Iraqi Prime Min Nuri Kamal al-Maliki in wake of reports that US marines killed 24 civilians in Haditha included incorrect translation of his comments; Maliki said that violence by US troops against civilians had become 'regular occurrence'")('2006060', 'Photo of New York Democratic gubernatorial hopefuls Eliot Spitzer and Thomas R Suozzi during impromptu debate in Mineola, NY')('2006060', 'US Court of Appeals in San Francisco rules that Nuclear Regulatory Commission must consider risk of terrorist attack when it evaluates environmental effect on new projects (S)')('2006060', 'James Day letter holds that US should leave Iraq')('2006060', 'Photo of New York Mets game against San Francisco Giants, which was rained out0')('2006060', 'Article on growing importance of geriatric care managers, who help families with aging relatives who want to be taken care of at home; says there are 2,041 certified geriatric care managers, up from 50 when Association of Professional Geriatric Care Managers started in 1986; photo (M)')('2006060', 'Pres Mahmoud Ahmadinejad defies pressure from foreign leaders to accept package of incentives in return for ending all nuclear activities, saying Iran will pursue its legal right to develop peaceful nuclear program; photo (M)')('2006060', 'Rolling Stones say that guitarist Keith Richards has made complete recovery after surgery and band will resume its tour on July 11; photo (S)')('2006060', 'European Union study finds that Irish spend more of their income on alcoholic drinks and go binge drinking more often than any other European nationality; Irish households spend average of almost $2,150 annually on alcohol, more than triple figure for Denmark, home to second-biggest spenders (S)')('2006060', 'Article on missteps made by Vonage, Internet phone provider whose stock price plummeted 32 percent shortly after initial public offering; says company, with about 1.5 million paying customers, solid brand name and big share of growing market, is contending with disgruntled customers who were encouraged to buy shares at offering price; graphs (M)')('2006060', "NBC's Today show goodbye to Katie Couric draws 8.4 million viewers, making it fourth-highest ranked broadcast of show since 1987; photo (S)")('2006060', "Ilya Shlyakhter letter holds that Republicans have no hope of winning New York in next election, so Pres Bush doesn't waste time tending to city's interests")('2006060', 'May 16 front-page contents entry about deadline for initial enrollment period for Medicare drug plan misstated name of agency where worker was pictured speaking with client; it is Empire Medicare Services')('2006060', 'Jane Schauben letter disputes May 27 editorial contending that some women become nurses because they do not want to teach')('2006060', 'Karen Glowacki letter assails Bush administration for cutting antiterrorism financing to New York City')('2006060', "Jed Rothstein letter holds that US options for dealing with Iran are curtailed because of Bush administration's leadership")('2006060', 'Jeffrey Yacker letter urges Mayor Michael R Bloomberg to spearhead building of new Penn Station')('2006060', 'Ellen Lebowitz letter assails Bush administration for cutting antiterrorism financing to New York City')('2006060', 'Letter from Nicholas Casale, former deputy director of security for Metropolitan Transportation Authority, holds that Bloomberg administration lost $83 million in counterterrorism money by not explaining how some programs could make city safer')('2006060', 'June 1 obituary about Slim Aarons omitted his name in titles of two of his books of photographs')('2006060', 'May 26 article about proposed tax-shelter settlement with accounting firm KPMG omitted part of response of Claude Gerald Harris, lead plaintiff who was offered financial incentive to serve as plaintiff')('2006060', "Bernie Hargadon letter disputes David Brooks's June 1 Op-Ed column applauding Bush administration for its decision to condescend to talk with Iran over nuclear issue")('2006060', 'Floyd Norris Off the Charts column assesses tenure of Treasury Sec John Snow, compared with performances under each of previous 10 secretaries; focuses on annual growth in real gross domestic product and payroll employment as well as performance of dollar, stock market and Consumer Price Index; charts (M)')('2006060', "May 31 article about UN reports on global AIDS epidemic referred imprecisely to rate of HIV infection in South Africa; rate is 19 percent of nation's adult population")('2006060', 'April 15 article about compensation of former Exxon Mobil chief executive Lee R Raymond included outdated information on pay of Steven P Jobs of Apple Computer')('2006060', 'New York Yankees infielder Alex Rodriguez is sidelined with virus (M)/')('2006060', 'Photo of children playing game at Beachland Amusements, Staten Island arcade that is closing after 65 years')('2006060', 'Photo shows Maoist rebels gathering in Katmandu, Nepal, for their first mass rally there since 2003')('2006060', 'Elliot Goldenthal opera Grendel has first public preview at Los Angeles Opera after technical problems postponed opening (S)')('2006060', 'Photo of Manhattan College win over Nebraska University in NCAA baseball tournament3')('2006060', 'Mark A Stein Five Days column; Henry Paulson Jr, nominated by Pres Bush to succeed Treasury Secretary John Snow, is not expected to face significant opposition at his confirmation hearings; retailers posted robust sales in May and General Motors has said it will cut vehicle production in North America by 8.4 percent in third quarter; conflicting data from Conference Board and Institute for Supply Management clouded forecasts of whether Federal Reserve will raise interest rates; investors were upbeat after Kinder Morgan reported investors group wanted to take company private; NRG Energy rejected unsolicited takeover bid from Mirant Corp; photo (M)')('2006060', 'US sailor, William O Reese, is sentenced to life in prison for killing Japanese woman during robbery in Yokosuka on Jan 3 (S)')('2006060', 'Donna J Anton letter holds that her son, 19-year-old marine, is being sent to Iraq, and she fears that he will be killed')('2006060', 'Photo of some of 113 past Tony Award winners who gathered for reunion at Shubert Theater as part of 60th-anniversary celebration of awards')('2006060', "Bob Finger letter responds to David Brooks's June 1 Op-Ed column applauding Bush administration's policy on Iran")('2006060', 'Alexander Goldstein letter holds that there is pork in some of recent Homeland Security Dept urban grants, but New York Times overstates case; drawing (June 2 editorial)')('2006060', 'May 18 article about appointment of Kevin M Rampe as chairman of Lower Manhattan Development Corp misspelled name of building damaged on 9/11; it is Fiterman Hall')('2006060', "June 2 obituary about Raymond Davis Jr misspelled given name of survivor; she is Davis's daughter Martha Kumler")('2006060', 'George Mitchell, appointed to investigate steroid use in Major League Baseball, has not indicated whether he has contacted San Francisco Giants outfielder Barry Bonds (M)')('2006060', "Sandra Sizer letter complains about department stores that no longer carry women's petite clothing")('2006060', 'Photo of all 113 Tony winners who gathered at Shubert Theater; list of names')('2006060', "World Bank's new strategy for Pakistan forecasts double lending to country over next four years to as much as $6.5 billion; up to $1 billion would help with recovery from Oct 2005 earthquake (S)")('2006060', 'Richard L Gilbert letter holds that there is no way to satisfy true needs for homeland security as long as Iraq remains part of homeland')('2006060', 'High-profile Japanese investor Yoshiaki Murakami, is under investigation for suspected insider trading; Murakami and Internet billionaire Takafumi Horie, who has been charged, along with his company Livedoor with accounting fraud, have become popular symbols of free-wheeling brand of capitalism that has taken root in Tokyo; photo (M)')('2006060', 'Security Council votes to add 1,500 peacekeepers to 7,000 already in Ivory Coast as temporary help in political transition to elections in Oct (S)')('2006060', 'Suicide bomber blows up his car near Pakistani Army convoy in Waziristan, killing four soldiers and wounding seven (S)')('2006060', 'So who are these "food police" we\'re starting to hear so much about? The term has begun showing up in media accounts of campaigns to reform school lunch or in discussions of the food industry\'s growing legion of critics in the media. It\'s the "food police" who want to get soda out of the schools [...]')('2006060', "The first in a weeklong series of columns on how genes move and change. Flu virus, nasty troublemaker though it is, has only eight genes. The bacterium Mycoplasma genitalium has perhaps 500. Trypanosoma cruzi - the single-celled organism that causes Chagas' disease - clocks in with around 12,000 genes. Meanwhile, the fruit fly Drosophila melanogaster [...]")('2006060', "Many thanks to everyone who wrote in response to my first column. I'm afraid that I can't answer all of the questions that were raised - apologies - but I wanted to pick up on a couple of themes. A number of people wondered whether birds might not have evolved pregnancy because they fly. I'll [...]")('2006060', "Two recently opened restaurants that I've had a chance to visit aren't getting the attention I think they deserve.")('2006060', "On the front page of The New York Times today, Jere Longman looks at the problem of racism among fans, players and coaches in some European soccer leagues and reports on plans by the game's authorities to confront this intolerance head-on during the World Cup. While this news might seem to confirm all the worst [...]")('2006060', "You don't often associate The Daily News with coverage of the world game, but the meat-and-potatoes New York tabloid's best sports columnist, Filip Bondy, knows and loves soccer. In today's paper, he writes from Hamburg about the FIFI Wild Cup, FIFI being what the International Federation of Independent Football nations likes to call itself, rather [...]")('2006060', "Who's got it the worst as Germany 2006 draws nigh? The Americans, with their resolutely mediocre performance in two of three friendlies at home? The Czechs, with their aging players dropping out while tearfully lamenting the relentless passage of time? The Serbs and until recently Montenegrins, whose country is devolving even as they train for [...]")('2006060', "Bill Keller, the executive editor of The Times, responded last week to a few questions I had posed to him in preparing today's column about the May 23 article on the Clintons' relationship. His full responses wouldn't fit into today's column, but I think readers will find them informative as we look ahead to this [...]")('2006060', "Gilbert White's Selborne Journal: Tuesday, 4 June 1784: 29 8/10; 60, 67; E, E. Sun with gales, clouds & sun, sweet even: Pricked-out some good celeri-plants. Pricked out annuals. A pair of fern-owls haunt round the zigzag. Fiery-lily blows. Columbines make a fine show: this the third year of their blowing. VK: The zigzag is [...]")('2006060', 'Senator Clinton Criticizes Cut in Antiterror Financing By Anne E. Kornblut and Nicholas Confessore Ex-Federal Prosecutor Quits Race for Attorney General By Jonathan P. Hicks')('2006060', "So that great Manhattan rental is available, you tell the agent you want it, and suddenly it isn't available. How come this happens? There are lots of reasons, but one is that several agents from several companies are showing the same apartment. And it's not as though the top priority of every landlord - especially [...]")('2006060', 'Alice Elliott Dark article on chauffering her son and his friends to and from bar mitzvah parties, which gives them opportunities to gossip; drawing (M)')('2006060', 'Correction of May 28 article about business challenges facing Sony Corp (S)')('2006060', "Joseph Coladonato letter on Marc Bernstein's May 21 Op-Ed article on paying for education through taxation")('2006060', 'May 28 article about earmarks included erroneous amounts for Missouri Forest Foundation and Mystic Aquarium in Connecticut; Congress approved $750,000 for forest foundation and $400,000 for aquarium')('2006060', 'Mike Tsung letter contends that in')('2006060', "Article on controversy over Nantucket, landmark lighthouse ship that is tied to dock at Oyster Bay Harbor on Long Island; ship's supporters say it needs money and repairs; critics say it is eyesore and is damaging dock; Oyster Bay Waterfront Center, marine education group, is organizing visit of brigantine Corwith Cramer from Woods Hole, Mass, but Nantucket stands in way; photo (M)")('2006060', "Article on controversy over Nantucket, landmark lighthouse ship that is tied to dock at Oyster Bay Harbor on Long Island; ship's supporters say it needs money and repairs; critics say it is eyesore and is damaging dock; Oyster Bay Waterfront Center, marine education group, is organizing visit of brigantine Corwith Cramer from Woods Hole, Mass, but Nantucket stands in way; photo (M)")('2006060', 'Health officials report sharp increases in number of Lyme disease cases in Connecticut, New Jersey and Nassau County, NY, but sharp declines in Westchester County; say fluctuations are common and causes are difficult to pinpoint; say reported cases have been increasing over last decade partly because of greater awareness of the disease; photos; map (M)')('2006060', 'Riva Marcus letter on parking meter problem in Great Neck Plaza, NY')('2006060', 'David Hirshey World Cup 2006 column discusses national soccer teams, besides Brazil, that could win World Cup 2006; drawings (M)')('2006060', 'Daniel Asimov letter comments on A O Scott May 21 essay')('2006060', "Photo of New York Yankees' win against Baltimore Oriolesd")('2006060', "Editorial holds cheating scandal involving 20 dental students at University of Medicine and Dentistry of New Jersey has resulted in loss of confidence and trust among New Jersey taxpayers; calls on university to pay more attention to medicine and dentistry and less to wishes and desires of state's political leaders")('2006060', 'Cobble Hill Assn president C Murray Adams letter on May 28 editorial suggesting compromise on plans to build private housing in Brooklyn Bridge Park')('2006060', 'Dr Leslie C Norins letter holds that most bosses regard summer interns as financial loss to company (Anya Kamenetz May 30 Op-Ed article)')('2006060', 'The Week column; free Shakespeare in the park in Montauk may be cancelled this summer because members of Hamptons Shakespeare Festival have been shut out of county-owned cabins at Theodore Roosevelt County Park; cabins will be used to house officials and contractors renovating historic Third House; former Democratic Suffolk County legislator Wayne Prospect has been found guilty of receiving bribe and conspiracy in case involving county contracts; Suffolk County Executive Steve Levy is expected to sign bill that will require Planning Commission to notify residents about plans for major development projects within 1,000 feet of their homes; photos (M)')('2006060', 'Editorial scores power play among New York Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver, Senate majority leader Joseph Bruno and Gov George Pataki that is holding $50 million increase in Environmental Protection Fund hostage during annual state budget fiasco')('2006060', "Clare Higgins letter comments on May 14 article on Google's plans for digitized universal library")('2006060', "Wardrobe gurus Jesse Garza and Joe Lupo publish Nothing to Wear?, guide to defining and streamlining what you have to wear; My Mother's Wedding Dress by Justine Picardie is book of memories associated with clothing; photos (M)")('2006060', 'Lawrence Jackson letter comments on A O Scott May 21 essay')('2006060', 'Emilia Pisani letter comments on May 21 article on architecture of University of Virginia')('2006060', 'Op-Ed article by Port Authority of New York and New Jersey chairman Anthony Coscia calls on New York and New Jersey to revive partnership for construction of major transportation projects; holds failure to meet growing transportation crisis will force jobs and economic opportunities to other parts of US (M)')('2006060', 'Accessories designer Devi Kroell describes what she enjoys wearing; photo (M)')('2006060', 'Carol Giordano letter on May 14 editorial on changes in Newark, NJ, describes conditions in New Brunswick')('2006060', "Weekly roundup of news in Westchester County, NY; former boyfriend Ariel Menendez is convicted of rape and murder of North Salem teenager Elizabeth Butler; Westchester County Forest Regeneration Citizens' Task Force is forming to address issue of biodiversity, particularly as it relates to forests and landscapes where deer graze; Michael Crispinelli, 18, is arrested on several charges after high-speed pursuit and accident in Carmel, NY; photo of former Westchester District Attorney Jeanine Pirro as she accepts nomination for attorney general at party convention (M)")('2006060', "New York City Environmental Protection Comr Emily Lloyd letter on May 21 editorial on efforts to reduce nitrogen discharges into Long Island Sound; holds city's efforts must be complemented by regional endeavors")('2006060', 'Eileen Bach letter holds that paid foreign internships might draw talented young people from US permanently (Anya Kamenetz May 30 Op-Ed article)')('2006060', 'Equipment column discusses new products and clothing for golfers; photos (M)t')('2006060', 'Akiko Busch Home Work column on invisible fence system installed to keep dogs within property boundaries reflects on other invisible barriers, both psychological and physical, that keep neighbors away; drawing (M)')('2006060', 'Al Keith letter about May 28 article says Broadway has always represented step up from popular music of the day')('2006060', 'Alice Elliott Dark article on chauffering her son and his friends to and from bar mitzvah parties, which gives them opportunities to gossip; drawing (M)')('2006060', "Article on crumbling Victorian house in Bridgeport, Conn, once owned by late baseball hitter and orator James Henry O'Rourke; Midtown Equities plans to demolish house and build housing, stores and office space on property known as Steel Point; The First Hit, nonprofit group, has been unable to find alternative site for house; photos (M)")('2006060', 'Op-Ed article by AIDSmeds.com founder Peter Staley holds AIDS epidemic has changed in past 25 years and that New York State needs to adopt laws that would make HIV testing easier and more readily available')('2006060', "Article on crumbling Victorian house in Bridgeport, Conn, once owned by late baseball hitter and orator James Henry O'Rourke; Midtown Equities plans to demolish house and build housing, stores and office space on property known as Steel Point; The First Hit, nonprofit group, has been unable to find alternative site for house; photos (M)")('2006060', "Randi Brown letter comments on May 14 article on Google's plans for digitized universal library")('2006060', 'Brett Figliozzi letter holds that Anya Kamenetz addresses opportunity costs of taking position as lowly intern, but she does not discuss fierce social competitiveness among young people that is often motivator for seeking such experiences (May 30 Op-Ed article)')('2006060', 'Ed Grimm letter on May 28 article on changes Henry James observed when he returned to New York City century ago')('2006060', "Zach Marks letter disputes Anya Kamenetz contention that unpaid internships are 'fake jobs'; drawing (May 30 Op-Ed article)")('2006060', 'Residents and local officials are rankled over plan by Federal Aviation Administration to alter flight paths out of Westchester County-run airport in effort to ease delays at La Guardia, Kennedy, Newark, Teterboro and Philadelphia International Airport; say change will increase noise and adversely impact safety; photo (M)')('2006060', "MasterCard discloses that chief executive Robert Selander received 287,341 shares of restricted stock, worth almost $13 million, when company went public on May 25; says each of company's 4,400 employees received 100 shares, worth about $4,700 each, that will vest in three years; photo (S)")('2006060', 'David Carr article on Memorial Day weekend visits to beaches on Jersey Shore and Southampton, NY; drawing; photos (L)')('2006060', 'Emily DeNitto Quick Bite article on A&S Italian Fine Foods, delicatessen in Cortlandt Manor, NY (S)')('2006060', 'Beginning this week, New Jersey section will include news and features from entire New York metropolitan region outside New York City (S)')('2006060', 'M H Reed reviews The Patio restaurant in Briarcliff Manor, NY; photo (M)')('2006060', 'Alexandra Johnston Saab letter comments on May 21 article on Lebanese architect Bernard Khoury')('2006060', 'Ralph Goldstein letter holds that Sen John Kerry, by not answering scurrilous charges against him during 2004 presidential campaign, gave them validity and allowed Pres Bush and Vice Pres Dick Cheney, with little or no military experience, to seem more honorable (May 28 article)')('2006060', "Colchester 'T' Party leader Merja Lehtinen letter on need to control rising property taxes across Connecticut")('2006060', "World Cup 2006 column discusses six national men's soccer teams tha")('2006060', 'Beginning this week, Westchester setion will include news and features from entire New York metropolitan region outside New York City (S)')('2006060', 'Jason Papowitz letter about May 28 article asks whether quantity is same thing as quality in classical music')('2006060', 'Photo of helicopter after May 28 crash in Mattituck Inlet on Long Island Sound in which pilot and 15-year-old passenger sustained minor injuries')('2006060', 'David Carr article on Memorial Day weekend visits to beaches on Jersey Shore and Southampton, NY; drawing; photos (L)')('2006060', 'David Carr article on Memorial Day weekend visits to beaches on Jersey Shore and Southampton, NY; drawing; photos (L)')('2006060', 'Lisa Rogoff letter discusses value of unpaid internship for college students (Anya Kamenetz May 30 Op-Ed article)')('2006060', 'Parties and social gatherings around New York City and attendees noted (M)')('2006060', "Susan Novick article on Wolfie's Custard in Northport, NY (M)")('2006060', 'Equipment column discusses various upgrades serious cyclists can make to customize their bikes; photos (M)')('2006060', 'David Allred letter on May 28 article says increased inclusiveness in DC Comics feels forced')('2006060', "Correction of picture caption with article on book Andy Warhol 'Giant' Size")('2006060', 'South Korean court sentenced Daewoo founder and former chairman Kim Woo Choong to 10 years in prison for accounting fraud and ordered him to forfeit $22 billion; former Skandia executive Lars-Eric Petersson was found guilty of fraud and sentenced to two years in prison; Dutch court fined former Ahold chief executive Cees van der Hoeven and former finance chief A Michiel Meurs $288,000 each for accounting fraud but imposed no jail time (S)')('2006060', "Maureen Gabourie letter comments on Lisa Sanders's May 21 column on diagnosis of jimson weed poisoning")('2006060', 'Smoth & Wollensky Restaurant Group discloses new contract under which founder and longtime chairman and chief executive Alan Stillman could remain on payroll for another decade; company has made him beneficiary of one-fifth of $5 million insurance policy it holds on his life (S)')('2006060', 'Review of book Edelbrock: Made in USA by Tom Madigan; photo (M)')('2006060', 'Article on campaign led by local preservation advisory committee chairwoman Glorianne Robbi to protect Highfields, estate of Charles Lindbergh in East Amwell, NJ, from development; routine review has found that there are no conservation easements on property; photo (M)')('2006060', 'Akiko Busch Home Work column on invisible fence system installed to keep dogs within property boundaries reflects on other invisible barriers, both psychological and physical, that keep neighbors away; drawing (M)')('2006060', "Robin Finn The Island column on ongoing legal wrangling between Noel Feustel and elected officials in incorporated village of Saltaire on Fire Island, NY; Feustel's latest suit claims almost half of voters in village's May 26 election were dually registered there and on mainland, mostly in Manhattan, which is illegal; photo (M)")('2006060', 'Health officials report sharp increases in number of Lyme disease cases in Connecticut, New Jersey and Nassau County, NY, but sharp declines in Westchester County; say fluctuations are common and causes are difficult to pinpoint; say reported cases have been increasing over last decade partly because of greater awareness of the disease; photos; map (M)')('2006060', 'Editorial holds Long Island and New York City residents remain woefully unprepared in event of disaster; calls on federal government and Red Cross to coordinate simple message on what vital supplies residents need to stock')('2006060', 'Bill Marsano letter on May 28 article about grilling food says that headline was inappropriate')('2006060', 'Article describes how actor Ben Gazzara, in Clifford Odets play Awake and Sing!, uses barber tools to find and bring his character to life; photo (M)')('2006060', 'Sandy Sorlien letter comments on May 21 article on rebuilding of Biloxi, Miss, after Hurricane Katrina')('2006060', 'Article on campaign led by local preservation advisory committee chairwoman Glorianne Robbi to protect Highfields, estate of Charles Lindbergh in East Amwell, NJ, from development; routine review has found that there are no conservation easements on property; photo (M)')('2006060', 'Analysts estimate that Henry Paulson Jr, nominated by Pres Bush to succeed Treasury Secretary John Snow, has saved more than $2 million each year in taxes just on dividends from 4.5 million shares of Goldman Sachs stock he owns (S)')('2006060', "Photo of workers and horses preparing for day's races at Belmont Park racetrack in Floral Park, NY")('2006060', 'National Organization for Women-New York State Inc pres Marcia A Pappas letter urges New York State to pass legislation that will protect women from trafficking')('2006060', 'ON DAY')('2006060', "Article on controversy over Nantucket, landmark lighthouse ship that is tied to dock at Oyster Bay Harbor on Long Island; ship's supporters say it needs money and repairs; critics say it is eyesore and is damaging dock; Oyster Bay Waterfront Center, marine education group, is organizing visit of brigantine Corwith Cramer from Woods Hole, Mass, but Nantucket stands in way; photo (M)")('2006060', 'Steven A Ludsin letter on May 21 article on house concerts on Long Island')('2006060', 'Juliette Wells letter comments on A O Scott May 21 essay')('2006060', "Part 7 of Jaime Hernandez's comic strip La Maggie La Loca")('2006060', 'Article describes how actor David Wilmot, in Martin McDonagh play The Lieutenant of Inishmore, uses guns to find and bring his character to life; photo (M)')('2006060', 'Jimi Bernath letter comments on May 21 article on house in New Mexico designed by Steven Holl; photo')('2006060', 'Dick Margulis letter on May 28 article says he has long noticed that people move best through a crowded space when accompanied by music')('2006060', 'Winners for 2006 model year of Vehicle Satisfaction Awards from AutoPacific noted; photos (M)')('2006060', 'Benjamin Genocchio reviews paintings by Anselm Kiefer inspired by Russian visionary poet Velimer Chlebnikov, on view at Aldrich Contemporary Art Museum in Ridgefield, Conn; photos (M)')('2006060', 'Editor Gail Collins editorial on new editorial page in weekly Connecticut regional section')('2006060', 'Op-Ed article by Connecticut Communities for Drug-Free Youth board member David Pease holds now is time for state to focus on underage drinking; holds goal in preventing alcohol abuse should be to teach teens that drinking hurts their developing brains; calls on state to play leadership role in tackling issue (M)')('2006060', "Robby Ameen letter comments on May 14 article on Google's plans for digitized universal library")('2006060', 'Andrew Schultz letter on May 20 Count column holds calculation of costs of hybrid cars left out some benefits')('2006060', 'Seymour Becker letter contends that religion should not be promoted at baseball games (S)6')('2006060', 'Correction of May 14 review of book Strange Piece of Paradise by Terri Jentz')('2006060', 'Article describes how actress Sarah Jones uses pair of glasses and wool sweater to find and bring one of her characters to life; photo (M)')('2006060', 'Chris Morris letter comments on May 21 article on architecture of University of Virginia')('2006060', 'Review of book The Cobra in the Barn: Great Stories of Automotive Archaeology, by Tom Cotter; photo (M)')('2006060', 'Joanne Starkey reviews Tuscan House restaurant in Southampton, NY; photos (M)')('2006060', 'Some filmmakers have been forced to deal with death of star in middle of production; today, they can insert dead actor into almost any scene, thanks to digital technology; before computer revolution, they went to considerable lengths to cover up for actors who had died on job; some examples noted; photos (M)')('2006060', 'Editorial supports call by Repr Michael Lawlor and Sen Andrew McDonald to consider bill that would bring Connecticut state courts under reach of Freedom of Information Act')('2006060', "David Dax letter contends that injury to Kentucky Derby winner Barbaro has led to disingenuous outcry for horse's rights (S)")('2006060', 'David Chen On Politics column on online debate this summer sponsored by Hall Institute of Public Policy in New Jersey, new nonpartisan think tank in Trenton, between Democratic incumbent US Sen Robert Menendez and Republican challenger, State Sen Thomas Kean Jr (M)')('2006060', 'Article describes how actor Ian McDiarmid, in Brian Friel play Faith Healer, uses beer to find and bring his character to life;; photo (M)')('2006060', "Camille Terracciano letter on Vincent Mallozzi's May 28 Jersey column on possible slogans for New Jersey")('2006060', 'Robert P Thiobodeau letter comments on May 21 article on rebuilding of Biloxi, Miss, after Hurricane Katrina')('2006060', 'May 21 article about American obsession with halls of fame referred incorrectly to membership of Hall of Fame for Great Americans; it has at least three Jewish members')('2006060', 'Joseph Berger County Lines column on Aurelio Castano, resident of White Plains, NY, who has worked his way up from illegal day laborer from Colombia to successful artist and art instructor at Hispanic Resource Center of Larchmont and Mamaroneck; photo (M)')('2006060', 'Handbags and purses seen on street in New York City shown; photos (M)')('2006060', "Amy J Myers letter on Vincent Mallozzi's May 28 Jersey column on possible slogans for New Jersey")('2006060', 'New York Yankees infielder Jason Giambi is sidelined with stomach virus (M)0')('2006060', "Article on Bob Prout, funeral home director in Verona, NJ, who, along with other individuals and business owners, is taking advantage of solar rebates, part of New Jersey's Clean Energy Program; more than half of state's $165 million budget for program went to solar rebate program last year; photo (M)")('2006060', 'Article on campaign led by local preservation advisory committee chairwoman Glorianne Robbi to protect Highfields, estate of Charles Lindbergh in East Amwell, NJ, from development; routine review has found that there are no conservation easements on property; photo (M)')('2006060', "Anne Krantz letter comments on Lisa Sanders's May 21 column on diagnosis of jimson weed poisoning")('2006060', 'Editorial scores outgoing Newark Mayor Sharpe James, incoming Mayor Cory Booker and most of City Council for allowing sale of city property to developers seeking to make huge profits on multifamily homes; praises Councilman Ras Baraka for abstaining from voting on many deals and proposing moratorium on future sales')('2006060', "Michael C Lang letter comments on May 14 article on Google's plans for digitized universal library")('2006060', 'Health officials report sharp increases in number of Lyme disease cases in Connecticut, New Jersey and Nassau County, NY, but sharp declines in Westchester County; say fluctuations are common and causes are difficult to pinpoint; say reported cases have been increasing over last decade partly because of greater awareness of the disease; photos; map (M)')('2006060', 'Article on Lazer Park, arcade and laser tag business on West 46th Street in Times Square that is closing after nine years; photo (M)')('2006060', 'This Week column; Mayor Eddie Perez says three warring neighborhood gangs are behind recent rash of shootings in North End of Hartford, Conn, over last two weeks; city is adding extra police to violence-prone neighborhoods; new city policy that allows people to buy lower-priced parking permits at beach rather than government center results in higher number of beachgoers in Stamford over Memorial Day weekend; Stamford-based Purdue Pharma, maker of OxyContin, posts $10,000 reward for information leading to arrests in string of robberies at pharmacies in central Arizona; photos (M)')('2006060', 'Scott Stanfield letter comments on A O Scott May 21 essay')('2006060', 'Lisa Curran one-piece tank swimsuit for women adds new color options to classic design; photo (M)')('2006060', 'Review of book Rock & Roll Gearhead by Billy F Gibbons and Tom Vickers; photo (M)')('2006060', 'Health officials report sharp increases in number of Lyme disease cases in Connecticut, New Jersey and Nassau County, NY, but sharp declines in Westchester County; say fluctuations are common and causes are difficult to pinpoint; say reported cases have been increasing over last decade partly because of greater awareness of the disease; photos; map (M)')('2006060', 'Akiko Busch Home Work column on invisible fence system installed to keep dogs within property boundaries reflects on other invisible barriers, both psychological and physical, that keep neighbors away; drawing (M)')('2006060', 'Article on debate raised by decision by Connecticut Department of Motor Vehicles to stop sale of Choose Life license plates until State Attorney General Richard Blumenthal has finished inquiry; Elizabeth Rex, president and founder of Children First, says foundation used logo of another group, Choose Life, but that it is not otherwise affiliated; larger question is whether state should be in business of advocating or censoring messages in this way; photo (M)')('2006060', 'Op-Ed article by Port Authority of New York and New Jersey chairman Anthony Coscia calls on New York and New Jersey to revive partnership for construction of major transportation projects; holds failure to meet growing transportation crisis will force jobs and economic opportunities to other parts of US (M)')('2006060', 'Dr J DuPont letter on May 28 article about grilling food suggests that simple wood-fueled grills work very well')('2006060', 'Nancy King letter on May 28 article on vulnerability of incumbent Republican US Repr Sue Kelly of New York')('2006060', 'Article on Atlantic sturgeon, whose populations are starting to rebound as result of cleanup of Hudson River and strict fishing regulations enacted decade ago; Wildlife Conservation Society scientist Dan Erickson and colleagues are leading study of sturgeon migration in order to identify and reduce threats to their recovery; photos (M)')('2006060', 'Review of book Janet Guthrie: A Life at Full Throttle, by Janet Guthrie; photo (M)')('2006060', 'Review of book James Dean: From Passion for Speed to Immortality, by Philippe Defechereux; photo (M)')('2006060', 'Residents and local officials are rankled over plan by Federal Aviation Administration to alter flight paths out of Westchester County-run airport in effort to ease delays at La Guardia, Kennedy, Newark, Teterboro and Philadelphia International Airport; say change will increase noise and adversely impact safety; photo (M)')('2006060', 'Robert F Quinlin letter comments on May 21 article on house in New Mexico designed by Steven Holl; photo')('2006060', 'Reviews of car books for summer reading (S)')('2006060', "Stephanie Lyness reviews Mamoun's Falafel Restaurant in New Haven, Conn (M)")('2006060', 'Profile of and interview with members of Bouncing Souls, New Jersey punk band that is in its 18th year and has just released its seventh album; photo (M)')('2006060', 'Brad Bradford letter on May 28 On the Contrary column holds money cannot guarantee acquisition of knowledge')('2006060', 'Joseph Berger Connecticut Journal column on failed effort by Drs Alan Schiller and John Fallon to persuade commissioners in Rowayton, Conn, to change way annual parking passes at local train station are doled out; photo (M)')('2006060', 'Mark N Grant letter on May 28 article says to improve quality of Broadway musicals, adaptations from other sources should be banned')('2006060', 'Article describes how actor Richard Griffiths, in Alan Bennett play The History Boys, uses a soft book, with which he smacks his students, to find and bring his character to life; photo (M)')('2006060', "Article on crumbling Victorian house in Bridgeport, Conn, once owned by late baseball hitter and orator James Henry O'Rourke; Midtown Equities plans to demolish house and build housing, stores and office space on property known as Steel Point; The First Hit, nonprofit group, has been unable to find alternative site for house; photos (M)")('2006060', "Article on Surflight Theater production of Rodgers and Hart's The Boys From Syracuse, based on Shakespeare's The Comedy of Errors, and Shakespeare Theater of New Jersey's production of Tom Stoppard's Rosencrantz and Guildenstern Are Dead, fracturing of Shakespeare's Hamlet; directors Steve Steiner and Paul Mullins comment; photos (M)")('2006060', 'John Robert Greene letter holds that good college internship experience is far less about what student earns than what student learns (Anya Kamenetz May 30 Op-Ed article)')('2006060', 'Benjamin Genocchio reviews paintings by Anselm Kiefer inspired by Russian visionary poet Velimer Chlebnikov, on view at Aldrich Contemporary Art Museum in Ridgefield, Conn; photos (M)')('2006060', "The Week column on news in New Jersey; State Superior Court grants temporary restraining order against Newark as City Council was about to vote on resolution to sell city-owned Science High School property, oldest remaining piece of Peter Ballantine & Sons Ale Brewery, to basketball star Shaquille O'Neal for high-rise luxury condominium complex; Sierra Club endorses Assemblywoman Linda Stender, who is trying to unseat Republican US Repr Mike Ferguson; majority of Colombian voters living in New Jersey vote to re-elect Pres Alvaro Uribe; photo (M)")('2006060', 'Alice Elliott Dark article on chauffering her son and his friends to and from bar mitzvah parties, which gives them opportunities to gossip; drawing (M)')('2006060', "Editorial calls on New York State Assembly to approve bill sponsored by Assemblyman Adam Bradley that would allow State University of New York at Purchase to lease 54 campus acres for 'senior learning community'")('2006060', 'Benjamin Genocchio reviews photographs by Man Ray on view at Heckscher Museum in Huntington, NY; photos (M)')('2006060', 'New York Yankees defeat Baltimore Orioles, 6-5, in extra innings; photo (M)1')('2006060', "Article on controversy over Nantucket, landmark lighthouse ship that is tied to dock at Oyster Bay Harbor on Long Island; ship's supporters say it needs money and repairs; critics say it is eyesore and is damaging dock; Oyster Bay Waterfront Center, marine education group, is organizing visit of brigantine Corwith Cramer from Woods Hole, Mass, but Nantucket stands in way; photo (M)")('2006060', 'Apparel company Under introduces tanks and short-sleeve T-shirts trimmed in lace in variety of colors; photos (M)')('2006060', 'Op-Ed article by AIDSmeds.com founder Peter Staley holds AIDS epidemic has changed in past 25 years and that New York State needs to adopt laws that would make HIV testing easier and more readily available')('2006060', 'Beginning this week, Long Island section will include news and features from entire New York Metropolitan region outside New York City (S)')('2006060', 'Akiko Busch Home Work column on invisible fence system installed to keep dogs within property boundaries reflects on other invisible barriers, both psychological and physical, that keep neighbors away; drawing (M)')('2006060', 'Hello Sunshine] self-tanning face puffs are available at Bath & Body Works; photo (S)')('2006060', "Aldo Vitagliano letter disputes Kate Stone Lombardi's May 28 County Lines column about Port Chester, NY, and May 14 article about suburbs")('2006060', 'Robert Blair Kaiser letter comments on May 14 Ethicist column on refusing request of 98-year-old woman who wanted to install stairway lift in Cape Cod cottage')('2006060', 'Alice Elliott Dark article on chauffering her son and his friends to and from bar mitzvah parties, which gives them opportunities to gossip; drawing (M)')('2006060', 'Article on debate raised by decision by Connecticut Department of Motor Vehicles to stop sale of Choose Life license plates until State Attorney General Richard Blumenthal has finished inquiry; Elizabeth Rex, president and founder of Children First, says foundation used logo of another group, Choose Life, but that it is not otherwide affiliated; larger question is whether state should be in business of advocating for any cause that meets its broad requirements for vanity plates; phot')('2006060', 'Gina G Moffitt letter comments on May 21 article on house in New Mexico designed by Steven Holl; photo')('2006060', 'Defense Sec Donald H Rumsfeld tells gathering of defense experts in Singapore that Iran is a leader in terrorism, and questions why Russia and China would allow Iran to participate in Shanghai Cooperation Organization, group including Central Asian states that has among its stated goals countering separatist and terrorist groups (M)')('2006060', 'Op-Ed article by New York Civil Liberties Union executive director Donna Lieberman on suit filed by six Suffolk County female police officers charging discrimination for failure to provide them with bulletproof vests and gun belts that fit while they are pregnant and on patrol or to give them light-duty assignments (M)')('2006060', 'Charles Peebler Jr, chairman of Interpublic unit True North Communications, helped to raise more than $1 million at dinner in Manhattan to benefit Society for Progressive Supranuclear Palsy; Peebler has condition, degenerative disease of brainstem for which there is no cure; photo (S)')('2006060', 'Alan V Abrams letter disputes contention that charges of Swift boat group cost Sen John Kerry 2004 presidential election')('2006060', 'Karla Cook reviews Blue Bottle Cafe in Hopewell, NJ; photos (M)')('2006060', "Photos of famous athletes' handsi")('2006060', 'Article on campaign led by local preservation advisory committee chairwoman Glorianne Robbi to protect Highfields, estate of Charles Lindbergh in East Amwell, NJ, from development; routine review has found that there are no conservation easements on property; photo (M)')('2006060', 'Editorial scores power play among New York Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver, Senate majority leader Joseph Bruno and Gov George Pataki that is holding $50 million increase in Environmental Protection Fund hostage during annual state budget fiasco')('2006060', 'Anti-Discrimination Center of Metro New York exec dir Craig Gurian letter criticizes federal, state and local governments for failing to work for racial integration in Yonkers')('2006060', 'Beginning this week, Connecticut section will include news and features from entire New York metropolitan region outside New York City (S)')('2006060', "Nassau County Executive Thomas Suozzi, during stop at park in Buffalo, vows to move foward with campaign shortly after party officials overwhelmingly endorse fellow Democrat, Attorney General Eliot Spitzer, for September primary; seeks to portray Spitzer's unanimous support from Democratic Party leaders gathered in Buffalo for state party convention as political shackle that would prevent him from making needed changes in state government; photo (M)")('2006060', 'Behind the Wheel column review of 2007 Jaguar XK; photos; chart (M)')('2006060', "Daniel C Maguire letter holds that if it takes millions of dollars to give CEO's incentive to do their job, they should look for work that they are more interested in")('2006060', 'Miami Heat and player Alonzo Mourning prepare to face Dallas Mavericks in NBA finals; photo (M)')('2006060', 'Article describes how actor Peter Francis James, playing Sec of State Colin Powell in David Hare play Stuff Happens, uses portfolio and eyeglasses to find and bring his character to life; photo (M)')('2006060', 'Patricia Brooks reviews Chocopologie, chocolate-themed cafe in South Norwalk, Conn; photos (M)')('2006060', 'Editorial holds Long Island and New York City residents remain woefully unprepared in event of disaster; calls on federal government and Red Cross to coordinate simple message on what vital supplies residents need to stock')('2006060', 'Kevin Coyne Jersey column on New Jersey as place that is used as standard of measurement for everywhere else; photo (M)')('2006060', 'Article describes how actress LaChanze, in musical The Color Purple, uses braided wig to find and bring her character to life;; photo (M)')('2006060', 'David Carr article on Memorial Day weekend visits to beaches on Jersey Shore and Southampton, NY; drawing; photos (L)')('2006060', 'Dwight K Oxley letter contends that Kansas City Royals may be example of small-market team that pockets money it earns in revenue sharing and luxury tax, instead of using it to improve team (S)')('2006060', 'Michigan State University Prof Richard N Block letter holds that most unpaid internships are illegal (Anya Kamenetz May 30 Op-Ed article)')('2006060', "Letter by Ronen Segev, artistic director of Ten O'Clock Classics, about May 28 article says supply of gifted musicians from conservatories is strong while demand is weak")('2006060', 'Op-Ed article by AIDSmeds.com founder Peter Staley holds AIDS epidemic has changed in past 25 years and that New York State needs to adopt laws that would make HIV testing easier and more readily available')('2006060', 'Residents and local officials are rankled over plan by Federal Aviation Administration to alter flight paths out of Westchester County-run airport in effort to ease delays at La Guardia, Kennedy, Newark, Teterboro and Philadelphia International Airport; say change will increase noise and adversely impact safety; photo (M)')('2006060', "Article on crumbling Victorian house in Bridgeport, Conn, once owned by late baseball hitter and orator James Henry O'Rourke; Midtown Equities plans to demolish house and build housing, stores and office space on property known as Steel Point; The First Hit, nonprofit group, has been unable to find alternative site for house; photos (M)")('2006060', "Russell Scanlon letter holds that as supporter of Sen John Kerry's presidential bid in 2004, he is relieved that Kerry is finally responding to lies circulated by Swift Boat Veterans for Truth")('2006060', 'Todd Hemphill letter conte')('2006060', 'David Tomlin letter comments on May 21 article on house in New Mexico designed by Steven Holl; photo')('2006060', 'Equipment column discusses new and smaller electronic devices designed to help athlete train better; photos (M)')('2006060', 'Editorial scores power play among New York Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver, Senate majority leader Joseph Bruno and Gov George Pataki that is holding $50 million increase in Environmental Protection Fund hostage during annual state budget fiasco')('2006060', "The second in a weeklong series of columns on how genes move and change. Though most of us don't think about ourselves this way, animals like us are typically constructed of two genomes - the genome of the cell nucleus (this is the main one, and what most people mean when they speak of the [...]")('2006060', "I've spent the past month or so in a haze. I've reached a state where I've become so numb with it all I am metamorphosing into a plant, spending most of my time pretending to read for an ever-looming final exam but actually either watching TV half-naked (too hot for anything else) while there is [...]")('2006060', 'Weld spokeswoman Andrea Tantaros says this evening: "Party leaders who Bill Weld respects have made the call for unity, and we\'re giving them the serious consideration that they deserve." She wouldn\'t expand, but other Weld advisers frame the state of play thusly: The Weld camp is split, with Mr. Weld preferring to fight on as [...]')('2006060', 'Sean Patrick Maloney (Alan Zale for The New York Times) Sean Patrick Maloney has prided himself on learning New York pretty well during his campaign for attorney general. But he may have a little more to learn, at least about New York City. His campaign announced that he will begin his petitioning to get a [...]')('2006060', 'That was apparently the score in today\'s closed-door scrimmage in Hamburg, but as SI/CNN points out, "It was unclear who scored for the Americans because the team didn\'t wear numbers and the match was closed to the media." Claudio Reyna and Tim Howard were said to have played for the Americans, but, according to SI/CNN, [...]')('2006060', "As buyout firms scramble to tap the public markets, The National Post offers the cautionary tale of Onex. Described as North America's only publicly traded buyout firm, Onex has racked up annual compound returns of 27 percent on its investments over the past 22 years. Its stockholders have not done quite so well, however. Onex's [...]")('2006060', 'It would appear the end is near for Bill Weld\'s candidacy - or else his friends in the G.O.P. are orchestrating a massive ploy to abandon Mr. Weld publicly so he can declare himself the underdog and fight on in that new role. New York Republican national committman Alexander "Sandy" Treadwell, who told me on [...]')('2006060', 'Tom Suozzi held a news conference this morning at 44th and 8th, gloriously close to the mother ship. He accused his rival for the Democratic nomination for governor, Eliot Spitzer, of making $32 billion-plus in promises and having no way to pay for them - except with higher taxes once in office. He blamed the [...]')('2006060', 'John Tierney, the New York Times Op-Ed columnist, takes on an unfortunate class of New Yorker, those wealthy citizens who have been forced out of their rent controlled apartments. (The piece is behind the TimesSelect wall.) He is reacting to a New Yorker article by Nora Ephron, writer and movie director, who was paying $1,500 [...]')('2006060', 'It sounds like a fancy way of saying "trailer home" for people who are land-rich and cash-poor, but Carol Lloyd of The San Francisco Chronicle thinks she may have spotted the next big thing: Yurts. Yurts are the tents of Mongolian nomads. (They use the word ger.) A Los Angeles couple is selling them, and [...]')('2006060', 'Trophy houses - those selling for more than $5 million and more typically in the double digits - can stay on the market for years, according to an article in The San Francisco Chronicle. The story tries to make a case that it is harder to move the properties now as interest rates rise, but [...]')('2006060', 'Those moving from a private house to a multiple dwelling might find themselves bedeviled - make that tortured - by noise and odors generated by their neighbors and by the building itself. The Minneapolis Star Tribune ran this excellent piece on the suffering of people buying luxury condominiums. Shoddy construction - coupled with lax Minnesota [...]')('2006060', 'Edward Leamer, an economics professor at UCLA, gave his prognosis on real estate to the L.A. Times. "We have a sick sector, the housing sector, and there\'s not a whole lot of medicine the Fed can provide." Leamer\'s group sees declining home sales contributing to a broad economic slowdown that bottoms out at 2% growth [...]')('2006060', 'William Weld (Nathaniel Brooks for The New York Times) G.O.P. chairman Steve Minarik just told me he will call on Bill Weld to drop out of the race for governor this afternoon. Mr. Weld is huddling with his advisers in Manhattan today to figure out the next step. Mr. Minarik said he spoke with Mr. [...]')('2006060', 'IDG Ventures Europe has broken off from its former parent company and renamed itself Acacia Capital Partners, PE Week Wire reported on Monday. The move represents a retreat from the Continent for International Data Group, the Massachusetts-based publisher of technology magazines that started the venture-capital outfit in 2000 and committed $100 million to it. In [...]')('2006060', 'Boston-based Goodwin Procter on Monday announced that three private equity partners from law firm Hogan & Hartson would join its Washington office. The new lawyers are J. Hovey Kemp, Christopher J. Hagan and James A. Hutchinson. Click here for the press release, or see below: Goodwin Procter Adds Three Private Equity Partners from Hogan & [...]')('2006060', 'As the Iraqis stand up, we\'ll stand down: At Slate, John Dickerson and Dahlia Lithwick suggest letting Iraqis use their own legal system to try the American soldiers suspected of committing the Haditha massacre. "Doing this would probably be politically idiotic, and maybe even legally impossible. But it isn\'t without legal precedent," Dickerson and Lithwick [...]')('2006060', 'Intel has put several communications businesses on the block, according to the San Jose Mercury News, which cited anonymous sources who said they have seen documents describing the businesses that are up for sale. The report, published over the weekend, comes shortly after Intel made an announcement intended to squelch rumors that it was considering [...]')('2006060', 'I have strangely mixed feelings about California chardonnays. On the whole, I tend to avoid them, especially the tropical-fruit-oak-bomb kinds of wines, with sides of butter and popcorn. Talk about a full monty! These are the equivalent of plaid polyester double-knits, wines that would make you laugh except that so many people seem to like [...]')('2006060', 'Apparently Iran\'s Croatian coach Branko Ivankovic did not get the memo. Today Ivankovic told Reuters that President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad would indeed come to Germany to support the team if it reaches the knockout stage of the World Cup. You may recall from an earlier post here that Ahmadinejad "is not going to the games - [...]')('2006060', "Governor Pataki (James Estrin/The New York Times) So, Gov. George E. Pataki had some setbacks at the Republican convention last week. William F. Weld, the candidate he was pushing behind the scenes, suffered a lopsided defeat among the delegates. Some delegates drifted out of the Hofstra Arena as he spoke. But it didn't keep Governor [...]")('2006060', 'Perhaps all of the questions in the Morning Buzz will be answered by this afternoon. State G.O.P. Chairman Steve Minarik is holding a press conference at his Rochester office at 3 p.m., and the word going around Republican circles is that he will call on Bill Weld to drop out of the race in the [...]')('2006060', 'You have just won one of the biggest, most breathlessly covered white-collar crime trials of the past decade. What are you going to do? For members of the Enron Task Force, the answer might be to go into private practice and pull down a huge paycheck. Government lawyers who prevail in high-profile prosecutions often move [...]')('2006060', 'Readers respond to Bob Herbert\'s June 5 column, "Untapped Talent" Liz Lenton, New York: There is no question that Boston and other major cities are littered with failed job-training programs. There are only so many jobs for nursing aides and H.V.A.C. technicians. I used to review proposals for some of these programs, and the tired [...]')('2006060', 'Readers respond to David Brooks\'s June 4 column, "Good Intentions, Bad Policy" Michael Whitley, Houston: Please don\'t use the term \'liberal\' to castigate ideas. The nation is polarized enough by this poor kind of claptrap. Call an idea by its real name: a bad one. Your points are well taken and the ones you support [...]')('2006060', 'Last year, a British judge called UBS proprietary trader Jon Wood "unreliable," "evasive" and a "very hard and calculating man." Still, investors seem to be quite willing to put money into Mr. Wood\'s next project: a $6 billion hedge fund. If he hits his target, Mr. Wood\'s launch would be the biggest-ever fund debut in [...]')('2006060', 'A Quinnipiac University poll released today shows Arizona Senator John McCain and former New York City Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani potentially drawing some bipartisan support. The poll, which the university called a "national thermometer", asked 1,534 registered voters to rate 19 national leaders from 0 to 100 on a "feeling thermometer," with higher numbers reflecting [...]')('2006060', 'A bank holding company, the Sterling Financial Corporation of Spokane, Wash., said on Monday it would buy the FirstBank NW Corporation, a savings & loan that operates in Washington, Idaho and Oregon, for $169.6 million. Go to Article from Reuters via Yahoo » Go to News Release from Sterling Financial via Yahoo »')('2006060', 'In this lesson, students consider their own family history of languages and investigate local and regional resources available to immerse themselves in a foreign language and culture. For homework, they write applications seeking an imaginary grant that will fund their endeavors.')('2006060', 'Aramark, the food-services company that recently agreed to a $6 billion buyout led by its management, said Monday it had acquired SeamlessWeb Professional Solutions, an online provider of food and related services. Financial terms of the deal were not disclosed. Go to Article from Reuters via Yahoo » Go to News Release from Aramark via [...]')('2006060', 'Is it 2008 yet? Salon Washington bureau chief Walter Shapiro takes his one-car caravan to New Hampshire, where he watches Russ Feingold and Mark Warner address the state Democratic convention. The Wisconsin senator and the former Virginia governor - "representing the purist and pragmatic wings of the party" - are "unquestionably" the two potential Democratic [...]')('2006060', 'When Sun Microsystems announced last week that it would ditch its poison pill anti-takeover provision, it was hardly alone. Thanks in part to pressure from institutional activist shareholders, including hedge funds, the proportion of companies with active poison pills has recently declined for the first time in many years, according to Institutional Shareholder Services, a [...]')('2006060', 'Level 3 Communications, a provider of dial-up and broadband Internet service, said on Monday it had agreed to buy a data transport services company, Looking Glass Networks, for $96 million. Go to Article from The Associated Press via Yahoo » Go to Article from Reuters » Go to News Release from Level 3 via Yahoo [...]')('2006060', "In a variation on the recent trend of real estate investment trusts going private, Trizec Properties and Trizec Canada said Monday they had agreed to be acquired by commercial real estate company Brookfield Properties and private equity firm Blackstone Group for $8.9 billion. Trizec's portfolio of office buildings includes the Renaissance Tower in Dallas; Brookfield [...]")('2006060', "As it prepares to kick off its much-anticipated World Cup coverage this week, Univision's sale process is going into overtime. The Spanish-language broadcaster, which announced in February it was up for sale, has delayed the deadline for first-round bids, Bloomberg News and Reuters reported late Friday. The offers are now due June 20, compared with [...]")('2006060', 'American Medical Systems Holdings has agreed to buy Laserscope for $715 million to expand in the urology products market, the companies said on Monday. Go to Article from Reuters via Yahoo » Go to News Release from American Medical via Yahoo »')('2006060', 'The Gannett Company said on Monday it had agreed to buy an Atlanta television station for $180 million from the Tribune Company, creating the third market in the United States in which Gannett owns multiple stations. Go to Article from Reuters via Yahoo » Go to News Release from Gannett via Yahoo »')('2006060', 'John Faso accepting his party\'s nomination. (Mary Altaffer/Associated Press) Gov. George E. Pataki told the G.O.P. candidate for governor, John Faso, on Thursday that Republican leaders would wait "for the dust to settle" from last week\'s convention before trying to tackle some hard questions. For Faso, at least, enough dust has cleared to seek answers [...]')('2006060', 'The natural gas producer, Chesapeake Energy Corporation said on Monday it had agreed to acquire 39,000 acres of Barnett Shale properties in Texas plus current production for $845 million in cash from the Four Sevens Oil Company. Go to Article from Reuters via Yahoo » Go to Article from The Associated Press via Yahoo » [...]')('2006060', 'South Korea\'s World Cup success in 2002 and its return to the tournament this year has prompted Koreans to reflect on how the World Cup experience has changed their national character. Today, in an op-ed piece in the English-language edition of JoongAn Daily, professor of psychology Kwak Keum-joo noted, "We had thought that we were [...]')('2006060', "Something we haven't seen in a while: a relatively big overseas club interested in signing an American. According to reports from Britain yesterday and today, UEFA Cup finalist Middlesbrough of the English Premier League is close to signing the U.S. defender Oguchi Onyewu away from his current club, Standard Liege of Belgium. Two years ago, [...]")('2006060', "The other friendly match today, the one that unlike U.S.-Angola was played out in the open with people allowed to watch, pitted Ukraine against Libya at Gossau, Switzerland. The Ukrainians won, 3-0. Ukraine's chances at this World Cup are good, and fans who are old enough to remember Oleg Blokhin from the days when he [...]")('2006060', "The Walgreen Company said on Monday it had agreed to buy the Delaware-based Happy Harry's chain of 76 pharmacies for an undisclosed amount, its largest acquisition in 20 years. Go to Article from Reuters via Yahoo » Go to News Release from Walgreens via Yahoo »")('2006060', 'International Paper said on Tuesday that it would sell its coated paper business to a unit of Apollo Management for $1.4 billion in a continuing effort to streamline its business operations. The deal includes four mills in Maine, Michigan and Minnesota, which generated $1.6 billion in sales last year, according to an International Paper press [...]')('2006060', 'A story about copyrights on digital pictures really rings the bell on the Ridiculous meter.')('2006060', 'A consortium led by the investment bank Goldman Sachs Group is preparing a 10 billion pound ($18.7 billion) bid for the British airport operator BAA, Reuters reported. Goldman Sachs is considering a bid for BAA but will hold off on any move, with the Spanish construction firm Grupo Ferrovial expected to raise its offer on [...]')('2006060', "Gilbert White's Selborne Journal: Saturday, 5 June 1784: 29 6/10 1/2; 64 1/2, 70; N, NE; 79. Sun, sultry, vast drops, distant thunder, vast hail!!!! fine even: Blue mist. Much damage done to the corn, grass, & hops by the hail; & many windows broken! Vast flood at Gracious street! Vast flood at Kaker bridge! [...]")('2006060', 'A New Jersey mailman arrested last month for leaking secret grand jury information to an insider-trading ring was released from jail yesterday. The mailman, Jason Smith, 29, found six people to provide his $3 million bond and his father has agreed to pay more than $160,000 in cash if his son flees, a source familiar [...]')('2006060', "A federal jury in San Diego awarded Nortel Networks $47.4 million in punitive damages in a copyright infringement case against telecommunications retailer Platinum Networks and its president. Brampton, Ont.-based Nortel sued San Diego-based Platinum in 2004 alleging the company had stolen software that unlocks certain premium features in Nortel's phone systems. Go to Article from [...]")('2006060', 'A New York hedge fund is demanding to see certain books and records of Houston Exploration, saying the company\'s board of directors has demonstrated "repeated and potentially actionable disregard" for its duties to shareholders. Jana Partners, which owns 9.9 percent of the company\'s shares, requested a wide range of records, including those related to royalty [...]')('2006060', "Yahoo said Friday its board of directors has shrunk the annual salary of its chairman and chief executive, Terry Semel, to $1, while raising his overall future compensation through stock options and grants. Following in Google's footsteps, Yahoo said its board had approved a long-term executive retention plan Wednesday in which Mr. Semel will receive [...]")('2006060', "Acme Packet, a V.O.I.P. infrastructure firm, has filed for an $85 million I.P.O., clearly unfazed by the disastrous stock market debut of IP telephone service provider Vonage Holdings. Vonage joined the N.Y.S.E. on May 24 at $17 and immediately hit the skids. The VOIP service provider's share price closed Friday at $11.98. But Acme seems [...]")('2006060', 'The journey from the collapse of Enron to Kenneth L. Lay\'s conviction was anything but predictable. Instead, it was a long and arduous legal journey for federal prosecutors, filled with false leads and evidentiary dry holes. The public widely perceived the criminal case against Mr. Lay to have been a "can\'t lose" proposition, similar to [...]')('2006060', "Europe's central bank said that hedge funds are a major risk to the stability of financial markets, and demanded greater transparency for the massive industry, according to a report Friday. In its financial stability review, the European Central Bank said that the collapse of a single major fund or several smaller funds could trigger major [...]")('2006060', 'A federal judge granted final approval yesterday to a $153 million settlement between the accounting firm KPMG and about 200 investors who bought questionable tax shelters. In his opinion, Judge Dennis M. Cavanaugh of Federal District Court in Newark, called the settlement "fair, reasonable and adequate." Go to Article from The New York Times »')('2006060', "J.P. Morgan Chase had no analysts in India four years ago. Now, the bank has 80. The group accounts for 14 percent of New York-based J.P. Morgan's research staff and illustrates a growing trend. Estimates put India's analyst ranks at 5,700, up from 300 in 2002. Securities firms are leaning on India's expanding pool of [...]")('2006060', 'A well-known Japanese fund manager was arrested Monday after acknowledging he had engaged in insider trading in an unfolding case that is drawing intense attention in this nation, where aggressive investment funds are still relatively rare. The fund manager, Yoshiaki Murakami, president of MAC Asset Management, rose to fame as an outspoken proponent of investor [...]')('2006060', 'Airbus, which has been engaged in a dispute over trade subsidies with its rival Boeing, filed suit in a United States court on Friday, asking that a law firm representing Boeing be excluded from the case because of a conflict of interest. In a filing in Superior Court of the District of Columbia, Airbus contended [...]')('2006060', "The Justice Department is expected to announce as early as Monday that Austria's Bawag P.S.K. Group has agreed to pay $675 million to settle a federal investigation of the 2005 collapse of Refco, one of the world's largest commodities brokerages, according to The Wall Street Journal. The expected settlement comes after contentious negotiations. Refco went [...]")('2006060', "Forget built to last. These days Internet entrepreneurs build companies to sell. Their motivation is fueled by Google and friends' recent shopping sprees for early-stage Internet startups, many bought before the companies raised a dime of venture capital. The frenzy is reminiscent of 1999, when Microsoft and AOL were gobbling up newbies. It's an appealing [...]")('2006060', "Former executives looking to strike out on their own always played a role in the private equity industry, with a number of firms employing business models that rely on backing talented operating partners. But the sector's newly glittering profile is making it more attractive than ever for wannabe entrepreneurs. Industry experts say that is in [...]")('2006060', "Goldman Sachs Capital Partners has agreed to acquire iHealth Technologies, which helps insurance companies process medical claims, from the company's founder, Doug Williams, said LBO Wire, citing an unidentified source. Financial details of the deal, which was approved by the Federal Trade Commission recently, were not available. The buyer is deploying GS Capital Partners V, [...]")('2006060', "Aiming to invest a portion of the millions of dollars flowing into alternative energy and environmentally sound technologies, a group of North Carolina investors is raising $30 million toward a venture capital fund targeted at eco-friendly companies. If successful, the fund would be SJF Ventures' second cash pool. SJF, which invests in clean technology, business [...]")('2006060', 'Noro-Moseley Partners, the oldest venture capital firm in the Southeast, has started raising a $200 million fund, its first since the dot-com crash. The general partner, Charles Johnson, says he and his team have identified a potential lead investor already, and have been "well-received" by others. He hopes fund raising - a sometimes grueling process [...]')('2006060', 'New Enterprise Associates is pulling together a $2.5 billion venture capital fund, the firm\'s 12th. The Baltimore firm filed documents with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 15 detailing its intent to make "investments in new and emerging growth-oriented businesses." New Enterprise Associates 12 was incorporated in April and has attracted 174 accredited investors [...]')('2006060', 'A New York-based fitness chain, Town Sports International Holdings, a portfolio company of Bruckmann, Rosser, Sherrill, priced its initial public offering Friday at $13 a share, well below its expected $16 to $18 range, and opened on Nasdaq. The 8.9 million share issue will generate $116.3 million in gross proceeds, and it gave the company [...]')('2006060', 'Nearly two years after pulling the plug on an initial public offering, nutritional supplements supplier GNC, which is owned by Apollo Management, is trying again. GNC has filed to raise up to $400 million on the public markets. The Pittsburgh-based company did not say how many shares are being offered or at what price, although [...]')('2006060', "DLF Universal, the real estate developer owned by an Indian billionaire, K.P. Singh, plans to raise as much as $3 billion in the nation's biggest share sale, Bloomberg News reported. The company, which announced the sale in April, will begin marketing the shares to international investors after receiving regulatory approval, Bloomberg said. The sale may [...]")('2006060', 'Bloomberg columnist Matthew Lynn thinks that Goldman Sachs\'s growing political clout is not such a hot prospect. Forget "The Da Vinci Code." If you want to get to grips with a real conspiracy, take a look at all the Goldman Sachs Group staffers taking over important economic positions around the world. The United States Treasury, [...]')('2006060', 'In the network-equipment industry these days, every vendor is involved in "the conversation." The conversation is about mergers and acquisitions. Executives repeatedly say there are too many suppliers chasing an increasingly smaller base of customers. Without consolidation, they\'ve said, excess competition would keep a lid on prices - and profits. But whether the deals deliver [...]')('2006060', "Montreal-based cable operator Cogeco Cable said Friday it is buying Portugal's Cabovisao-Televisao por Cabo from its insolvent Canadian parent, Cable Satisfaction International, for 656 million Canadian dollars ($595.9 million). Cabovisao is an indirect, wholly owned subsidiary of Longieul, Quebec-based CSII, and it is the second-largest cable operator in Portugal. Cabovisao provides cable and Internet services [...]")('2006060', 'Cathay Pacific, the largest airline in Hong Kong, is in advanced talks to buy out a smaller rival, Dragonair, according to media reports. Cathay is close to buying Dragonair in a deal worth at least 10 billion Hong Kong dollars ($1.29 billion), the Hong Kong Standard business newspaper reported Monday. The acquisition would help Cathay [...]')('2006060', 'Unitab, Australia\'s second-largest gambling company, rejected an unsolicited bid of 1.9 billion Australian dollars ($1.4 billion) from Tabcorp, saying it favored an agreed-upon offer by Tattersall\'s. Tabcorp\'s bid is "inadequate" and does not pay a premium for winning control of a rival, Brisbane-based Unitab said today. Unitab prefers Melbourne-based Tattersall\'s bid of 1.7 billion Australian [...]')('2006060', 'Tom Ryan, the chief executive of CVS, whose $2.93 billion purchase of 700 Osco and Sav-On pharmacies was expected to close on Friday, says the company is in the market for more acquisitions. Mr. Ryan told The Wall Street Journal that he is unfazed by the recent downgrading of CVS debt by credit agencies that [...]')('2006060', "Piper Jaffray lost its asset-management operation after it split from U.S. Bancorp in the late 1990's. Now the chief executive, Andrew Duff, appears to want it back. While it is too late to regain Piper Capital Management, which merged into U.S. Bank's First American Asset Management in 1998, Mr. Duff may be hunting around to [...]")('2006060', 'the memory chip maker Micron Technology raised its bid for Lexar Media by about 5 percent Friday to quell shareholder opposition, but the new terms were rejected by the billionaire investor Carl Icahn, and shares of both firms fell. "I still think it\'s too little, and we are going to continue to talk to other [...]')('2006060', 'Today, the United States will play Angola in the Americans\' sole World Cup preparation match on European soil. Only it\'s not really a match - it\'s a "closed-door scrimmage." (Scheduled for 2 p.m. Eastern time, according to the Web site of the Angolan daily Jornal dos Desportes) We\'ve been concerned about this for days, and [...]')('2006060', 'Chances are that William Randolph Hearst, the legendary founder of the Hearst Corporation, would be pleased with the seemingly flush condition of the empire he left behind on his death 55 years ago. With a resplendent new midtown tower - paid for with $500 million in cash - as well as a string of new [...]')('2006060', 'Lakshmi Mittal is sure he is going to win and he is going to win the whole thing. In an interview with The New York Times on Friday, Mr. Mittal, the chief executive of Mittal Steel, derided the corporate governance standards of Arcelor, the Luxembourg-based company that he has been trying to buy for five [...]')('2006060', "No sooner did Euronext agree to be acquired by the parent of the New York Stock Exchange on Friday for 7.8 billion euros ($10 billion) to create the world's biggest stock exchange operator than the duo moved to further consolidate the European market, with plans to bring Italy's main stock exchange under its wing. Jean-François [...]")('2006060', "Internet phone company Vonage, whose stock market debut was the year's worst, faced more trouble on Friday as a media report cited an entry in its initial public offering prospectus that may lead customers who bought shares to seek damages. The prospectus, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, said Vonage had sent an e-mail [...]")('2006060', "As eBay has spread its innovative and influential wings across the Internet, it has also woven together a muscular and wily lobbying apparatus that spans 25 states. State regulators say that when they try to erect guidelines around eBay's activities, they quickly encounter the realities of the company's political power, raising anew the perennial questions [...]")('2006060', "How many beaded hedge fund executives can fit in a Volkswagen van? Attendees of this week's Hedgestock festival may well find out. On Wednesday and Thursday, thousands of people from the hedge fund industry, better known for fast trades and big returns than for free love, will converge at a former country estate outside of [...]")('2006060', "Many people think the energy sector in the United States needs to consolidate. But Mirant and NRG Energy, whose bumbling takeover feud became public last week, are hardly the shining example of how to proceed. In fact, Mirant's $7.8 billion hostile takeover bid for NRG, and NRG's knee-jerk rejection of its approach, may say a [...]")('2006060', 'Albany Spending on State Theater Institute Under Scrutiny By Danny Hakim Indian-Americans Lobby Clinton and Others on Atomic Pact By Mike McIntire City Councilman to Challenge State Senator in Queens By Jonathan P. Hicks')('2006060', 'Walter Reisner letter says students are going to college without completing high school because of low expectations of high school education (May 30 article)')('2006060', 'Ruth Lewin Sime letter recalls teaching wide range of students; says America needs educated people and should provide public system that is inexpensive and open (May 30 article)')('2006060', 'Anne Midgette reviews performance by singer Sumi Jo at Carnegie Hall; photo (M)')('2006060', 'Mrs Shah, identified only by her last name to protect her identity, roams red-light district in Mumbai, India, stopping to offer stern lecture or strong hug to prostitutes as she tries to educate them about AIDS; she instructs them in condom use and in recognizing signs of infection; United Nations has named India HIV/AIDS capital of world with 5.7 million infections; epidemic shows no signs of easing; Shah herself has AIDS, contracted after being sold to brothel; photo (M)')('2006060', 'Jon Pareles reviews new CD by Be Your Own Pet; photo (M)')('2006060', "Letter from Zama Coursen-Neff, researcher at Children's Rights Division of Human Rights Watch, praises June 1 editorial for its assessment of rapidly deteriorating security situation in Afghanistan; points to destruction of education system through bombings and intimidation")('2006060', "Bob Moore is promoted to chief creative officer at Publicis USA; Benjamin Vendramin joins McCann Erickson Worldwide in new post of senior vice president and group creative director for Wendy's International; Cliff Francis is named creative strategy director for Procter & Gamble brands at Saatchi & Saatchi; David Whetstone joins Publicis & Hal Riney, of Publicis Groupe, to help create division specializing in mobile marketing (S)")('2006060', 'Letter from Profs Dagobert L Brito and Michael D Intriligator quotes paper they wrote published by Baker Institute in 2002 in which they proposed case for nonnuclear ballistic missiles (May 29 article)')('2006060', 'Letter from high school teacher J Reid Schwebach says colleges are devaluing high school education by accepting students who have not met certain standards (May 30 article); drawing')('2006060', 'Impact of AIDS, especially in early years, on creative culture in America discussed (M)')('2006060', 'Just over half of new HIV infections in United States are among blacks; since contracting virus from her boyfriend, Lisa Mysnik, who is black, has been vigilant about teaching her two sons about safe sex and proper use of condoms; photo (M)')('2006060', 'Chivas Brothers division Pernod Ricard names Ogilvy & Mather Worldwide, part of WPP Group, to handle worldwide advertising for Glenlivet brand (S)')('2006060', 'Jay Critchley recalls mood in Provincetown, gay-friendly enclave on tip of Cape Cod, at beginning of AIDS epidemic; friends made sure to stay in close contact because those who fell out of touch were usually dying; gay residents drew together and cared for those who were sick; photo (M)')('2006060', 'TNT is No 1 in ratings for basic cable with broadcasts of NBA playoffs; photo (S)')('2006060', "Rev Robert Granger letter recalls that most Americans' ancestors were illegal immigrants (May 31 article)")('2006060', 'Joan Vileno, nurse at Montefiore Medical Center in New York, has seen AIDS epidemic from beginning, when all who were afflicted died; today, she runs program for AIDS patients over 50 years old who have lived long enough to have other health problems that come with age; Vileno comments on her experiences; photo (M)')('2006060', 'Photo of mourners at funeral for Laura VanRyn, who was mistakenly thought to have survived crash that killed five people')('2006060', 'Letter from Prof Kenneth Wishnia supports open admissions policy of college but scores lowering of standards in high school (May 30 article)')('2006060', 'Barbara Furrer Goodman, expert in early childhood education, dies at age 74 (S)')('2006060', 'Andrew Massimino letter scores advocates of tougher immigration laws (May 31 article)')('2006060', 'Photo of parishioners outside Church of St Vincent de Paul in New York City')('2006060', "Dr Paul A Volberding has been touched by AIDS since 1981 when he treated young gay man with Kaposi's sarcoma; has been involved with AIDS research on some level ever since; initially, doctors and other health practitioners thought they might be at risk for disease themselves (M)")('2006060', 'Lincoln Center will present Tom Stoppard three-part epic The Coast of Utopia beginning with first play in October; theatergoers will also have option of seeing all three plays in one-day marathon (S)')('2006060', 'Letter from Manhattanville College president Richard A Berman says there are some remarkable students who are able to make transition to college without high school diploma (May 30 article)')('2006060', 'Letter from Jeffrey D Jarrett, Assistant Secretary for Fossil Energy, Department of Energy, explains how FutureGen project will help world standardize technology and protocols for safe and long-term storage of carbon dioxide (May 28 article)')('2006060', 'Y&R Advertising unit of Young & Rubicam Brands promotes Hamish McLennan, chairman and chief executive of Australian and New Zealand operations, to chief executive (S)')('2006060', 'Nate Chinen reviews new CD by Jon Faddis (M)')('2006060', 'Photo of mule race featuring clones Idaho Gem and Idaho Star3')('2006060', 'Letter from Sigmund A Rolat, president of World Society of Czestochowa Jews and Their Descendants, describes his meeting with Pope Benedict XVI at Auschwitz (May 29 article)')('2006060', 'Preliminary estimates from Newspaper Assn of America show online ad spending rose 34.9 percent, to 613 million, in first quarter 2005, while print ad spending rose 0.3 percent, to $10.5 billion (S)')('2006060', 'Employee of Ground Round in Hudson Valley Mall in Ulster, NY, is found murdered inside restaurant (S)')('2006060', "Profile of Dr Lawrence D Mass, who devoted much of his life to fighting AIDS; initially, he ran addiction treatment program in Manhattan with many gay men as clients; founded Gay Men's Health Crisis (M)")('2006060', 'Jon Pareles reviews new CD by Elvis Costello and Allen Toussaint; photo (M)')('2006060', 'List of top animated movies based on total box office sales; photo (S)')('2006060', 'Letter from Rep Jesse L Jackson Jr calls for constitutional amendment giving Congress power to create unitary federal voting system (May 30 editorial)')('2006060', "This is the third in a weeklong series of columns on how genes move and change. Some years ago, I had the great good fortune to go to Rome for a few days. I was astounded. What particularly astonished me was the mix of architecture -Trajan's column, Mussolini's monstrosities, the Colosseum, Egyptian obelisks, Popes' palaces, [...]")('2006060', 'And so I went again more recently. I liked it a little better this time around, but Lo Scalco had curious lapses and many shortcomings.')('2006060', 'After every Champ Car race this season I have been tempted to go back and do another post on Sébastien Bourdais. I have resisted each time. My last urge to do something was Sunday evening when I watched – on the live timing of the Champ Car site, since I do not have Eurosport 2 [...]')('2006060', "Talk about short-lived. Anyone knows that signing on to a campaign can be a roller-coaster ride. But you have to wonder, did Christopher Jacobs, Bill Weld's pick for lieutenant governor, think that ride would be this short? Total time of his candidacy: five days, or 119 hours to be precise. But at least he still [...]")('2006060', "An artist's illustrated essay on English gardens, former schoolteachers and people who wear jaunty hats.")('2006060', "Mark Green campaigning. (Marilynn K. Yee/The New York Times) The Democratic candidates for Attorney General who didn't make the ballot at the convention in Buffalo last week started their petition drives today, and Mark Green wasted no time in going after Andrew Cuomo. Mr. Green, apparently still smarting from Mr. Cuomo's formidable showing in Buffalo, [...]")('2006060', '(Jason DeCrow/Associated Press) Surveying the Republican field, Gov. George E. Pataki endorsed former Assemblyman John Faso to succeed him this afternoon, because, well, Mr. Faso is the Republican field after Bill Weld\'s departure this morning. Mr. Pataki used words like "graciously" and "gracefully" to describe Mr. Weld\'s exit strategy, which included a joint appearance with [...]')('2006060', 'The Mainichi Daily News fills us in on the closed-door scrimmage between Japan and Brazil.')('2006060', "James H.M. Sprayregen, who has helped steer some of the largest U.S. companies through bankruptcy and out the other side, is leaving his post as head of restructuring at law firm Kirkland & Ellis to take an investment banking job at Goldman Sachs. News of Mr. Sprayregen's imminent departure, reported Tuesday afternoon on The Wall [...]")('2006060', 'Readers respond to Frank Rich\'s June 4 column, "Supporting Our Troops Over a Cliff" Lindy Russell, Pasadena, Calif.: Mr. Rich, you have articulated so well the American dilemma. Even though a lot of bad decisions have been made in this effort to raise a democracy in the Middle East, the concept still is not a [...]')('2006060', "Vonage seems to have made a lot of missteps in its recent initial public offering. So the Internet telephone company must be relieved to know that the latest goof is somebody else's fault. In a lawsuit targeting the Internet telephone company over its disappointing I.P.O., lawyers for Vonage's shareholders blasted the offering's underwriters for taking [...]")('2006060', "Who needs Answers.com? Who needs Google Answers? I'm turning to the World's Smartest Readership to answer a reader's question about converting old home movies.")('2006060', 'Jonathan Tasini was joined by Cindy Sheehan in Union Square today as he started a drive to get on the Democratic ballot. (Angel Franco/The New York Times) Even with Cindy Sheehan on hand to lend the support, it appeared to be slow going this morning as Jonathan Tasini launched his petition drive to get on [...]')('2006060', "Readers, we need your help. One of you, Tamer Fakahany, who works with the Associated Press's TV unit and will be in Germany during the tournament, has written in to propose that we settle once and for all, before the games begin, which players should be included in the Greatest Team Ever, comprising solely soccer's [...]")('2006060', "The winner of my trip to Africa, Casey Parks, has won a prize for this newspaper article, and since there's been a lot of interest in her I thought I'd post it here.")('2006060', 'I\'ve been urging students to take a "gap year" between high school and college. One good resource if you\'re thinking about that is gapyear.com.')('2006060', 'Dan in Chicago raises a valid point: "You\'re right to critize the anti-sweatshop crowd for failing to recognize that sweatshops can be a good thing. But you make an overly broad generalization when you say, Moreover, when Western companies do pay above-market wages, in places like Cambodia, local managers extort huge bribes in exchange for [...]')('2006060', 'Nearly a month ago, the chairman of William Lyon Homes appeared to win his year-long struggle to take his company private. General William Lyon, a retired chief of the Air Force Reserves, proclaimed that his tender offer to shareholders had crossed the 90 percent threshold, allowing him to buy the rest of its outstanding shares [...]')('2006060', '(Ozier Muhammad/The New York Times) The news that William F. Weld has dropped out of the race for governor drew only a muted response from Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg this morning. And it didn\'t produce an endorsement, or even a mention, of John Faso. "I don\'t know whether he\'s making a mistake," the mayor said [...]')('2006060', "Once the dust finally settles from today's political earthquake, the candidates for governor may actually start talking more about those pressing issues facing the state. So here's one: The seemingly never-ending case of the Campaign for Fiscal Equity has begun anew, with the plaintiffs filing an opening brief to the state's highest court this afternoon. [...]")('2006060', 'William Weld announcing he would end his bid for governor and endorse John Faso. (Ozier Muhammad/The New York Times)')('2006060', 'New Venture Partners said Tuesday it closed a $275 million venture capital fund - but none of that money is likely to go to entrepreneurs working out of their garages. Instead, the firm plans to use the new cash to finance spinoffs for big technology companies. Since it was spun off from Lucent Technologies in [...]')('2006060', 'The "Germany Survival Bible" on Spiegel\'s English-language site today features an interview with Franz Ferdinand guitarist Nick McCarthy, who Spiegel explains "grew up in Bavaria and offers a few pearls of wisdom about his countrymen." His main tip for English fans traveling to Germany this month? "A good piece of advice is always to just [...]')('2006060', 'Today The Sun, like several English papers, features this photograph of star stiker Wayne Rooney demonstrating his apparent return to health by executing a spectacular "scissor-kick" during a closed training session yesterday in England, before flying with the squad to the German spa town of Baden-Baden. On The Guardian\'s Newsdesk podcast, Ed Pilkington explains why [...]')('2006060', "Just three days to go, and then the party's on! The first tantalizing details on the dependably over-the-top World Cup opening ceremony are now out. This Friday in Munich, Reuters reports, the festivities will feature a parade of 170 World Cup-winning players, including Pele, Maradona and all 22 members of West Germany's 1974 world championship [...]")('2006060', 'Pfizer will collect offers Tuesday afternoon - and possibly some stragglers into the evening - for its over-the-counter drugs business, a unit that includes such well-known brands as Listerine mouthwash and Sudafed decongestant. Notably absent from the sale process are private equity funds, who are expected to sit on their hands ahead of the bid [...]')('2006060', 'In this lesson, students learn how conservationists have collected endangered frogs from a Central American rainforest in an attempt to save different species from extinction by the lethal chytrid fungus. They then take part in a "fishbowl" discussion on the various aspects of "in situ" versus "ex situ" conservation.')('2006060', "Serbia and Montenegro may no longer exist as a nation, but the soccer team representing the last incarnation of rump Yugoslavia is not going down without a fight - or several fights, all among themselves. Acccording to an Associated Press report, posted on Sports Illustrated's Web site, the team didn't make it out of Austria, [...]")('2006060', "Axa SA, Europe's second-largest insurer, said it had agreed to sell its Axa Re reinsurance unit to a group of investors led by a buyout firm, Stone Point Capital. Go to Article from Bloomberg News »")('2006060', "After two years of generally disappointing results and share performance, H&R Block may be ready for a radical solution. An analyst from UBS on Tuesday suggested that breaking up the company - a leading provider of tax advice that also has a mortgage and investment arm - could be the best strategy. H&R Block's management [...]")('2006060', "Hewlett-Packard said on Tuesday that it would buy Silverwire Holding, a Swiss digital photo software maker with an emphasis on retail photo printing, for an undisclosed sum. Silverwire, which focuses on creating the backend software for retail photo centers, has more than 23,000 photo kiosk licenses and customers in 30 countries. H-P's move marks a [...]")('2006060', "An Internet company with a kooky name, no profits and fresh from a splashy Super Bowl ad is getting ready to go public. Good luck, says TheStreet.com. TheStreet.com's Jonathan Berr on Tuesday points out that Go Daddy, a registrar of Internet domains, filed for an intial public offering of stock in May. The company has [...]")('2006060', 'The Citic Group, a Chinese state-owned investment company, is negotiating to buy a Canadian oil company with assets in Kazakhstan, according to reports. The Canadian firm, the privately-held Nations Energy, owns the Karazhanbas oil field, which has proved reserves of more than 400 million barrels and produced 41,000 barrels per day in 2005. The proposed [...]')('2006060', "For two days, I had been trying to assume the life of a regular Venetian, a more authentic and potentially cheaper way to experience a city that attracts some 19 million visitors every year. I'd already failed once, a week before, having fled Venice when I mistakenly booked a hotel in a distant suburb, Lido [...]")('2006060', 'Small hedge funds in Europe are suffering from the recent market volatility - and, in some cases, expiring, according to investors interviewed by FTadviser, a service of The Financial Times. The article does not name any specific funds that have imploded, but one person in the industry is quoted as saying "it will take a [...]')('2006060', "A spokesman for Bill Weld confirms that Mr. Weld will drop out of the governor's race today. Update: John Faso, now the presumptive G.O.P. nominee for governor, is expected to attend the Weld news conference at 11:30 a.m. today – Patrick Healy")('2006060', "When and if AT&T closes its $67 billion acquisition of BellSouth, one of the key assets it will receive is full control of the two phone companies' Cingular wireless joint venture. For all that money, though, AT&T plans to scrap the Cingular brand name in favor of AT&T Wireless, marking the victory of a decades-old [...]")('2006060', "The war on terror won't end with a signing on a battleship, as President Bush repeatedly says, so is it possible that V-T Day already happened and we missed it? John D. Judis, a senior editor at The New Republic, argues in a TNR Online article that the answer is yes. The meaning of the [...]")('2006060', "Bill Weld will announce his decision on the governor's race at 11:30 a.m. at his Manhattan office. Two advisers, pleading a lack of intel, say they aren't sure which way he's going. Most Republican insiders are buzzing this morning that Mr. Weld will drop out. If he does, several questions immediately face presumptive GOP nominee [...]")('2006060', "Monday's 17 percent jump in shares of Movie Gallery added fuel to recent speculation that the video rental chain is ripe to be acquired. A larger rival, Blockbuster, and the online rental service Netflix were mentioned as potential buyers of Movie Gallery, whose market capitalization now stands at about $220 million. The company said no [...]")('2006060', "By now it seems pretty clear that Bruce Arena is playing it very mysterioso to confuse the Czechs, Italians and Ghanians - a closed-door match yesterday in which his players don't wear numbers; no comment from any American on that match, even on the official United States Web site; and a shroud of silence so [...]")('2006060', "There's some follow-up discussion of my sweatshop column today at the blog Economist's View. One point made there, which I agree with, is that in general international firms pay better than local ones. I saw that particularly in Indonesia: there would be a local sewing shop, with lousy conditions and low wages, and then nearby [...]")('2006060', 'In the Washington Post today, David B. Rivkin Jr. and Lee A. Casey, former Justice Department officials under presidents Reagan and H.W. Bush, write that Iranian president Mahmoud Ahmadinejad\'s multiple threats against Israel "clearly violate Article 2.4 of the U.N. Charter. This provision, to which Iran has agreed, requires all U.N. member states to \'refrain [...]')('2006060', 'The Russian gas monopoly Gazprom said on Tuesday it was seeking strategic partners and asset acquisitions on the British market as part of its ambitions to expand in western Europe. Go to Article from Reuters »')('2006060', 'A biotechnology company, Gilead Sciences, said on Teusday it had agreed to buy a Canadian unit of the German specialty chemicals company Degussa. Go to Article from Reuters via Yahoo » Go to News Release from Gilead via Yahoo »')('2006060', "International Business Machines said on Tuesday it plans to invest nearly $6 billion in India over three years, underscoring the country's growing importance as a global hub for information technology expertise. Go to Article from Reuters » Go to Article from The Associated Press via Yahoo »")('2006060', 'McAfee, a provider of computer security software and services, said on Tuesday that it had acquired closely held Preventsys, a developer of security software. Go to Article from Reuters via Yahoo » Go to News Release from McAfee via Yahoo »')('2006060', 'Publicis, the French advertising group, said on Tuesday it has acquired a majority stake in several Turkish advertising and communications companies to expand its presence in the market there. Go to Article from Reuters » Download News Release from Publicis (pdf file) »')('2006060', 'The Onyx Software Corporation, a maker of computer hardware for businesses, said on Tuesday it had agreed to be acquired by the privately held M2M Holdings for $92 million, or $4.80 a share. Go to Article from Reuters via Yahoo » Go to News Release from Onyx via Yahoo »')('2006060', 'The executive board of Deutsche Borse has met its financial advisers in an attempt to establish by how much it can raise its offer for pan-European stock exchange group Euronext, The Telegraph reported. The board, led by the chief executive, Reto Francioni, met Deutsche Bank and corporate finance advisers Hawkpoint in Frankfurt Monday night. At [...]')('2006060', "Gilbert White's Selborne Journal: Sunday, 6 June 1784: 29 6/10; 64; 66; NE; 10. Rain, rain, sun, rain, thunder. Nipped off all the rose-buds on the tree in the yard opposite the parlor window in order to make a bloom in the autumn. No bloom succeeded. The hail storm which fell last Saturday was about [...]")('2006060', 'A one-time real estate mortgage broker, Howard J. Vogel, says that he and members of his family were linchpins in a long-running arrangement that helped the New York securities litigation powerhouse Milberg Weiss Bershad Hynes & Lerach snare lucrative lead counsel positions in a series of securities lawsuits, reaping hundreds of millions of dollars in [...]')('2006060', 'Vonage Holdings, the Internet phone company whose shares have fallen 28 percent since their debut, was accused in a civil lawsuit of violating securities laws and improperly selling shares to customers. The suit was filed on behalf of shareholders on Friday in United States District Court in New Jersey by Mount Pleasant, S.C.-based Motley Rice, [...]')('2006060', "the Escala Group received a formal order of investigation from the Securities and Exchange Commission. The New York-based collectables company said it would cooperate in the investigation, which it believes is related to Escala Group's transactions with Afinsa Bienes Tangibles of Madrid. Prosecutors charge Alfinsa, which owns part of Escala, swindled hundreds of thousands of [...]")('2006060', 'A Delaware judge refused on Monday to dismiss a lawsuit accusing Cox Communications and Comcast of unfairly manipulating the fortunes of At Home, an Internet service provider that went bankrupt. The ruling means the two cable companies could face trial on allegations they contributed to the demise of At Home, which filed for bankruptcy in [...]')('2006060', 'Bank of China, two weeks after pulling off the biggest initial share sale in six years, plans to raise a record 20 billion yuan ($2.5 billion) at home, testing confidence in the Shanghai stock market. Bank of China, the second-biggest bank in China, made an application to the regulator on Monday to sell as many [...]')('2006060', "A bankruptcy judge Monday approved $41.4 million in expenses and fees for services provided by Delta Air Lines lawyers and advisers during the first 4 1/2 months of the company's Chapter 11 case. The compensation excludes another $2.04 million requested by other firms and $195,000 the judge has held back from the Atlanta-based airline's auditor, [...]")('2006060', "Yukos released details on Monday of a plan to pay nearly $30 billion in debt as the struggling oil company goes into bankruptcy hearings. Among the steps, which were proposed for discussion at a creditors' meeting on June 16, were plans by Yukos to offer 12.5 percent of its shares to its former core production [...]")('2006060', "Founded with much fanfare in 2001, as the honest alternative to traditional Wall Street research, Fulcrum Global Partners has shut its books and resigned from the National Association of Securities Dealers. Founded in the aftermath of a global settlement between the New York attorney general, Eliot Spitzer, and the Street's largest investment banks, the firm's [...]")('2006060', "Even though General Motors lost $10.6 billion last year and faces a particularly uncertain future, its chief executive, Rick Wagoner, will undoubtedly find plenty of good news to talk about at its annual shareholders' meeting in Wilmington, Del., on Tuesday. Its stock price has managed to climb, despite some volatility, from a low in December. [...]")('2006060', "At the start of the year, Russian companies had high hopes of raising billions of dollars in stock offerings by tapping into investors' zeal for emerging markets. Twenty-five initial public offerings were planned – nearly twice the number of 2005. Then, reality started to hit. With Russia's state oil company Rosneft dramatically scaling back its [...]")('2006060', 'Two and half years after Parmalat collapsed in one of the worst accounting scandals in corporate history, preliminary hearings opened behind closed doors Monday against 64 individuals accused of bringing the dairy giant down under 14 billion euros ($18 billion) in hidden debt. Among those who could face charges of fraudulent bankruptcy are company managers, [...]')('2006060', 'The Bawag PSK Bank of Austria will pay at least $675 million to avoid prosecution and to settle bankruptcy claims after admitting its role in the collapse of the commodities brokerage firm Refco, American authorities announced yesterday. The settlement is an initial victory for private equity firm Thomas H. Lee Partners in its effort to [...]')('2006060', 'Trimaran Capital Partners is looking to take a ride on another train services company after taking Freightcar America public last year. The New York buyout shop agreed to pay $200 million for Standard Steel, a freight car wheel and axle manufacturer that Citicorp Mezzanine Partners and merchant bank Farrell acquired out of bankruptcy in 2002. [...]')('2006060', 'Two buyout firms, Bruckmann Rosser Sherrill and Castle Harlan, are going out on a second date, agreeing to buy a casual Italian dining chain, Bravo Development, from its family owners. The two firms are paying between $150 million and $200 million for the chain, which operates Bravo and Brio restaurants, LBO Wire said. Go to [...]')('2006060', "Success in real estate, they say, depends on location, location, location. In Las Vegas, it's also timing, branding and lots of cash. Some of the newest high-profile luxury condominium projects in Sin City have been folding like a house of cards. The latest to throw in his hand was actor George Clooney, who announced an [...]")('2006060', "BAA, the world's biggest airport owner, accepted a sweetened 10.3 billion pound ($19 billion) bid from Spain's Grupo Ferrovial and rejected a higher proposal from a team led by the Goldman Sachs Group. Directors of BAA, the London-based operator of London's Heathrow, Gatwick and Stansted airports, have agreed to recommend the Ferrovial bid to shareholders. [...]")('2006060', "Wikia, a for-profit company founded 18 months ago by Wikipedia's founder, Jimmy Wales, hired eBay veteran Gil Penchina as its chief executive on Monday. Mr. Penchina, who worked at the online auction site for eight years, served as vice president and general manager at eBay. Mr. Wales and Angela Beesley started Menlo Park-based Wikia to [...]")('2006060', 'Can investing in a fledgling fashion house reap profits? A growing number of European investors think so, and they are starting to pump capital into young fashion brands. In France, the investment bank Natexis Capital has created a fund called Mode et Finance to invest in young designers, while in Belgium, an investor, Anne Chapelle, [...]')('2006060', 'Jack in the Box has no immediate plans to spin off its fast-growing Qdoba Mexican Grill chain, but the company would consider such a move in the future, the chief executive, Linda Lang, said Monday. "We always assess the options for Qdoba but at this point in time we\'ve said no, we have no plans [...]')('2006060', "Merchants suing Visa International and MasterCard International in an antitrust suit may ask a federal judge in New York to undo MasterCard's $2.39 billion initial public offering last month, a lawyer said. The merchants plan to challenge the public offering in an amended complaint, their lawyer, K. Craig Wildfang, told Judge James Orenstein, a United [...]")('2006060', "The banking powerhouse UBS made a last-minute bid on Monday to keep secret the trial of a former employee accused of trying to cripple the firm's computer systems and then profit from the resulting carnage. UBS wants a judge to bar the public from the trial of Roger Duronio – who is accused of of [...]")('2006060', 'Wedding resource firms the Knot and WeddingChannel.com said Monday that they have entered into a definitive merger agreement. The Knot will pay approximately $57.9 million in cash and issue 1,150,000 shares of its common stock in exchange for all of the capital stock and stock options of privately-held WeddingChannel, the companies said in a statement. [...]')('2006060', "Wine and beer company Constellation Brands said on Monday it had completed its acquisition of a Canadian winemaker, Vincor International, for 1.23 billion Canadia dollars, or about $1.09 billion. In connection with the deal, Constellation said it closed on its new $3.5 billion credit facility, which replaced the company's previous $2.9 billion credit facility. Go [...]")('2006060', "American Medical Systems Holdings said Monday it has agreed to buy rival Laserscope for $715 million to expand in the urology products market. The deal values Laserscope, which makes a surgical device used to treat obstructive benign prostatic hyperplasia, at $31 a share in cash, a premium of about 45 percent to the stock's Friday's [...]")('2006060', 'Disgruntled Eurotunnel bondholders have written to company chairman Jacques Gounon accusing him of selling the business by the back door, The Telegraph reported. The letter, emailed to Mr. Gounon on Friday, appears to contradict claims by Eurotunnel on Sunday that it had "not been officially contacted" by any financial institution regarding an "alternative restructuring plan." [...]')('2006060', 'The Canadian mining company Inco said Monday in a filing with securities regulators in the United States that it is in talks to try to find a business partner other than hostile bidder Teck Cominco. Toronto-based Inco said in an amended 14D filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission that it "is undertaking negotiations" in [...]')('2006060', "The financial services group Prudential is in talks to sell its private equity division, PPM Capital, to the company's management team, according to The Telegraph. PPM Capital hopes to close the deal by the end of the year, the newspaper said. PPM Capital has about 2 billion euro ($2.58 billion) of allocated funds under management [...]")('2006060', "A group of Alex. Brown veterans that includes the former head of Deutsche Bank's United States equities unit, David DiPietro, are in the process of building a full-service investment-banking boutique modeled after the old Alex. Brown. Like its predecessor, the new boutique, which is expected to open in late summer or early fall, will be [...]")('2006060', "Kinder Morgan's $13.5 billion management-led buyout is being challenged by two state court lawsuits that seek to block the deal. The law firm Lerach Coughlin Stoia Geller Rudman & Robbins filed suit on behalf of Kinder Morgan shareholders in Texas state court in Houston. The suit claims the company's officers and directors violated state law [...]")('2006060', "As regulators weigh the many elements of AT&T's proposed $89 billion acquisition of BellSouth, they are being asked to consider one more: allegations that the two phone giants turned over call records to the National Security Agency. On Monday, the last day for the public to file comments about the deal with the Federal Communications [...]")('2006060', 'J T Stasiak letter warns that unless Americans demonstrate thtat we live by our own ethical values we are going to be defeated by Islamic fascists')('2006060', 'Lisa Flythe letter on Harriet Brown May 30 Essay about food restrictions in schools applauds efforts to get children to eat more healthy diet')('2006060', 'Syed M Majid letter calls for full inquiry into what happened in Haditha, Iraq, last November')('2006060', 'Susan Komisar Hausman letter on May 30 Harriet Brown Essay about schools imposing food restrictions scores programs that make children feel badly about weight and suggests support programs instead')('2006060', "Barbara Finn letter on Harriet Brown May 30 Essay about food restrictions in schools says that too much emphasis on child's weight can lead to negative relationship with food and self")('2006060', "Photo of Carolina Hurricanes' win over Edmonton Oilers in Game 1 of Stanley Cup finals")('2006060', "Letter from Thomas S Johnson, chairman of World Trade Center Memorial Foundation's executive committee, rebuts June 1 editorial criticism, saying museum idea emerged from public input and has been integral component of project since selection of Daniel Libeskind's master plan for ground zero")('2006060', 'Dr Frank Yeomans letter on May 30 article about treating boarderline personality disorder cautions that article does not provide comprehensive view of treatment for illness')('2006060', 'Robin Jacobs letter on Harriet Brown May 30 Essay about food restrictions in school says that people should be more understanding when restrictions are geared to protect children with severe food allergies; drawing')('2006060', 'New York Mets defeat Los Angeles Dodgers, 4-1; photo (M)6')('2006060', "Bruce Neuman letter finds Pres Bush's message regarding gay marriage as tired as rest of his administration")('2006060', 'Dr Merle Myerson letter on May 30 Cases column about giving blood says that phlebotomy is worth risk')('2006060', "Prof Gary Schmidgall letter on 'sad spectacle' of national spelling bee demanding children spell ridiculously arcane, utterly useless words")('2006060', 'James McCrane letter exclaims at Pres Bush and Republicans giving priority to gay marriage at time of huge national issues')('2006060', "Letter from Alfred Posamentier, dean of City College School of Education, says words in future national spelling bees should be limited to words that have been anglicized before being incorporated into English, unlike this year's German word Ursprache")('2006060', "Getty Foundation, whose spending is being investigated by California attorney general's office, says it is taking steps to increase transparency, including salaries of top executives (S)")('2006060', "Nick Moll letter approves Congressional pushback against overreaching executive branch, now that Rep William Jefferson's office has become subject of court-warranted search")('2006060', 'Bella S Grossman letter on what happened to young American soldiers accused of murders in Haditha; notes frustration and stress and knowledge that Iraqis did not want gratuitous war in first place')('2006060', 'Monroe High School (NYC) defeats Beacon High School, 5-0, to advance to New York City Public Schools Athletic League playoff finals (S)6')('2006060', 'Monique Frugier letter says that as immigrant and gay woman she has felt sad, angry and humiliated since George W Bush became president')('2006060', 'Steven Walling says line of responsibility for alleged crimes by US troops in Haditha, Iraq, runs to highest office in land')('2006060', 'Benjamin Solomon letter says what wars against Taliban, Al Qaeda and Iraq have in common are premature claims of victory by Pres Bush and fact that they persist years later with mounting costs in lives, treasure and national reputation')('2006060', 'Q & A column discusses diet of hedgehogs; drawing (M)')('2006060', "ABC's full daytime lineup is No 1 among viewers age 18 to 49 for May sweeps period; CBS is No 1 among all viewers (S)")('2006060', 'Dorothy Greenberg letter asks columnist John Tierney what he would do if he were 85-year-old widow living on Social Security in rent-controlled apartment up for decontrol')('2006060', 'Dr Brenda Eskenazi, University of California, Berkeley, School of Public Health epidemiology professor, leads study that finds as men get older their sperm deteriorate and may contribute to specific birth defects and abnormal pregnancies; research, which is published in Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, is first major study to recognize male aging as potential factor in birth defects; photo (M)')('2006060', 'Allison Daley Stevenson letter on Harriet Brown May 30 Essay about restricting school food suggests that children be taught to make good choices instead of making those choices for them')('2006060', 'Judy Klass letter says end of rent control destroys lives of ordinary people forced out of apartments in New York')('2006060', "Janice M Cauwels letter on two May 30 articles about how names influence people's point of view says that names can be misleading")('2006060', 'Mari E Vosburgh letter on May 30 article about salamanders describes her pet frog')('2006060', 'Kristen Nelson letter on Harriet Brown May 30 Essay about school food restrictions holds that decisions about school lunches must take into consideration variety of issues')('2006060', 'Dr Morten Gronbaek of Danish National Institute of Public Health leads study on reported benefits of alcoholic beverages in reducing risk of heart disease; research, which is published in journal BMJ, finds that men who have drink every day have much lower risk of heart disease than men who do not drink alcohol or drink it only once or twice per week; women who drink reduce their risk of heart disease, but there is no increased benefit for those who drink alcohol more frequently; drawing (M)')('2006060', 'Photo of Dauphine LibereU')('2006060', 'Claire Fowler letter on Harriet Brown May 30 Essay about food restrictions in schools says that schools need to create better exercise programs for all children')('2006060', 'Marian Dale letter says rent control has become entitlement of upper-income New Yorkers who send children to expensive private schools')('2006060', 'Hillary Rodham Clinton joined a chorus of critics today - including relatives of Sept. 11 victims and Gov. George E. Pataki - in denouncing Ann Coulter\'s comments about a group of activist 9/11 widows in her new book, "Godless, the Church of Liberalism." Ms. Coulter kicked off her publicity tour in a contentious interview on [...]')('2006060', 'I\'ve spent the last two months mostly on the road, talking to audiences around the country about my book, "The Omnivore\'s Dilemma," and the questions it raises about how and what we eat. Most of the posts here on TimesSelect represent my thoughts in response to questions put to me by those audiences as well [...]')('2006060', "This is the fourth in a weeklong series of columns on how genes move and change. Over the past three days I've outlined several ways in which organisms acquire new genes. The reason this matters is that, without a source of new genes, big, long-term evolutionary changes are difficult. If there weren't a way to [...]")('2006060', 'She wakes up at 7:30 in the morning. Her mother dresses her up and combs her hair, and then prepares her breakfast, usually a small cake and some tea and milk. She is only 6 years old so she is very much dependent on her mother. At 8:05, the bus rolls up and sounds its [...]')('2006060', 'Last night, the NYSE Group announced it had added Société Générale as an adviser on its bid to buy Euronext, the pan-European stock and derivative exchange which represents the Brussels, Lisbon, Amsterdam and - you guessed it - French stock exchanges. "Société Générale is a major force in global financial markets, particularly in Europe," said [...]')('2006060', "Gov. Mitt Romney of Massachusetts. (Joe Raedle/Getty Images ) So, Zoners, if Rudy Giuliani does run for president in 2008, who'd be his ideal running mate? Props to the gossip columnists of the Boston newspapers: They spied the former mayor and another potential '08 contender, Gov. Mitt Romney of Massachusetts, dining together at Davio's on [...]")('2006060', "Whew! The folks at AARP The Magazine listed theirfive best places for retirement and my town isn't one of them. Some nice places, though hardly any secrets. Las Cruces, N.M. Charleston, S.C. Rehoboth Beach, Del. Memphis, Tenn. St. George, Utah The magazine is also running an interactive calculator it calls the Location Scout that purports [...]")('2006060', 'Would you let your contractor use the bathroom? Nearly 70 percent of homeowners surveyed said sure, while 1 percent said no. This inside information comes from a fascinating survey about the relationship between contractors and homeowners, conducted for Kimberly-Clark Professional by Opinion Research Corporation. Choice tidbits: The biggest complaint by homeowners is shoddy workmanship. Homeowners [...]')('2006060', 'Denny Farrell issued a clarification. (Suzanne Plunkett/Associated Press) John Faso\'s focus on cutting taxes is already putting Democrats on the defensive. When Denny Farrell held a press conference assailing Faso\'s record, he suggested that cutting taxes was not a main Democratic priority. Several hours later, he released a statement clarifying his remarks. "I misspoke this [...]')('2006060', "As he cleans out his desk, John Studzinski is also cleaning out his stock portfolio. Mr. Studzinski, HSBC's departing co-head of investment banking, sold shares in the bank worth 5.3 million pounds ($9.8 million), HSBC said Tuesday in a Regulatory News Statement issued by the London Stock Exchange. Mr. Studzinski, who had been in charge [...]")('2006060', "Yesterday, Steve Minarik succeeded in his bid to push Bill Weld out of the governor's race. (Though he failed to push another candidate out of the U.S. Senate primary this morning.) So why shouldn't Denny Farrell, the chairman of the state Democratic party, try the same? At an Albany press conference meant to attack John [...]")('2006060', "CHABLIS, France Drove down this morning from Ay to spend the day visiting producers in Chablis. As much as I love Chablis, this is my first visit to this pretty little town, and I couldn't have picked a better day, clear, crisp and dry. Throw in some minerals and flowers and it sound like I'm [...]")('2006060', "It is still early in the game, but attorneys for power company Mirant do not seem to have impressed the court with their lawsuit against NRG Energy, the company Mirant hopes to acquire. At least, that is the impression we got from a transcript of Tuesday's conference call with the judge overseeing the case. (For [...]")('2006060', "Maybe Jens Lehmann should have a word with Basil Fawlty. Just when England fans seem to have gotten the message about laying off the references to former enmities with their World Cup hosts, Germany's No. 1 goalkeeper was quoted today making the observation that the Germans have a leg up on the English because with [...]")('2006060', "Shares of L-3 Communications surged on Wednesday following the announcement of the unexpected death of the defense company's chairman and chief executive, Frank Lanza. The rationale behind Wall Street's rather ghoulish reaction: With no successor in place for Mr. Lanza, L-3 could become prey to acquisition-hungry rivals willing to pay a premium for its stock. [...]")('2006060', "Rudolph W. Giuliani campaigning in May with Ralph Reed, who is running for lieutenant governor of Georgia. (Gregory Smith/Associated Press) When Bill Weld entered the governor's race in August, he told me that his old friend Rudy Giuliani had urged him to run. Colleagues in the Reagan Justice Department, Bill and Rudy took office in [...]")('2006060', 'Some Americans who are just now starting to tune into the World Cup are asking where Freddy Adu went. Well, Adu, who turned 17 last week, is not on the team - Bruce Arena deemed him not quite ready, and young Freddy might also have hurt his cause by airing his dissatisfaction with Peter Novak, [...]')('2006060', "Some former seatholders at the New York Stock Exchange are complaining that they are not able to cash in before the exchange's parent company, NYSE Group, goes through with its proposed acquisition of Euronext, according to TheStreet.com. The issue creates a difficult choice for N.Y.S.E.'s chief executive, John Thain, as he tries to gather support [...]")('2006060', "The Times's correspondent in Buenos Aires, Larry Rohter, writes in today's paper about the sense of dread among Argentina fans on the eve of the World Cup, given the albicelestes' disappointing performance in their last three appearances. This is a team that wears two world championship stars over its badge, yet expectations in Argentina are [...]")('2006060', 'In this lesson, students learn about rain forests around the world, using the Barro Colorado biological reserve in the Panama Canal as a starting point. They then take part in a mock international summit, in which they present information on the challenges facing these rain forests and the initiatives in place to preserve and protect them.')('2006060', 'May was rumored to be a rough month for hedge funds, and some recent figures suggest that the rumors were right - although suggestions of a "May Meltdown" may have been overblown. The average single-manager fund posted a negative return of 0.9 percent during the month, according to early estimates from HedgeFund.net. It was the [...]')('2006060', 'Perhaps the most hostile of hostile takeover bids at the moment is Mirant\'s offer to buy its larger rival, NRG Energy. (In Sunday\'s DealBook column, we wrote that both power companies had "lost their marbles.") After running the numbers on the deal, a Bank of America analyst on Wednesday concluded that Mirant could offer up [...]')('2006060', "K.T. McFarland told Republican party chairman Steve Minarik this morning that she was staying in the race for the G.O.P. nomination against Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton, despite Mr. Minarik's plea that she drop out. Steve called K.T. this morning and asked her to pull a Weld, for the sake of the party. The chairman has [...]")('2006060', 'BAE SystemsEurope\'s largest defense contractor, said it will force the European Aeronautic, Defence & Space Company to purchase its 20 percent stake in the planemaker Airbus after the two companies failed to agree on a price. BAE "has served upon EADS a formal notice of exercise of its put option," the company said in a [...]')('2006060', 'Here are several billion reasons why the recent string of big real-estate buyouts is probably not over. Reuters, citing unnamed sources, reported Wednesday that the private equity firm Blackstone Group, which has been one of the most active in that area, has just raised $5 billion for its fifth real estate fund, which it calls [...]')('2006060', 'Readers respond to Thomas L. Friedman\'s June 7 column, "A Well of Smiths and Xias" Paul N. Van de Water, Alexandria, Va.: Your column about Montgomery Blair could equally well describe T.C. Williams High School in Alexandria, from which our younger daughter graduated last year. At its best, our country can truly be a city [...]')('2006060', "Unlike pop star Michael Jackson, who recently faced a financial crisis involving a hedge fund, Fortress Investments, Fortress's Michael Novogratz seems to be feeling quite flush these days. The New York Observer reports that Mr. Novogratz, who previously bought a 4,600-square-foot Tribeca triplex for $12.25 million from the actor Robert De Niro, has now acquired [...]")('2006060', 'Now that he has been out of government for nearly four years, Harvey Pitt, the former chairman of the Securities and Exchange Commission, has a radical idea for how to reform corporate America. In an interview with The Globe and Mail, Mr. Pitt said companies should put a big portion of executive compensation into escrow [...]')('2006060', 'At his Washington Realist blog, Nikolas K. Gvosdev, editor of The National Interest, excerpts a piece by John Hulsman and Alexis Debat from TNI\'s Summer 2006 issue that concludes, "As long as international admiration trumps local legitimacy in selecting who we are willing to work with in state-building, our efforts will fail. This means, in [...]')('2006060', "From the deliciously funny Web site PatentlySilly, it's the cordless jump rope!")('2006060', "Even upscale venues in Tribeca are preparing for the World Cup. (Photo: Rob Mackey) UPDATE (4:30 p.m., Thur.): Thanks, everyone, for sending in your comments. Between your suggestions and the places in the links you've provided, we've got at least one place for every team in the tournament, except Angola, Costa Rica, Japan, Mexico, Saudi [...]")('2006060', 'Morgan Stanley said Wednesday that Jon Anda, who left the company in January to join a mergers boutique being formed by the veteran banker Joseph Perella, is returning to the global investment bank as vice chairman of institutional securities. Mr. Anda had been co-head of capital markets at Morgan Stanley when Mr. Perella, a prominent [...]')('2006060', 'K.T. McFarland (Fred Conrad/The New York Times) Is K.T. McFarland the next Bill Weld? As first reported in yesterday\'s Buzz , the New York Republican chairman, Stephen J. Minarik III, will try to nudge Ms. McFarland out of the U.S. Senate race with the same call for "party unity" that worked against Mr. Weld. Yet [...]')('2006060', 'Ace Cash Express, the largest operator of check-cashing stores in the United States, said on Wednesday it had agreed to be bought by senior management and a private equity group, JLL Partners, for about $420 million. Go to Article from Reuters via Yahoo » Go to News Release from Ace Cash Express »')('2006060', 'The media company Tribune has revealed an internal disagreement over a $2 billion share repurchase plan that is at the center of its strategy for raising its stock price. Opposition to the buyback, disclosed late Tuesday in a regulatory filing, comes from representatives of the Chandler family, which owns a 12.2 percent stake in Tribune [...]')('2006060', "CKE Restaurants, the parent company of the Carl's Jr. and Hardee's fast-food chains, may consider selling its La Salsa Fresh Mexican Grills in the next three to five years after expanding the franchise and remodeling restaurants, its chief executive, Andrew Puzder, said Tuesday. The Carpinteria, Calif.-based company would also consider spinning off the unit, Puzder [...]")('2006060', "Tata Tea of India is scouting for more acquisitions in Europe and the United States to strengthen its position as the world's number-two branded tea firm, company officials said on Wednesday. The Kolkata-based company has been exiting its tea plantations in India to focus on its high-margin packaged tea business, and is looking to buy [...]")('2006060', "The Harvard Crimson, where I spent a good chunk of my undergraduate career, did an amazing amount of work to report a profile of me. The reporter talked to a freshman roommate whom I haven't talked to for 20 years, to a former editor whom I haven't seen since high school, and to a bunch [...]")('2006060', 'A Spanish food company, Ebro Puleva, said on Wednesday it had bought the leading pasta company in North America, New World Pasta, for $362.5 million. Ebro Puleva said that it would be the second-biggest pasta maker in the world after the acquisition, and that it would increase its North American sales to more than $600 [...]')('2006060', 'An investment firm seeking to push a takeover and eventual breakup of Vivendi the French telecommunications and media group, said on Wednesday it was no longer in talks with Vivendi, Reuters reported. The announcement was the first public statement by the firm, Sebastian Holdings, which holds a small stake in the company. Last month, Vivendi [...]')('2006060', 'Newark Ay, France I had plenty of time to think Sunday night as I was in line to check in at Newark airport. The line wound on forever, and you had to traverse one maze of people and myriad velvet ropes for the privilege of having a security guard wave you into the real line [...]')('2006060', "Novartis, the European drugmaker, offered to buy NeuTec Pharma for 305 million pounds ($569 million) on Wednesday to gain two experimental treatments for drug-resistant infections. Novartis, based in Basel, Switzerland, is offering 10.50 pounds per share of Neutec, NeuTec's board and shareholders with 39 percent of the company are backing the offer, according to Novartis. [...]")('2006060', 'Merrill Lynch said Tuesday settlement talks have broken down in a lawsuit accusing it of discriminating against African-American brokers. The lawsuit, which was filed last November in federal court in Chicago and seeks class-action status, accused New York-based Merrill of systematically discriminating against African-American brokers in hiring, promotion and compensation. Go to Article from Reuters [...]')('2006060', 'A law firm, Fox Rothschild, has just made it a bit nicer to be a lawyer starting out in the world, unless of course you work in their Atlantic City or Pittsburgh offices. The firm has increased its starting salary by $15,000 to $125,000 for the incoming class of first-year associates, an industry publication reported. [...]')('2006060', "United States financial regulators on Tuesday sued a hedge fund manager for allegedly siphoning off $11.5 million of his clients' money and sending out fake statements showing that investors earned double-digit returns. The Securities and Exchange Commission charged that the fund manager, Frank Russo, convinced at least 160 investors to send him roughly $15 million [...]")('2006060', "Bank of China, the nation's second-largest lender, increased the size of last month's share sale by 15 percent to $11.2 billion, making it the world's fourth-largest initial public offering. The bank exercised an option to sell 3.84 billion additional shares at the I.P.O. price of 2.95 Hong Kong dollars(38 cents). Shares in the Beijing-based lender [...]")('2006060', 'Plans by the Ferrovial consortium to buy enough shares of BAA, the British airport operator, to stop a Goldman Sachs-led rival from breaking up its agreed 10.1 billion pound bid for BAA have been thwarted by a regulatory issue in Australia. The Spanish-led raider waded into the market yesterday to snap up another 13.9 percent [...]')('2006060', 'Digitalized files of information detailing Parmalat\'s relationship with its banks should clarify "the truth" of the dairy company\'s €14 billion ($17.9 billion) collapse, Parmalat\'s founder and former chief executive said outside criminal proceedings on Tuesday. Calisto Tanzi has blamed the banks for issuing bonds that resulted in losses for thousands of small investors as the [...]')('2006060', 'Christopher Cox, chairman of the Securities and Exchange Commission, said the growing number of companies under investigation for possible manipulation of stock option grants was "of serious concern" to the agency. While declining to comment on the continuing investigation by the S.E.C.\'s enforcement division, Mr. Cox told reporters yesterday in Washington that the commission may [...]')('2006060', "The International Monetary Fund warned on Tuesday that the Dubai Ports World row may have had an impact on investment flows to the United States from Arab countries, an increasingly important source of financing for the United States' trade deficit. Dubai Ports World, a state-owned company in the United Arab Emirates, agreed to relinquish control [...]")('2006060', "Rupert Murdoch's News Corporation media company, which owns almost 24 acres of South Boston Waterfront land, is dangling a choice incentive to a potential development partner: ownership of half or more of the prized location, consultants working for the firm said yesterday. News Corporation acquired the land two months ago from Frank H. McCourt Jr. [...]")('2006060', 'Lawmakers and a federal regulator criticized the ousted former chief executive of Fannie Mae, Franklin D. Raines, on Tuesday as a House panel aired government accusations of a six-year accounting fraud at the mortgage giant. The chairman of the subcommittee holding the hearing, Representative Richard Baker, Republican of Louisiana, contended that Mr. Raines probably lied [...]')('2006060', "Shareholders of the troubled General Motors approved two proposals on Tuesday aimed at giving them more influence over the way directors are elected, the first time they have defied G.M.'s recommendations. For G.M., which faces an array of competitive and cost issues, the votes, which were nonbinding, were another reflection of the company's diminished fortunes [...]")('2006060', 'With the Senate expected to vote as early as Thursday on whether to repeal the estate tax permanently or to exempt more wealth and apply lower rates, certain families are watching with more than idle interest. Over the last decade, 18 of the wealthiest families in the country have spent more than $200 million lobbying [...]')('2006060', 'Two consumer chain auctions are keeping bankers at CIBC World Markets busy. The bank is sending books out to prospective buyers of Herbal Magic, a portfolio company of private equity firm Trivest Partners that operates diet centers and sells herbal supplements. The Herbal Magic auction is kicking off as second-round bids are coming in for [...]')('2006060', "AirCell has won a coveted chunk of airplane-to-ground broadband Internet spectrum from the Federal Communication Commission, thanks to some last minute help from a private equity firm, Ripplewood Holdings. But while AirCell submitted elaborate restructuring plans to the F.C.C. describing Ripplewood's planned role in the company, it is still unclear exactly how Ripplewood's investment will [...]")('2006060', 'Ideal Image Development secured $16 million in equity and debt financing from two nationally known investment firms. HIG, a Miami-based private equity and venture capital firm, led the financing, while Orix Venture Finance provided venture debt financing in the transaction, according to a release. Go to Article from Tampa Business Journal »')('2006060', "Opus Capital said Tuesday that the new firm closed its first fund, raising more than $280 million, up from an initial target of $250 million. The successful fundraising reflects the team's track record and the size of an investment pool in line with a fund pursuing seed and early-stage investment opportunities. Go to Article San [...]")('2006060', 'Canaan Partners believes its new India office, which will invest in early-stage Internet and wireless investments, may one day rival its Menlo Park, Calif., space. Only about 3 percent of India\'s citizens currently use the Internet, said Canaan Partners General Partner Deepak Kamra. "The growth potential is mind-boggling." With no set allocation, Canaan plans to [...]')('2006060', "Hynix Semiconductor, the world's second-largest maker of memory chips, and its creditors will sell shares and bonds valued at as much as $2.7 billion this month after the stock jumped sevenfold in the past three years. Hynix's lenders, led by Korea Exchange Bank, will meet investors at home and abroad at the end of June [...]")('2006060', 'France Telecom plans to sell part or all of its majority stake in its yellow-pages unit PagesJaunes, saying the unit is not part of its main strategy. The board yesterday approved a management proposal to "prepare a partial or full divestiture" of the stake, France Telecom said on Wednesday. The Paris-based phone company owns 54 [...]')('2006060', 'With talk of big bonuses for 2006 already swirling on Wall Street, investment bankers may find that a few cases of exceptional Bordeaux go well with a fat pay-check. The Berry Brothers wine-buying team has recently returned from Bordeaux and they say that there is little doubt that 2005 is one of the greatest vintages [...]')('2006060', 'Not many journalists become bankers. The two trades are too far apart, no matter how often they meet to swap gossip over lunch and drinks. But Bloomberg columnist Matthew Lynn says one reporter-cum-UBS-banker-cum-author is an exception to the rule, and a good one at that: David Freud, a Financial Times columnist who became a senior [...]')('2006060', 'A bank known to high-net-worth individuals around the world, Credit Suisse is taking its brand of private client services Down Under. The bank will launch a private banking business in Australia later this year following the appointment of Cedric Davies to head the division starting September 1. Go to Article from FinanceAsia »')('2006060', "Lunch, anyone? Billionaire Warren Buffett will auction another lunch on eBay's Web site in late June to benefit a San Francisco non-profit, in what has become an annual tradition that last year raised $351,100 from an anonymous bidder. The Glide Foundation, which offers programs for the poor, hungry and homeless, announced the auction on its [...]")('2006060', "Huawei Technologies, the Chinese telecommunications equipment maker, has reached a preliminary deal to buy most of the assets of a smaller rival, Harbour Networks Holdings, according to executives at the two companies. Financial terms of the agreement have not been set. If finalized, a deal would expand fast-growing Huawei's presence in the market for data [...]")('2006060', '180solutions, which makes software commonly known as adware, has acquired Hotbar of New York for an undisclosed amount of money. As part of the announcement, 180solutions will be renamed after its consumer brand: Zango. The merger is not about cost savings, said York Baur, Zango\'s executive vice president, but "about growth and momentum. Together, we [...]')('2006060', "Yahoo is buying a 10 percent stake in Gmarket, South Korea's No.2 online retailer, giving it a foothold in one of Asia's fastest-growing e-commerce industries. The deal puts Yahoo in competition with eBay in South Korea's $11 billion online retail market, which eBay has long dominated. Yahoo said it had agreed to buy the stake [...]")('2006060', "Unitab directors stand firm on a merger with Tattersall's as Tabcorp wrote to the company's shareholders urging them to accept a takeover bid of 2.1 billion Australian dollars ($1.6 billion). Tabcorp's chairman, Michael Robinson, wrote to Unitab shareholders on Tuesday urging them to accept a bid of 14.25 Australian dollars a share despite resistance from [...]")('2006060', 'Falconbridge has agreed to sell its Norway-based Nikkelverk refinery and other assets for $650 million, paving the way for regulators to speed up approval of its takeover by Inco, the companies said on Wednesday. Falconbridge will sell the assets to LionOre Mining International for $650 million, of which $400 million is in cash and $250 [...]')('2006060', 'A utility operator, the Constellation Energy Group said on Tuesday it would explore selling 3,145 megawatts worth of gas-fired electrical generation plants as part of a strategy to focus on its coal and nuclear generation assets. Constellation, whose planned sale to the FPL Group has faced high regulatory hurdles in Maryland, said the plants in [...]')('2006060', "The pharmaceutical company Pfizer received bids worth more than $14 billion for its consumer products unit, which includes household names like Listerine and Sudafed, The New York Times reported. The offers came from some of the company's big rivals like GlaxoSmithKline and Johnson & Johnson, as well as a British household cleaning products maker, Reckitt [...]")('2006060', "UPDATE (Thur.) Midfielder Deco (PORTUGAL) has a muscle pull in his leg and is questionable for Sunday's opener against Angola. Forward Ronaldo (BRAZIL) missed the practice attended by 25,000 fans in Offenbach on Thursday with a slight fever. He is also recovering from blisters on his feet. He is regarded as probable for Tuesday's opener [...]")('2006060', 'A Spanish property tycoon, Luis Portillo, laid the foundation Tuesday for what may be the biggest coup of his career with a deal by his Grupo Inmocaral for a 39.37 percent stake in Inmobiliaria Colonial that values the larger property group at 6.58 billion euros ($8.52 billion), including debt. After a meeting of its executive [...]')('2006060', "Resolution, a British administrator of life insurance funds that are closed to new business, will pay 3.6 billion pounds ($6.7 billion) to buy the life units of Santander Central Hispano's Abbey National. Resolution will raise 1.54 billion pounds in a rights offering to finance the deal, the London-based company said on Wednesday in a Regulatory [...]")('2006060', 'Intel is in talks with several private investment firms and rival chipmakers to sell all or part of its struggling communication-chip businesses in a single sale or series of deals that could fetch as much as $1 billion, MarketWatch said. Intel Capital, the in-house strategic-investment arm that is overseeing the sale, is pushing to complete [...]')('2006060', 'The struggle for control over stock exchanges took a political turn on Tuesday as President Jacques Chirac of France said that he preferred an all-European deal but backed away from the overt protectionism that has characterized French economic policy. Last week, the NYSE Group reached an agreement to buy Euronext, a four-country exchange with origins [...]')('2006060', 'The famed money manager Mario Gabelli has cleared away another one of his legal challenges, but the world will have to wait until later this month to find out exactly how much the latest settlement will cost him. A few weeks after resolving a lawsuit filed by two of his earlier investors, Mr. Gabelli has [...]')('2006060', 'Edward Lampert\'s sits on 5.8 acres with a deepwater dock. Steven Cohen\'s comes with a full-size indoor basketball court and an outdoor ice-skating rink. The one belonging to Paul Tudor Jones II looks like "a cross between Tara and a national monument." Welcome to the house tour of Greenwich, Conn. This visit comes courtesy of [...]')('2006060', 'NBC wins ratings for night with season finale of game show Deal or No Deal (S)')('2006060', "J B Handley letter, prompted by Cammie McGovern June 5 Op-Ed article on autism, says treatment of autism leads to 'recovery'")('2006060', 'Linda H Davis letter, prompted by Cammie McGovern June 5 Op-Ed article on autism, praises her autistic son')('2006060', 'Monsignors Guy A Sansaricq, Octavio Cisneros and Frank J Caggiano are elevated by Pope Benedict XVI to serve as auxiliary bishops in Roman Catholic Diocese of Brooklyn; photo (S)')('2006060', 'Robert De Niro donates his vast movies archives, including 100 boxes of annotated scripts, notes and more than 3,000 costume items and props, to Harry Ransom Humanities Research Center at University of Texas, Austin; photo (S)')('2006060', 'Dr Charles A Amenta III letter, prompted by Cammie McGovern June 5 Op-Ed article on autism, discusses stresses of parenting autistic child; drawing')('2006060', 'Advertisers and agencies, after two-week delay led by ABC network seeking to use different Nielsen ratings to set rates, start buying commercial time on broadcast television networks for 2006-7 season (S)')('2006060', 'Tomato condiments like vinegar, pesto and tapenade are available at various gourmet shops in New York City; photo (S)')('2006060', 'Kitty Prendergast letter says she agrees with Cammie McGovern (June 5 Op-Ed article) that total recovery from autism is not realistic goal, but says parents of autistic children should not give up hope or stop trying to make their kids better')('2006060', 'Photo of Houston Astros pitcher Roger Clemens in minor league start')('2006060', "Barbara Coccodrilli Carlson letter, prompted by Cammie McGovern June 5 Op-Ed article on autism, says her son has not 'recovered' from autism but he has 'developed beautifully'")('2006060', 'Kuhn Rikon makes gadget for stripping corn from cob; photo (S)')('2006060', 'Kansas City Royals selecto')('2006060', 'Robert J Schmoldt letter says he agrees with Cammie McGovern June 5 Op-Ed calling for more government support for families with autistic children')('2006060', 'Ron Lowe letter, prompted by June 6 article, says Pres Bush and GOP will use same-sex marriage issue as diversion, campaign tool and wedge issue during midterm elections to invigorate their base')('2006060', "Letter from Michael Ruffner, vice chancellor of Louisiana State University, says May 30 article created perception that university has tried to limit hurricane expert Ivor van Heerden's access to press and silence his voice after Hurricane Katrina; says LSU arranges many of van Heerden's media opportunities and that university supports total freedom of expression")('2006060', "Julia Moskin profiles Ana Sortun, chef at Oleana restaurant in Cambridge, Mass; Sortun's food is heavily influenced by traditions of Middle East; photos; recipes (M)")('2006060', 'W David Jenkinson letter, prompted by Cammie McGovern June 5 Op-Ed on autistic children, laments lack of focus on autistic adults')('2006060', 'Mark Bittman offers recipe for rhubarb soup (M)')('2006060', "Sen George S McGovern and New York City Council Speaker Christine C Quinn speak at City Hall in effort to encourage more families to participate in city's free breakfast program for public school students; fewer than 20 percent of students take advantage of program (S)")('2006060', 'Some scrapbooking enthusiasts are using computers to create layouts that would have taken many hours of painstaking cutting and pasting; women, who comprise bulk of scrapbookers, are not traditionally those who make major computer purchases, so companies like Adobe and Hewlett-Packard are taking notice and marketing products specifically to them; several Web sites have been created to support digital scrapbooking; photos (M)')('2006060', 'Dan Woog letter, prompted by June 3 article on best-selling cars in US, praises his Toyota Camry')('2006060', 'NCAA releases list of schools it considers illegitimate and from which it will no longer accept transcripts on behalf of athletes (M)')('2006060', 'Edmonton Oilers prepare to face Carolina Hurricanes in Game 2 of Stanley Cup finals (M)6')('2006060', "Chris Zeman letter says June 5 editorial on classification of two kinds of coral as threatened under Endangered Species Act correctly highlights need to protect corals that contribute to sustenance of oceans' ecosystems")('2006060', 'Stinky Bklyn in Carroll Gardens carries variety of cheeses; photo (S)')('2006060', 'Photos of marquis for Manhattan Memories, fictional musical starring Spider-Man character Mary Jane Watson, that was put up at Broadhurst Theater for filming of movie Spider-Man 3')('2006060', 'Craig Sobel is arraigned on murder charges in in Brooklyn in connection with shooting death of Dominick Masseria in 1989; authorities are attempting to connect retired FBI supervisor R Lindley DeVecchio to murder in relation to remarks he made to Colombo organized-crime family about possible witness Patrick Porco, who was later murdered (S)')('2006060', 'Los Angeles Dodgers defeat New York Mets, 8-5; photo (M)')('2006060', 'Really Cool Foods market in Manhattan offers ingredients that have been washed and are ready for cooks to use; recipes; photo (S)')('2006060', 'Five New York Times photographers describe advantages of digital cameras in news photography; photos (M)')('2006060', 'Photos of Dora Espinoza and Jon Buckley filming life on Broadway as part of project by documentary filmmaker Robert Liano')('2006060', "Wynton Marsalis performs at Apollo Theater for Jazz at Lincoln Center's fifth annual spring gala after monthlong hiatus caused by lip inflammation; photo (S)")('2006060', 'More than 2,000 New York City school bus drivers vote to authorize strike beginning June 30 if no new contract is reached by then; main issue in dispute between coalition of about two dozen bus companies and Amalgamated Transit Union is health benefits (S)')('2006060', 'Many couples see wedding as chance to outfit their dream kitchens and this is reflected in their gift registries; list of basics for modern cook and suggestions for avoiding items that will probably never be used; recipes to break in new kitchen tools; photo; drawings (M)')('2006060', "Alexandra Siess letter directs readers who are concerned with health of fish stock and environment to Monterrey Bay Aquarium's Seafood Watch Web site for further information about which fish to buy and eat (May 31 article)")('2006060', 'Joshua J Sirefman is appointed interim president of New York City Economic Development Corp, succeeding Andrew M Alper (S)')('2006060', 'George Borges is arrested on charges of robbery and attempted murder in connection with stabbing of Saul Magzamere and Claire Harnan in their apartment on Upper West Side of Manhattan (S)')('2006060', 'Zadie Smith wins $56,050 Orange Prize for Fiction for book On Beauty; photo (S)')('2006060', 'David Jason Fischer letter, prompted by Bob Herbert June 5 Op-Ed on Boston effort to improve skills and career opportunities of low-wage workers, says in New York City, anticipated retirement of thousands of baby boomers will create unprecedented opportunity for employment')('2006060', "The tears were flowing fast and free at my daughter Emilie's last-day-of-school party Wednesday morning. And it wasn't just because the kindergartners were hyped-up and over-sugared. One mom burst into tears when I went up to say hello. She'd had a little run-in with another mom, who'd scolded her for showing up late with the [...]")('2006060', "This is the last in a weeklong series of columns on how genes move and change. This week, I've considered several ways in which genomes acquire new genes - and still I've been nowhere near exhaustive. All the same, a picture emerges: genes can come from any number of places, and genomes are built from [...]")('2006060', 'Yes, hard to believe. I think there has rarely been a Thursday when I have arrived at Silverstone to find a hot and sunny day. As I look outside the media center window above the straight as I write these words, I see a clear blue sky. It almost invariably rains here on Thursday. My [...]')('2006060', "But many that are first shall be last, and the last shall be first. Matthew 19:30 It seems apt to begin an analysis of Spain during this current World Cup by quoting Matthew's little quip from the New Testament. It has not, of course, been taken on as the team's official slogan for the competition, [...]")('2006060', 'In just a few charts you will have everything you need to know about the state of residential real estate in the United States. Northern Trust in Chicago put out two reports on housing late last month and its charts of sales and mortgage activity describe a market that has fundamentally changed. For a little [...]')('2006060', "Could New Yorkers soon feel the effect of Washington's homeland security cuts in their wallets? Mark Page, the city's budget director, refused to rule out the possibility of tax increases today when he was asked about the effect of the reduction in federal antiterror money for New York City during a daylong series of budget [...]")('2006060', "Tomorrow we'll be bringing you live play-by-play commentary of the World Cup opener, Germany-Costa Rica, as well as the day's second game, Poland-Ecuador, right here on this blog. Our coverage of Germany-Costa Rica will begin sometime before the opening kickoff at noon, New York time, and will include the pre-match ceremonies in all their glory [...]")('2006060', 'Instead of being slowly drawn and quartered, Cendant is considering a short, sharp shock. The travel-and-hotels-and-real-estate conglomerate, which has been arranging a four-way breakup for months, said late Thursday that it may spin off two of its businesses at the same time, instead of on different dates. The double spinoff, expected in mid-July, would simultaneously [...]')('2006060', "Shareholders of Mirant are not the only ones who are anxious about the power company's surprising decision to lunge at rival NRG Energy. Its bondholders have a lot to worry about as well. A recent report from Gimme Credit, a credit rating firm, considers what would happen to Mirant's balance sheet if it should succeed [...]")('2006060', '"We can\'t know today what the success will mean," William M. Arkin writes of Abu Musab al-Zarqawi\'s death at his Early Warning blog at washingtonpost.com. But that doesn\'t mean we can\'t speculate! A sampling of the growing blogbuzz: National Review editor Rich Lowry passes along the formulation of an anonymous Bush administration official: "At worst [...]')('2006060', 'Anyone who watched the Czechs dominate Euro 2004 right up until the moment their freakishly-talented midfielder Pavel Nedved had to be taken off the field during the semi-final, with an injury to one of his freakishly-flexible knees, will understand why nerves are jangling in Praha today over the news that, as the BBC puts it: [...]')('2006060', 'It may be a hit with the Wall Street masses, but some analysts are saying that stories about an impending takeover of video rental chain Movie Gallery are hard to believe. BusinessWeek Online takes a look at the usual suspects - Blockbuster and Netflix – that are suggested as possible acquirers for the company and [...]')('2006060', 'If you read my colleague Florence Fabricant\'s "Off the Menu" column in Wednesday\'s Dining section, you learned that Thomas Keller, the chef and part owner of the French Laundry in the Napa Valley and Per Se and in the Time Warner Center, is poised to expand even further.')('2006060', "One day to go! World Cup fever is everywhere - all over the world, they're going nuts with anticipation. And we say ... get on with it already! In Berlin yesterday there was a huge kickoff party that drew about 250,000 people to the Brandenburg Gate. From here it looked like fun, but the Germans [...]")('2006060', 'Here is a little-noticed side effect of the new rules requiring hedge funds to register with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Some managers of funds of funds - popular investment vehicles that collect money to invest in a variety of hedge funds - say they are getting hit with a "liquidity mismatch" when their investors [...]')('2006060', 'Readers respond to Bob Herbert\'s June 8 column, "Other People\'s Blood" Elizabeth Gray, Austin, Tex.: I think about the pain and the incredible heartache of the Iraqis every day. I know how much I love and would miss the members of my family, and even more so if the cause of death were as idiotic [...]')('2006060', 'Readers respond to David Brooks\'s June 8 column, "Savagery\'s Stranglehold" Tom Tucker, Rochester, N.Y.: Replace insurgents with Republicans, and Iraq with American politics, and the article would sound much the same. There is a certain irony in hearing someone decry indecency while supporting a president who labels all who oppose him as traitors, who desecrates [...]')('2006060', 'The law firm Goodwin Procter is staffing up its private equity team in a big way. On Thursday, it announced that it hired two private equity lawyers in New York. Earlier this week, the Boston-based firm welcomed three new private equity partners in its Washington D.C., office. The New York hires, both of whom come [...]')('2006060', 'Suozzi: \'"Pretty much as expected." (James Estrin/The New York Times) Tom Suozzi entered the governor\'s race with much fanfare, promising to shake up what he kept calling Eliot Spitzer\'s "coronation." But Mr. Suozzi has made hardly any traction in statewide polls and his daily attacks against Mr. Spitzer haven\'t got all that much press. Still, [...]')('2006060', 'Many readers of The Times have a particular fondness for the quality of the obituaries that appear in the paper. Several have written in with questions about how the newsroom goes about deciding which obituaries to write. In a message sent to us last week, a reader wondered why The Times has not yet published [...]')('2006060', "A reader scanning the German-language press for us writes in this morning to make sure we don't miss this photographic evidence of just how out of hand things have gotten in the host nation on the eve of Deutschland 2006 (on the Süddeutsche Zeitung Web site). - R.M.")('2006060', '[Correction appended.] How often does a monthly magazine seem more current than blogland? The headline for the cover story - a pre-obituary, basically - in the just-published July/August issue of The Atlantic is "The Short, Violent Life of Abu Musab al-Zarqawi." Mary Anne Weaver traveled to Jordan earlier this year to learn about Zarqawi, "to [...]')('2006060', 'The Chicago Mercantile Exchange is strong enough to resist weak merger offers, even in this era of consolidation madness, Craig Donahue, the exchange\'s chief executive, recently suggested to Reuters. The exchange can be "very selective" because it is growing faster than any other exchange, he said, adding, "we are always looking at different kinds of [...]')('2006060', "Regulators at the Federal Trade Commission have waved through Alcatel's proposed acquisition of Lucent Technologies. Lucent said Thursday that the F.T.C. had ended its consideration of the $13.4 billion deal with no action, an outcome that had been generally expected. Shareholders must still approve the transaction, which is expected to close within six to twelve [...]")('2006060', 'First it was Hillary Rodham Clinton\'s "listening tour." This summer, New Yorkers can look forward to "Kitchen Talks" with K.T. McFarland, in which the aspiring Clinton challenger will enter people\'s homes (we assume by invitation) and wax political "as a mother, as a national security expert and as a candidate for the United States Senate" [...]')('2006060', 'Another big corporate break-up is moving ahead. First Data has taken the next step toward separating from its Western Union unit, filing preliminary documents to transfer new shares of the money-transfer firm to its shareholders. As a parting gift, Western Union - which sent its last telegraph earlier this year - will get $3.6 billion [...]')('2006060', 'Responding to a cloud of speculation that has engulfed it, media company Tribune said Thursday that it is proceeding "expeditiously" with a $2 billion share buyback program despite resistance from a leading shareholder. Its shares closed 4.2 percent higher, though they stumbled early in the trading session after Tribune made its announcement. The fate of [...]')('2006060', 'A company that monitors employee e-mail uses all of the e-mail that was gathered during the Enron trial as a free sample of its service.')('2006060', 'Injuries dominate the on-field news ahead of the World Cup opener between Germany and Costa Rica tomorrow in Munich (for all the injury news, go to this blog\'s earlier post, updated here.) Michael Ballack is out with a strain in what preoccupied Germans have taken to calling "the national calf," and today he lost his [...]')('2006060', 'Many a hit is followed by lackluster imitations, which may explain the less-than-stellar stock offering that Apollo Management reportedly just completed in Europe. The private equity firm raised $1.5 billion, or about $1 billion less than it had hoped, according to Bloomberg News. The stock sale came a few weeks after Kohlberg Kravis Roberts, the [...]')('2006060', "Altria's years-long spinoff of its Kraft subsidiary is contributing to some pessimism about Kraft's shares. Altria, the tobacco giant, spun off part of Kraft to shareholders in 2001, but Altria still holds about 86 percent of the shares, according to a research report from Prudential Equity Group that was flagged by Barron's Online. Those shares [...]")('2006060', "Gilbert White's Selborne Journal: Tuesday, 8 June 1784: 29 6/10 1/2; 59; S; 17. Cloudy, gleam, dark, small shower. *** 9 am. 58 degrees. Cloudy. For the past couple of days, the place has been full of the sound of red-winged blackbirds. Nothing unusual in that, really. But it raised a hope in us that [...]")('2006060', 'Everyone is celebrating the death of Abu Musab al-Zarqawi (Laura Rozen\'s declaration, "A great victory for the forces of civilization," at her War and Piece blog is typical), but Jason Zengerle, a senior editor at The New Republic, finds his enthusiasm dampened by a "myth-busting piece by Mary Anne Weaver in the new Atlantic." "At [...]')('2006060', 'Investors should buy shares of contracting and energy services giant Halliburton before "several obvious catalysts" take effect in the coming months, according to a research note from Friedman, Billings, Ramsey highlighted on Barron\'s Online. Chiefly, Halliburton\'s plan to sell about 20 percent of subsidiary Kellogg, Brown & Root in an initial public offering will add [...]')('2006060', "Parting is sometimes sweet sorrow. Returning? That's a different question. For Morgan Stanley and especially chief executive John J. Mack, the return of Jon A. Anda represents a victory for the firm's efforts talent pool for more than a year. For Joseph R. Perella, the former Morgan rainmaker who had lured Mr. Anda to his [...]")('2006060', 'Charles Dharapak/Associated Press George W. Bush vs. Abu Musab al-Zarqawi is one thing. But Hillary Clinton vs. Ann Coulter is a fight of an entirely different order. Mrs. Clinton spoke for a lot of New Yorkers yesterday when she called out Ms. Coulter over the conservative pundit\'s new book, "Godless: The Church of Liberalism." Hillary [...]')('2006060', 'It might be a good idea to keep Windows Vista, the upcoming new version of Windows, in mind when buying a new computer.')('2006060', "Nomura Holdings and a private equity firm, CVC Capital Partners, said on Thursday they would lead a buyout of the restaurant chain Skylark Company for up to $2.4 billion, marking Japan's biggest management buyout to date. In a move that analysts say will protect Skylark from becoming a possible takeover target, Nomura Principal Finance and [...]")('2006060', "Enodis, a British maker of restaurant equipment, said on Thursday it had rejected a bid approach from the Manitowoc Company, a construction equipment maker based in the United States, that values the company at about 975 million pounds ($1.8 billion). Enodis, which makes fryers, grills and refrigerators for fast-food restaurants such as McDonald's and Burger [...]")('2006060', 'A Rhode Island businessman who said he was illegally tipped off to the 2000 sale of U.S. Foodservice to the Dutch retailer Ahold pleaded guilty yesterday to insider trading and charges related to an accounting scheme. The businessman, Brady Schofield, 39, who owns several seafood and produce companies that supplied U.S. Foodservice, pleaded guilty to [...]')('2006060', "The Securities and Exchange Commission is conducting an informal inquiry of Maxim Integrated Products' stock-option grants and practices, company officials said Wednesday evening. The Sunnyvale, Calif.-based maker of analog and mixed-signal integrated circuits joins a growing number of companies, many in the technology sector, that have been contacted by federal investigators and prosecutors about stock [...]")('2006060', 'A legal wrangle in America about whether the former chairman of Deutsche Bank conspired to topple the empire of media mogul Leo Kirch will continue after an appeals court overturned an earlier ruling and said the case should be re-examined. Kirch took his original action in the United States two years ago. That court ruled [...]')('2006060', "Although the future of Arbinet-thexchange could hinge on a proxy fight pitting management against the company's founder, Alex Mashinsky, whichever side wins faces a major task nursing the ailing electronic telecommuncations exchange back to health. Arbinet shareholders will vote June 15 in New Brunswick, N.J., to elect two of the company's board candidates or to [...]")('2006060', 'The auto parts maker Delphi has asked the United States Bankruptcy Court to extend until February its sole right to file a reorganization plan, citing the size and complexity of its restructuring. Delphi, which filed the biggest bankruptcy in United States automotive history in October 2005 and now has the exclusive right to file a [...]')('2006060', "BAE, Britain's biggest arms company, was yesterday at the center of a fresh corruption inquiry, after British police and Serious Fraud Office investigators raided the Chelsea home of one of the company's agents. Investigators are probing payments made by BAE during the government sale of two British frigates to Romania. Ministry of Defence police arrested [...]")('2006060', 'The cable operator Cablevision Systems filed a countersuit on Wednesday against several Hollywood studios and television networks that are trying to block its planned network-based digital video recorder. In an 18-page lawsuit filed in Federal District Court in Manhattan, Cablevision said it was protected by "fair use" legal precedents established in the Sony-Betamax video case [...]')('2006060', "Rick Kaplan, who led MSNBC to some gains in viewers but was ultimately unable to raise its standing as the third-ranked cable news network, resigned abruptly yesterday afternoon. Mr. Kaplan's departure was announced by Steve Capus, president of NBC News, in an e-mail message to the staff of MSNBC and the network's news division. Neither [...]")('2006060', 'Oak Hill Capital Partners has acquired a controlling stake in Primus International, an aerospace parts company that had $100 million in annual sales last year, from another buyout fund, Rhone Capital. The deal, terms of which were not disclosed, closed Wednesday, said Oak Hill Managing Partner Denis J. Nayden. The firm tapped equity from Oak [...]')('2006060', "Ace Cash Express, which operates check-cashing stores, said Wednesday that it has agreed to be purchased by a private equity firm and senior managers for $420.8 million. The Irving, Tx.-based company agreed to the buyout for $30 a share, a premium of $3.68, or 14 percent, over Tuesday's closing price of $26.32. Ace managers, including [...]")('2006060', "Cravey Green & Whalen has retained Robert W. Baird to explore a sale of TruckPro, an aftermarket distributor of truck parts, less than two years after buying the company, LBO Wire reported. The move comes after the Atlanta-based buyout shop saw the high interest and healthy price multiple generated by the auction of TruckPro's larger [...]")('2006060', 'After sealing $39 million from its venture investors, HomeAway has started its new Web site, which consolidates several sites designed to help people find and book vacation rental homes. The company was formed in 2004 by Austin Ventures and a veteran executive, Brian Sharples, who joined the firm to steer a growth-oriented venture broadly in [...]')('2006060', 'Internet video - from episodes of "South Park" to videos of your friend singing karaoke to the latest Prince single - has exploded in popularity. But it\'s still harder than you might think to move video around. And the huge amount of video online is straining the Internet. So a handful of Silicon Valley start-ups [...]')('2006060', 'Even without an exit under its belt, ATA Ventures almost hit its $200 million ceiling for its second fund, according to Managing Director Hatch Graham. Targeted at $150 million, the early-stage investor raised $196 million in a final close after receiving higher allocations from 75 percent of its investor base. Limited partners in the fund [...]')('2006060', "The four founders of the British gaming company PartyGaming, plus one of the group's chief technicians, cashed in some more of their chips yesterday, coming away from the table with just under 232 million pounds ($429 million). But they were forced to accept less than they had hoped for their stock and sell significantly fewer [...]")('2006060', 'Christopher Cox, chairman of the Securities and Exchange Commission, has urged six major options exchanges to begin quoting a limited number of options in pennies. Options are now quoted in increments of nickels and dimes. "Quoting in penny increments will benefit investors by allowing options quotes and orders to be expressed at better prices, and [...]')('2006060', "RiverCity Motorway, the winning consortium behind Brisbane's north-south bypass tunnel, will lodge the prospectus for its A$725 million ($540 million) equity fund raising on Friday with the institutional bookbuild set to start two weeks later. The prospectus will outline the economics of Brisbane's first privately-operated toll road and detail the structure of the I.P.O. which [...]")('2006060', 'Shares of LoopNet took off Wednesday, closing 25 percent above their offering price. The San Francisco-based online marketplace for commercial real estate opened on the Nasdaq at $14.75 after pricing its 6 million shares at $12 apiece – the midpoint of its expected range – on Tuesday. Shares of the company went on to close [...]')('2006060', 'China CAMC Engineering, the first company to hold an initial public offering in the nation since a yearlong ban was lifted, attracted 213 billion yuan ($27 billion) of bids, 481 times more than the shares on offer. The share sale by the maker of farm machinery attracted 1.1 million individual investors, the Beijing-based company said [...]')('2006060', 'Rosneft, the Russian state oil company, is a company quickly growing bigger and richer, even by the standards of an oil industry at the crest of energy prices, and it has been acquiring new fields, export terminals and exploration licenses at a dizzying pace. All this expansion is not just about size. Indeed, it has [...]')('2006060', 'Lloyds TSB has dropped ABN Amro Hoare Govett and appointed Lehman Brothers as its joint corporate broker after a fiercely contested battle to advise the British bank. The move is a blow for Hoare Govett, which has acted for Lloyds for more than 25 years, and a major boost for Lehman, which has been attempting [...]')('2006060', "With Vonage's stock down nearly 30 percent, shareholders are boiling mad and the first of what could be a slew of class-action lawsuits against both underwriters and the company have started flying. But Breakingviews thinks underwriters Citigroup, Deutsche Bank and UBS deserve little sympathy: Not only was Vonage controversial before its I.P.O., the stock was [...]")('2006060', "Goldman Sachs, the Wall Street investment bank, is to start raising billions of dollars for a new private equity fund within weeks, despite the recent furor over conflicts of interest between the bank's private equity division and its corporate clients, The Times of London reported. The British paper said Goldman is seeking to raise at [...]")('2006060', "The company that bought bankrupt VarTec Telecom's assets is resurrecting a familiar brand in the Dallas telecom industry. Excel Communications, once a Dallas-based company with the nation's fifth-largest long-distance network, is coming alive again, says Comtel Telcom Assets, which completed an $82.1 million acquisition of nearly all the assets of Dallas-based VarTec this week. VarTec [...]")('2006060', 'EMC has acquired its third venture-backed start-up in as many months, snapping up an OEM partner nLayers, which provides datacenter management software. Most recently, nLayers raised a $6 million Series B round in December 2004 from Walden Israel and Gemini Israel Funds. The company has raised $9 million to date. Go to Article from VentureWire [...]')('2006060', "News Corporation halved its stake in Phoenix Satellite Television, mainland China's leading private-sector broadcaster. News Corporation sold a 20 percent stake in the company to mainland telecom China Mobile for $185 million, reducing its holding from 38 percent to 18 percent. Go to Article from Variety (Subscription Required) » Go to Article from Reuters »")('2006060', 'Business software maker Oracle on Wednesday said it extended its tender offer for all shares of Portal Software, its second extension of its bid in two weeks. The last offer expired at midnight Tuesday. The revised offer runs through June 20. Oracle in April offered to pay $220 million in cash, or $4.90 a share, [...]')('2006060', "Analog Devices said it would buy Integrant Technologies, a Seoul-based company developing tuners for mobile TV reception, for $127 million in cash and possibly $33 million more depending on future performance. The start-up, founded in 2000, represents about 1 percent of Norwood, Mass.-based Analog Devices' revenue, or about $7 million a quarter. Integrant has already [...]")('2006060', 'The newspaper publisher McClatchy said Wednesday it would sell five more newspapers it acquired from by Knight Ridder for about $450 million. The announcement brings Knight Ridder, the second-largest U.S. newspaper company, one step closer to dissolution. McClatchy said it would sell the Akron Beacon Journal in Ohio, the Duluth News Tribune in Minnesota, the [...]')('2006060', 'General Dynamics, which makes ships for the Navy and tanks for the Army, said on Wednesday its $2.2 billion acquisition of Anteon International, a government information technology and services company, is set to close Thursday. The deal, which was announced in December 2005, had been delayed by antitrust regulators seeking more information on the deal. [...]')('2006060', "A bidding battle could break out for NeuTec Pharma, which specializes in developing medicines for infectious diseases, after Novartis, the Swiss drugmaker, offered 305 million pounds for the company. Investors were optimistic a rival offer could materialize. Shares in the Manchester-based company rose higher than Novartis's offer price of 10.50 pounds a share, to 10.80 [...]")('2006060', 'The $19 billion battle for Falconbridge heated up on Wednesday with Inco\'s announcement that it had reached "an important milestone" in gaining regulatory clearance to buy the nickel miner. Inco\'s chief executive, Scott Hand said the sale of Falconbridge\'s Nikkelverk refinery in Norway should allow the European Commission to decide whether to clear the proposed [...]')('2006060', "Dealers speculated that Vincent Bollore has once again increased his stake in Aegis as volumes in the advertising group swelled to more than four times the daily average. Shares in the company, which has been resisting the French corporate raider's attempt to install two directors to the board, rose 325 pence to 135.25 pence ($250.14). [...]")('2006060', 'Plans by Prime Minister Dominique de Villepin to fend off foreign takeovers and create a second French energy champion looked less certain Wednesday after an Italian utility, Enel, showed continuing interest in buying its French rival Suez and some French lawmakers appeared to be having second thoughts. The French government arranged the 70 billion euro, [...]')('2006060', "Italy's finance minister, Tommaso Padoa-Schioppa, said Wednesday that he favored an alliance of Euronext, Deutsche Börse and Borsa Italiana, making him the second European leader in two days to call for a regional deal since Euronext agreed to be acquired by the New York Stock Exchange. President Jacques Chirac of France said Tuesday that he [...]")('2006060', "The Tribune Company's board has been seriously considering since January a spinoff of its broadcasting group, a break-up that could lead to the eventual sale of the rest of the company, a report said on Thursday. The Chandler family trusts, which oppose a planned $2 billion share buyback program, have been involved in the discussions, [...]")('2006060', "A banker at the heart of the defense of the London Stock Exchange has been in discussions about one of the City of London's largest inter-dealer brokers being acquired by the New York Stock Exchange, The Telegraph reported Thursday. The Newspaper said Richard Slimmon, a managing director of Merrill Lynch in London, has discussed the [...]")('2006060', 'With a hot real estate market and a growing generation of internationally seasoned managers, Spanish corporations are shopping for companies in Europe and the United States, outmaneuvering many of their neighbors in Germany, France and Britain. The 16 billion euro ($20.5 billion) takeover of the British airport company BAA by Grupo Ferrovial, announced Tuesday, is [...]')('2006060', 'Facing increasing pressure from angry shareholders, the steel company Arcelor said Wednesday that it would talk to Mittal Steel, which has made a hostile bid for the company. The discussions are not necessarily a prelude to a deal between the two companies. Arcelor has already agreed to acquire the Russian steel company Severstal for 13 [...]')('2006060', "A consortium led by the investment bank Goldman Sachs said on Thursday it was no longer in takeover talks with BAA, the British airport operator, in a move that analysts said should now give Spain's Grupo Ferrovial a clear run to take control of BAA. Ferrovial also moved closer to clinching its 10.1 billion pound [...]")('2006060', "After the mind-numbing complexity of the Enron trial, we were strangely comforted by the brazen simplicity of this latest, and much smaller, corporate scandal. (Plus, it has to do with pasta and not off-the-books parterships, so we can really relate.) The New York Times' Floyd Norris reports that three former executives of Buca, a Nasdaq-listed [...]")('2006060', 'Here\'s your complete guide to national-team nicknames. In other languages, national teams are often referred to as "selections," meaning teams whose players are selected to represent the nation. Be sure to Google these nicknames - you come across some great fan sites. Angola: Palancas Negras (Black Antelopes) Argentina: Albicelestes (White-Sky Blues) Australia: Socceroos Brazil: Seleçao [...]')('2006060', 'In this lesson, students share opinions about what constitutes a center of activity in a city or town. They then identify hubs of activity in their school and produce documentary films and/or photographs that highlight the sights and sounds of those areas.')('2006060', "Proving that this blog is round, we return to the subject of the ball being used in the World Cup, the +Teamgeist, manufactured by Adidas. Some goalkeepers have said that it is somehow too round and perhaps too light. In today's Times, Mark Landler examines the ball and finds, among other things, that it retails [...]")('2006060', 'New Yorkers enjoy free concert by Broadway performers in Shubert Alley, Manhattan, despite rain (S)')('2006060', 'New Jersey Nets will audition Jay Williams (S)')('2006060', "Susan Oehler letter takes issue with Charles R Morris's June 2 Op-Ed suggesting that US was egalitarian society before Civil War; cites slavery")('2006060', "Jayanthi V Ramaswamy letter says Sec Michael Chertoff makes wrong assumption that 'infrastructure' and 'new equipment' improve security, whereas in fact real security comes from having more trained people on the beat; calls for more funding for New York")('2006060', "Letter from Sens Charles Schumer and Hillary Clinton rejects Sec Michael Chertoff's comments defending shortchanging of New York with regard to homeland security financing, saying department's allocations to other cities defy logic")('2006060', 'Photo of Kimberly Dozier, CBS reporter critically injured by bomb in Iraq, being carried off plane at Andrews Air Force base, en route to National Naval Medical Center')('2006060', 'Personal Shopper Column on new wallpapers in bold colors and patterns that are hand-painted or created from digitally manipulated photographs; photos (M)')('2006060', 'Mike Murphy letter says he is dismayed at cuts in antiterrorism funding for New York and Washington, but says importance of money for rural areas like Nebraska should not be dismissed either; explains that Omaha area is important communication and transportation hub')('2006060', 'Prof Altha Cravey letter says sweatshops violate notions of reasonable working conditions, which is why student activists are demanding changes in factories worldwide; says first step is international agreement on difference between sweatshop and factory')('2006060', "Prakash Navare letter on Sec Michael Chertoff's explanations of homeland secuity funding observes that since taking office Chertoff has spent much of time clearing up misunderstandings he helped create")('2006060', 'New York Mets defeat Los Angeles Dodgers, 9-7; photo (M)')('2006060', 'David Dumitru letter says US should be building and nurturing infrastructure like Amtrak service as every other developed country does, and not starving it to death')('2006060', 'Knitting circles are springing up around New York City; handiwork is often wildly decorated; photos (M)')('2006060', "Steven J Seif letter says Sec Michael Chertoff's attmepted justification for allocation of homeland security grants is so lame as to defy description; says New York, along with Washington, Chicago and Los Angeles, are prime targets that should get overwhelming percentage of funding")('2006060', "Off Broadway theater The Promenade will close after end of its current production of Tryst; Ben Sprecher, president of Sprecher Organization, which owns theater, says that he has had offer on table for some time, but will not offer specific details about theater's fate; photo (S)")('2006060', 'Bob Pierce letter says Nebraskans are accountable for getting more homeland security money, which they requested despite knowing low threat level in Omaha; adds that Republicans are responsible for electing government that doles out security money in deplorable way, and that New Yorkers have right to be angry')('2006060', "Primary results in several gubernatorial contests: Gov Bob Riley easily defeats former state chief justice Roy S Moore in Republican primary; Lt Gov Lucy Baxley defeats six rivals, including former Gov Donald Siegelman, to win Democratic nomination; Chet Culver wins Iowa's Democratic contest and will face Rep Jim Nussle; South Dakota Gov Mike Rounds is renominated unopposed; Jack Billion wins Democratic nomination; New Mexico Gov Bill Richardson to face Republican J R Damron (S)")('2006060', 'New York State Governor George E Pataki criticizes legislature for failing to act on legislation to expand DNA database to include all criminals convicted of felonies and misdemeanors, including juveniles; Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver says Assembly is working on its own proposal (S)')('2006060', "Prof Mark Barenberg letter on Nicholas Kristof's June 6 column says he cannot take seriously idea that manufacturers are producing in China rather than Africa to avoid student protests, in light of horrendous rights violations in China; supports proposal to require makers of collegiate merchandise to maintain better-paying factories in poorest countries")('2006060', "Parrish Art Museum's annual Landscape Pleasure program in Southampton, NY, will feature lectures on edible gardens and tours of rarely seen kitchen gardens and farms; photos (S)")('2006060', 'Photo of New York Yankees player Melky Cabrera')('2006060', 'New York Islanders are expected to name Neil Smith general manager and Ted Nolan head coach (S)')('2006060', "Kimpton hotel chain provides some of its bedding, artwork, carpets and wallpaper for set design of Neil LaBute's new play Some Girl(s); photo (S)")('2006060', 'New Irish restaurant called Trinity Place opens in former bank vault near Wall Street; photo (S)')('2006060', "Letter from Arlen Specter's press secretary Scot J Hoeflich says senator voted marriage amendment, which he opposes, out of committee because he believes that legislation should get full hearing in Senate, as set forth in Constitution")('2006060', "Adams Unlimited in Mount Vernon, NY, an antiques and used furniture warehouse for dealers, is dealers' haunt that is open to public; photo (S)")('2006060', 'Robert Berkman letter points out that wireless computer access in public places can mean giving up enjoyable leisure time in park')('2006060', 'Winners of Harvard Graduate School of Design wallpaper design contest create pattern that looks like light playing on wall; photo (S)')('2006060', "Maybe they'll be in more of a training mode by the time their first game rolls around on Tuesday, but earlier this week those boys from Brazil sure were having a fantastic time at the World Cup. A couple of days ago Bild reported that Ronaldo, Robinho, Robert Carlos, Adriano, Emerson and Cafu left their [...]")('2006060', 'It should be our goal to completely ignore the World Cup. So said our favorite red-blooded, true-blue American pundit, Stephen Colbert, on Thursday\'s "Colbert Report." You can find his finely nuanced treatise here. John Hodgman offers a more fact-based analysis of the World Cup and the tournament\'s television audience of 85 trillion in an interview [...]')('2006060', "Achtung, Baby! as U2 might say. We've got live play-by-play coverage on this blog of three Saturday matches: England-Paraguay at 9 a.m., Sweden-Trinidad and Tobago at noon and, at 3 p.m., Argentina-Ivory Coast. Tune in for our descriptions of all the action, as it happens, at World Cup 2006.")('2006060', "Photo by Ayad RahimBaby Omar, on his father's lap, came from Iraq to Cleveland for surgery. Last week, six Iraqi politicians came through town. They were invited by the State Department to tour the country, and were hosted by local organizations in Oklahoma City, Phoenix, Cleveland and New York City. The intent of their tour [...]")('2006060', 'Argentina arrived at the last FIFA World Cup, held in 2002 in Korea and Japan, as the favorite contender for the title but in the midst of the worst economic recession in its history. This was a crisis that saw five different presidents pass through office in the last two weeks of 2001. The fifth, [...]')('2006060', 'For most of the long history of automobile racing, car designers developed new, often bizarre, technology in order to make the cars go as fast as possible. Some of that technology was not so bizarre and ended up in road cars after proving itself in the laboratory of racing. Eventually, the cars went so fast [...]')('2006060', "A temporary disruption in cellphone service this afternoon in Bushwick kept us from posting our photo coverage of the scene at Barzola, the fine restaurant where fans of Ecuador cheered their national side on to victory over Poland. While it didn't make it into the live commentary many of you enjoyed earlier, here, for posterity, [...]")('2006060', 'Alison Rose, who has her own architectural design firm, Alison Rose New York, is eager to transform any space she can get her hands on. She and her husband Kirin Smith are moving out of a one-bedroom co-op on 28th Street and Park Avenue South. This photo shows the kitchen there. When they bought the [...]')('2006060', 'The military has always been a great experimenter with social issues. Not all of them, but it has played around with New Urbanism, according to a story in The Times earlier this week. Proponents of New Urbanism argue that cities and suburbs would be more liveable if the residential areas were more dense, if people [...]')('2006060', 'This is a relief. The National Association of Realtors says the boom is over. David Lereah, NAR\'s chief economist, said home sales are settling into a slower pace. "In recent years we were occasionally challenged to find appropriate superlatives to describe surprisingly high home sales," he said. Why the change in tone from the rah-rah [...]')('2006060', "Floyd Norris writes his column in the New York Times today on the credibility of the consumer price index. He notes that when housing prices were going up, this widely used measure of inflation didn't count it, and so inflation was underestimated. Now that housing prices are flattening or falling, the measure also won't catch [...]")('2006060', 'The cult-like success of burger joints like, well, Burger Joint and Shake Shack in Manhattan --- and of In-n-Out in the Los Angeles area --- has clearly set off a burger bandwagon of sorts.')('2006060', 'Nasdaq made it clear on Friday that it has no intention of giving up on the London Stock Exchange, setting the stage for a long, hot summer of speculation over how the takeover stalemate will get resolved. Nasdaq chief executive Robert Greifeld told Reuters that his company is "incredibly happy" with its 25.1 percent stake [...]')('2006060', 'Bill Weld, former candidate for governor. (Jennifer S. Altman for The New York Times) Bill Weld may have left the race for governor of New York, but his aides confirm that he plans to use some of his leftover campaign money - estimated in the $2-3 million range - to start a political action committee. [...]')('2006060', "Wanting and doing are two very different things. That seems to be the important takeaway from CNN Money.com's recent article about the prospects for an initial public offering at American Media, which publishes the celebrity-drenched National Enquirer tabloid and Star magazine. The story makes a strong case for why American Media's backers should want to [...]")('2006060', 'Click "more" to see the play-by-play coverage of the match that took place at the Arena Auf Schalke in Gelsenkirchen. So Germany and Ecuador stand atop the Group A standings after one match, with Costa Rica and Poland on the bottom. Last look at the e-mail ... Aliya in Philly and Mike wherever you are, [...]')('2006060', 'The projected windfall just keeps getting bigger for John Kanas, the chief executive of North Fork Bancorp, which is being bought by Capital One Financial in a $14.6 billion deal. Footnoted.org is on the case. Initial estimates published in The New York Times in March said that Mr. Kanas would get $91 million as a [...]')('2006060', 'Readers respond to Paul Krugman\'s June 9 column, "The DeLay Principle" Ronald Haller, Dallas, Tex.: Thank you for this succinct assessment that should shame our \'representatives\' who support this bill - and those who voted for them. What is the new definition of patriot that includes sacrificing the most vulnerable among us to ensure the [...]')('2006060', 'Warner Chilcott Holdings, an Irish pharmaceuticals company that was the subject of a bitter takeover battle between private equity groups in 2004, has filed to raise as much as $1 billion in an initial public offering of stock. The company is owned by private equity firms Bain Capital, DLJ Merchant Banking, J.P. Morgan Partners and [...]')('2006060', 'With the Northeast becoming a major front in the battle for control of the House, two prominent Republican congressmen from New York - James Walsh of the Syracuse region and John Sweeney of the Albany region - are going up on the air with early campaign ads in their districts, where they face the prospect [...]')('2006060', 'Just when American Railcar Industries has chalked up some major accomplishments this year, including a January initial public offering that raised $185.6 million, there are worries that its chairman and founder - a certain Carl C. Icahn - may spoil the party by unloading at least some of his 53 percent stake in the company, [...]')('2006060', 'Click "more" to see the play-by-play coverage. That\'s it! A six-goal thriller, but ultimately Germany were far, far better. It must have been the bioresonance therapy. Sorry for any typos or other idiocies. Be sure to join Jeff Z. Klein for coverage of Poland-Ecuador in an hour. Goal four seals it for Germany, and the [...]')('2006060', 'Markos Moulitsas Zuniga, the proprietor of Daily Kos and the inspiration for this weekend\'s Yearly Kos bloggers conference (where so far, The American Prospect\'s Ezra Klein reports, "attendees have barely outnumbered those writing about the attendees"), has frequently professed to have no ideology other than the Democrats\' winning. But in a post this week titled [...]')('2006060', 'It looks like the battle for the world\'s biggest airport operator, BAA , is over, with a group led by Spain\'s Ferrovial outmaneuvering a consortium with Goldman Sachs up front. The Times of London writes that this latest miss adds to Goldman\'s lackluster track record for British takeovers. It runs a list of "The Deals [...]')('2006060', 'Readers respond to Thomas L. Friedman\'s June 9 column, "Plenty of Enemies to Go" Ray Teurfs, Santa Rosa, Calif.: If killing all the enemies that we make is what it takes If Democrats want to really seize control of the national security issue, they must persuade the country that they have a strategy to rally [...]')('2006060', 'The Economist takes a look at the emergence of timberland investment management organizations, or TIMOs, which pool private investments to buy timberland. Forest-products companies, which once owned the land themselves, buy the trees from the TIMOs and convert them into lumber or paper. This is big business: International Paper recently agreed to sell 4.2 million [...]')('2006060', 'A British software firm, Misys, said on Friday it had received a request from members of senior management about making a possible offer for the company, sending its shares up as much as 25 percent. "An independent committee of the board has been established to consider this request," the company said in a statement. It [...]')('2006060', 'Patience seems to have paid off for Royal Group Technologies. The Canadian maker of plastic building components, which has been up for sale for more than a year, on Friday announced an agreement to be acquired for about 1.7 billion Canadian dollars ($1.54 billion), including debt. The price offered by Atlanta-based Georgia Gulf represented a [...]')('2006060', "Got a spare $100,000? If so, you might be able to plow in into Morgan Stanley's latest creation, called the Alternative Investment Partners Absolute Return Fund. The fund is the latest step in Morgan Stanley's plan to boost its offerings in alternative investments, a category that includes private equity and hedge funds. Morgan Stanley has [...]")('2006060', 'The excitement of the opening ceremony 11:35 Okay, the ceremony is apparently over, and Univision is going back to show what we missed. Which was a German pop star of some sort. I have to classify the ceremony (and perhaps our "live" coverage of it.) as something of a bust. But the good news is [...]')('2006060', "Tribune's acquisition of the Times Mirror six years ago usually draws Bronx cheers these days, and Jon Fine, BusinessWeek's media writer, issues a loud one in his latest column, going so far as to compare the deal to the Time Warner-AOL debacle. The comparison is a stretch, but he connects some interesting dots all the [...]")('2006060', "New York is joining with Euronext, and the pair is now reportedly wooing Italy. Germany is looking for - somebody. But the consolidation fever that has gripped the world's stock exchanges has apparently not affected the Irish Stock Exchange, one of Europe's smallest. The exchange's C.E.O., Tom Healy, told Reuters on Friday that his exchange [...]")('2006060', 'It took three ballots, but the Stonewall Democrats, a gay political club, finally determined whom they would endorse for attorney general in a lengthy meeting last night: Sean Patrick Maloney, the former aide to President Clinton. The victory by Mr. Maloney, the only openly gay candidate for attorney general, came after spirited discussion among members [...]')('2006060', 'One nice thing about being editor of your own magazine: When you take off a month for a sporting event, you can turn it into work. Franklin Foer, editor of The New Republic and the author of "How Soccer Explains the World," is obsessively posting on TNR\'s new World Cup blog, Goal Post. Foer is [...]')('2006060', 'Wall Street can always use a dose of logic, but not this way. A former systems administrator at UBS PaineWebber is accused of setting off a "logic bomb" that crippled the company\'s computer systems in 2002. At his federal trial, which began this week, Roger Duronio\'s boss testified that the day before malicious code was [...]')('2006060', 'A scorecard for tonight\'s 44th anniversary dinner of the New York Conservative Party. How many times: Does former Representative Rick Lazio say "sacrifice"? Does Grover Norquist say "Denny Farrell"? (Surely, someone has filled in Grover.) Do Mike Long, the party chairman, and Joe Bruno, the State Senate majority leader, say "unity" in each other\'s presence? [...]')('2006060', "There's a housing complex in Hong Kong whose 100 rooms are each ten feet square. TEN FEET.")('2006060', 'Securities regulators are investigating whether short sellers may have played a role in the steep decline in the stock price of Internet phone carrier Vonage Holdings since its initial public offering last month, according to a published report. The Wall Street Journal reported Friday that the regulatory unit of the New York Stock Exchange sent [...]')('2006060', "It's time for General Motors and Ford Motor Company to admit to two more mistakes and sell the European carmakers each thought could stem the defection of luxury buyers from Cadillac and Lincoln, according to Bloomberg News's Doron Levin. The columnist argues that while a sale would mean eating more crow, unless they do so [...]")('2006060', "Cathay Pacific Airways will pay $1.58 billion to buy Hong Kong Dragon Airlines and double its stake in Air China, adding 21 routes in China. Cathay's stock gained the most in more than two years. Cathay will buy the 82 percent stake it does not already own in Dragonair for 8.22 billion Hong Kong dollars [...]")('2006060', "Houston Exploration has agreed to provide a New York hedge fund with some of the documents it demanded last week in its efforts to get the company to reconsider recent strategic investments. Jana Partners, which owns about 10 percent of Houston Exploration's stock, said last week the company's board had failed to fulfill its duties [...]")('2006060', "New accusations of corporate stock option abuse were leveled yesterday, this time against Cyberonics, a medical device maker that is no stranger to controversy. The company's board approved stock option grants for top executives one evening in June 2004, a few hours after receiving positive news about the regulatory prospects for a promising product. When [...]")('2006060', "Ending nearly a decade of litigation, the Delaware Supreme Court upheld on Thursday a lower court decision exonerating the Walt Disney Company's board and the former chief executive, Michael D. Eisner, over the hiring and firing of the company's former president Michael Ovitz. Shareholders contended that the Mouse House wasted company assets when it hired [...]")('2006060', "Take-Two Interactive Software, publisher of the video game Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas, has agreed to settle Federal Trade Commission accusations that it failed to disclose that animated sex scenes were hidden on the game's discs. The agreement, announced yesterday, requires Take-Two and Rockstar Games, the developer of the game, to notify consumers of sexual [...]")('2006060', "Cablevision Systems said yesterday that it would suspend a test of a new video recording service pending the result of a copyright infringement lawsuit filed by several entertainment companies. Cablevision, the nation's sixth-largest cable provider, had planned to begin testing a service this month that would allow viewers to record and play back TV shows [...]")('2006060', 'The former head of Howard Stern\'s accounting firm skirted jail time yesterday when a federal judge sentenced him to probation for hoarding stock in Sirius, the satellite radio company the radio host moved to, days before the deal was announced. "I stand before you today because I unequivocally made the biggest mistake of my life," [...]')('2006060', "As the star expert for the plaintiff firm Milberg Weiss, John Torkelsen became a legend for his ability to cap an all-night binge with a crack performance in a deposition the next morning. But his latest hangover won't be so easy to shake. As Torkelsen gets ready to start a five-year federal prison sentence - [...]")('2006060', "Apple's popular iTunes music-download service is facing fresh legal attacks in Europe. Government consumer protection agencies in Norway and Sweden want Apple to remove restrictions that prevent customers from playing music they bought through iTunes on devices made by other companies. And in Britain, one of the largest digital music markets, the British recording industry's [...]")('2006060', "Baugur, the Icelandic group vying for control of House of Fraser, is set to start due diligence on the department stores group after its indicative 356 million pounds offer won initial approval. The retail investor's offer, which values the London-listed group at about 150p a share, is understood to have won the approval of HoF's [...]")('2006060', "South Korea's Board of Audit and Inspection is likely to refer Lone Star Funds' purchase of the Korea Exchange Bank to the prosecutors' office, according to The Financial Times. The move, under which prosecutors would be asked to delve into the circumstances surrounding the private equity fund's acquisition of the distressed Korean bank in 2003, [...]")('2006060', 'True Religion Apparel, a publicly-traded make of designer jeans, has put itself up for sale, hoping to cash in on the new attraction of private equity firms and apparel companies to high-priced and fast-growing clothing brands. The Los Angeles-based company has hired Goldman Sachs as adviser, according to The Daily Deal. It is unclear what [...]')('2006060', 'The fashion designer Karl Lagerfeld has spun gold with his luxury designs for Chanel and Fendi, and his one-season budget collection for H&M was a retail phenomenon in 2004, with customers lining up in the streets. But his latest collection, a signature line that was introduced with much fanfare at Neiman Marcus and Bergdorf Goodman [...]')('2006060', 'Mekong Capital has announced that it has opened its second private equity fund, the fully-subscribed $50 million Mekong Enterprise Fund II. The fund will focus on investments in private Vietnamese companies, with an expected average investment size of $3 million. It aims to make four-to-five investments per year. Investors in Mekong Enterprise Fund II include [...]')('2006060', 'OncoMed Pharmaceuticals, a company developing therapeutics to target cancer stem cells, has raised $3.7 million in a third tranche of its Series A financing round. OncoMed also said that it has signed a development deal with a German antibody company, MorphoSys. Existing investors Latterell Venture Partners, U.S. Venture Partners, Morgenthaler Ventures and the Vertical Group [...]')('2006060', "GreatPoint Energy reportedly has raised $30 million in a second round of funding as it designs a process to derive clean biofuels from coal. The company raised $6.5 million in its first funding round from Advanced Technology Ventures of Waltham, Mass., and Draper Fisher Jurvetson of Menlo Park, Calif., Private Equity Week reported. GreatPoint's newest [...]")('2006060', "A Shanghai-based mobile device chipmaker, Fangtek Electronics, became the latest Chinese startup to lean heavily on United States backers, landing $12 million in a Series C investment from a coalition of Chinese and United States investors as companies in the United States continue to make record venture investments in China. Shanghai's Qiming Venture Partners led [...]")('2006060', 'On the surface, Colombo, Sri Lanka, may seem like a strange place for Intel Capital to invest $4 million in a new Web services middleware developer, but according to Sanjiva Weerawarana, the chief executive officer of WSO2, there are few other places the investor would actually want to be. Sri Lanka, thanks in no small [...]')('2006060', "Walden International, Asia's biggest venture capital firm, said on Thursday it is ready to invest $100 million in companies building products designed to work on compact I.B.M. computer servers. Walden, a San Francisco-based venture capital firm that invests widely across Asia, said it was setting up a new fund to invest in partners of I.B.M. [...]")('2006060', "About 200,000 Kenyans bought shares last month in the country's biggest initial public offering after the government floated a 30 percent stake in Kenya Electricity Generating, or KenGen. In their market opening, the shares closed at nearly four times the issue price of 11.9 Kenyan shillings, (16 cents), a ringing endorsement of the first privatization [...]")('2006060', 'The British cinema chain Cineworld Group, owned by the Blackstone Group, has postponed its planned initial public offering, citing stock-market volatility. The company expected the issue to have a value of 450 million pounds when it announced float plans on May 10, but apparently was faced with the prospect of a lower price. Go to [...]')('2006060', "Vonage Holdings, the year's worst-performing initial public offering, said Thursday it plans to contest two shareholder securities fraud lawsuits against the Internet phone company, several of its officers and directors, and its underwriters. Vonage said the two complaints it knows about allege the omission or misstatement of facts concerning the I.P.O.'s customer directed share program. [...]")('2006060', "A federal appeals court ordered yesterday that two former Merrill Lynch bankers convicted for their role in fraudulently inflating Enron's profits be released from prison. The two bankers, Daniel H. Bayly and Robert S. Furst, were convicted in 2004 and have been serving time in federal prison since 2005. A judge on the United States [...]")('2006060', 'Venture-backed TorreyPines Therapeutics has signed a reverse merger agreement with publicly traded Axonyx, the latest biopharmaceutical company to go this route in lieu of an initial public offering. In the past few months, companies backed by venture capital such as Infinity Pharmaceuticals and Predix Pharmaceuticals Holdings have announced plans to back into publicly traded companies [...]')('2006060', "It's been a big week for Cisco Systems. The tech company said yesterday that it plans to buy back up to $5 billion of its common shares and that the chief executive, John Chambers, will also become chairman. Furthermore, Cisco planned to announce on Friday that it is spending $47.8 million in cash to acquire [...]")('2006060', 'Sun Microsystems is ready to move off campus. In a bid to cut costs, Sun sold its Newark campus for $215 million to BioMed Realty Trust, which plans to turn it into a life sciences complex to house companies in the growing biotechnology industry. BioMed, based in San Diego, announced Wednesday that the real estate [...]')('2006060', "Electronic Data Systems, the world's second-largest computer services company after I.B.M., said Thursday that it had acquired a controlling stake in Mphasis, an Indian outsourcing company, for $380 million. E.D.S. acquired 52 percent of Mphasis, buying 83 million shares at 204.50 rupees, or $4.50, each. The price was 40 percent more than the closing price [...]")('2006060', "Determined to expand its reach into Western Europe, Gazprom, Russia's state-owned natural gas producer, has agreed with Gasunie, the Dutch gas trading company, to exchange stakes in a move that would give Gazprom access to the British market. For its part, Gasunie will gain more access to Russian gas supplies by taking a share in [...]")('2006060', "Widespread global wealth creation has fueled record-setting auction seasons with jaw-dropping sales like the recent auction of Picasso's portrait of his mistress Dora Maar, which fetched $95.2 million (it was expected to sell for $50 million) and Jeff Koons's vacuum cleaners encased in a Plexiglas box, which sold for $5.3 million (estimate: $2.5 million to [...]")('2006060', 'The president of the European Central Bank said Thursday that he would prefer to see Euronext merge with another European stock exchange operator, but added that the view was a personal one. "It\'s clear that all things being equal, my personal sentiment is that the European option is better than an external option," Jean-Claude Trichet [...]')('2006060', "Televisa, the Mexican media group, is considering establishing its own United States broadcasting network if it fails to acquire Univision Communications, the largest Spanish-language television and radio group in the United States, which is being auctioned for more than $12 billion, The Financial Times reported. Televisa's plans include an alliance with NBC's Telemundo unit, Paxson [...]")('2006060', "One of the chief critics of Micron Technology's $741 million acquisition of Lexar Media has sold its equity holdings in the target, buoying the merger's chances of succeeding. In a June 8 securities filing, a New York hedge fund, Elliott Associates, disclosed that it had sold the firm's 7.5 percent stake in Lexar between June [...]")('2006060', "France Télécom surprised industry observers by joining the Washington buyout shop Carlyle Group in negotiations to buy Austrian telecom One for an estimated 1.5 billion euros ($1.9 billion). The Daily Deal quotes an unidentified source as confirming that the duo are in exclusive talks with the owners of Vienna-based One, Austria's third-largest wireless service provider. [...]")('2006060', 'Mittal Steel has an ally in its fight to take over Arcelor – the former United States attorney general, John Ashcroft. Mr. Ashcroft, a conservative Republican, set up the Ashcroft Group, a well-connected lobbying firm, after he left the Bush administration at the beginning of 2005. On Thursday, he characterized the fight for Arcelor, which [...]')('2006060', "The Tribune Company says it is sticking to a stock buyback plan, but investors yesterday reacted as if the company might be in play. Shares of Tribune rose 4 percent on speculation about the company's future after the Chandler family – its second-largest shareholder – made public its dissent to the buyback plan. Those investors [...]")('2006060', "The German exchange operator Deutsche Börse wants to raise the cash component of its merger proposal with pan-European rival Euronext, a German weekly said on Friday. Euro am Sonntag said Deutsche Boerse's chief executive, Reto Francioni, was in intensive talks with Euronext's large shareholders about raising its cash component, part of an effort to woo [...]")('2006060', 'German drugs and chemicals group Merck has raised its holding in a rival, Schering, to just over 10 percent, threatening a planned takeover of Schering by Bayer. Schering said in a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission overnight that Merck owned 10.086 percent of the company. Merck, whose Schering stake is worth about 1.65 [...]')('2006060', "For those of us who did not make it to Hedgestock - the 1960's-themed be-in for hedge fund professionals and people who want to sell them things - Friday's report from The New York Times' Heather Timmons offers the next best thing. The event, held outside of London on Wednesday and Thursday, was billed as [...]")('2006060', "On Wall Street, it is all about lists - and where you are in them. There is the Fortune 500 and Forbes' billionaires list, not to mention the league tables that give bragging rights to investment bankers. So why should it be any different in the Hamptons, the tony, beachy part of New York's Long [...]")('2006060', "If you live in the Anglophone world, you're familiar with the concept of English spine, English bottle, the stiff upper lip or any number of other ways of expressing the idea that when the going gets rough, the English know how to tough it out. But you probably don't know about a concept that is [...]")('2006060', "More New York Times World Cup blogs, that is. Now that the Cup is about to kick off and you're ready to read, talk, think and, yes, dream about nothing else 24/7, we will be offering you several ways into the global conversation taking place across the planetary ether. To start with, we will be [...]")('2006060', "In this lesson, students compare the news angle, information sources and construction of different news reports about the death of Al Qaeda's leader in Iraq, Abu Musab al-Zarqawi. They then use what they have learned to analyze how various media outlets report on a different news story.")('2006060', 'Chinese government orders movie theaters to stop showing The Da Vinci Code; foreign film has never before been pulled from theaters in China after it has been approved for release (S)')('2006060', "Letter from Thomas J Lehner, public policy director of Business Roundtable, in response to June 2 article on Securities and Exchange Commission's proposals calling for additional financial disclosures from corporate executives, details which disclosures Business Roundtable supports")('2006060', 'Roberta Smith reviews works by Marco Boggio Sella at John Connelly Presents gallery (M)')('2006060', 'New York Islanders name Ted Nolan head coach and Neil Smith general manager (M)')('2006060', "Lee Kagan letter, prompted by Thomas L Friedman's June 7 Op-Ed on his daughter's diverse high school class, describes graduation experience at another diverse high school")('2006060', "Former Middletown, New Jersey, committeeman Raymond J O'Grady is found guilty in federal district court of accepting payments from uncover FBI agents posing as vendors; agents pretended to seek municipal contracts (S)")('2006060', 'Roberta Smith reviews works by Jenny Holzer at Cheim & Read and Yvon Lambert New York galleries (M)')('2006060', 'Oren M Spiegler letter says news of killing of Al Qaeda leader Abu Musab al-Zarqawi in Iraq is gratifying and symbolic victory')('2006060', 'Ken Johnson reviews group show Artists Against the State: Perestroika Revisited at Ronald Feldman Fine Arts gallery (M)')('2006060', 'A Sprightley Ryan is appointed acting inspector general of Smithsonian Institution (S)')('2006060', 'Roberta Smith reviews exhibition of works by Wangechi Mutu at Sikkema Jenkins & Company gallery (M)')('2006060', 'Holland Cotter reviews sculptures by James Lee Byars at Perry Rubenstein Gallery, Mary Boone Gallery and Michael Werner Gallery; photo (M)')('2006060', "Harold J Smith letter says he agrees with Bob Herbert June 8 column about tragedy of ill-considered war in Iraq, but says US cannot 'cut and run'")('2006060', 'John A Viteritti letter agrees with Bob Herbert (June 8 column) that Americans are in denial about Iraq war, but says Americans are preoccupied with more immediate domestic concerns')('2006060', "Felicia Nimue Ackerman letter, prompted by Paul Fortunato June 2 Op-Ed on movie The Da Vinci Code and its portrayal of Opus Dei, questions Fortunato's claim that element behind Opus Dei's 'corporal mortification' practice is to feel solidarity with poor and suffering")('2006060', "Peg Birmingham letter says David Brooks's June 8 column that speaks of 'evil' and 'lies' in Iraq could be talking about Bush administration")('2006060', 'Robert Harris letter says US government deserves credit for killing of Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, Al Qaeda leader in Iraq')('2006060', "Bruce Shames letter says David Brooks June 8 Op-Ed about difficulty of fighting insurgents in Iraq does not mention that US began war for 'immoral reasons'")('2006060', 'Irene Papoulis letter, prompted by David Brooks June 8 column, says Abu Musab al-Zarqawi may have been killed, but there are many more to take his place; drawing')('2006060', 'New York Yankees outfielder Gary Sheffield will undergo wrist surgery (M)')('2006060', 'Munjed Farid al Qutob letter says killing of Abu Musab al-Zarqawi is long-awaited and welcome contribution toward restoring stability to Iraq')('2006060', "Robert S Steiner letter sends best wishes to Thomas L Friedman's daughter and her high school graduating class (June 7 Op-Ed)")('2006060', "Mel and Constance W Schwartz letter, prompted by Thomas L Friedman June 7 Op-Ed on diversity of his daughter's high school graduating class, says celebrating diversity is what makes America proud")('2006060', "Letter from Marty Markowitz, Brooklyn, NY, borough president, says Brooklynites applaud cleanup effort from Exxon Valdez oil spill (Jun 2 article) but want ExxonMobil to clean up 'long-ignored' oil leak between Greenpoint, Brooklyn and Queens")('2006060', 'Photo of Germany soccer player Michael Ballack, who will miss start of World Cup with injury')('2006060', "Victor Chen letter says killing of Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, Al Qaeda's leader in Iraq, is 'good thing'")('2006060', 'Photo of Harvard University Pres Lawrence H Summers, who is quitting June 30, shaking hands with graduates')('2006060', "Michael Reyes letter says he is glad that Abu Musab al-Zarqawi has been killed, but he finds reported euphoria 'unbecoming'")('2006060', 'List of leading real estate investment trust acquisitions, April 2004 to June 2006, in wake of acquisition of Trizec Properties; graph (S)')('2006060', 'Ken Johnson reviews paintings by Anne Thompson at Hudson Franklin gallery (M)')('2006060', 'Fox wins ratings for Wednesday night with help from reality series So You Think You Can Dance, which is most watched show of evening (S)')('2006060', "Mike Kupfer letter, prompted by Bob Herbert June 8 Op-Ed on Iraq, laments Americans' lack of outrage over war")('2006061', "In Mexico, soccer is as popular as any religious fiesta. It wasn't always that way. During the first half of the 20th century, it was rivaled by other sports. Baseball was brought into the country by U.S. companies (mining, railroad, and oil) established along the northern border, in the tropical gulf regions, and along the [...]")('2006061', "I've been feeling a bit guilty lately, after my sweatshop column on Tuesday. The anti-sweatshop students are so well-meaning and energetic and altruistic, displaying all the characteristics that I admire in college students - and then I went ahead and bashed them in my column sympathizing with sweatshops. Here's a letter from Joel Feingold of [...]")('2006061', "Jarno Trulli, a director of the Grand Prix Drivers' Association, just told a small group of journalists that Jacques Villeneuve yesterday quit the GPDA. He would not say for precisely what reason, but the subject of Villeneuve quitting came up when Trulli was discussing how the GPDA yesterday had discussed the Michael Schumacher affair in [...]")('2006061', 'Click "more" to see the play-by-play coverage of the match. POST-GAME WRAP-UP: For me, Saviola was the man of the match, he seemed to be setting up his teammates constantly, at least until Argentina started to sit back in the middle of the second half. That means, I see just now, that I\'m at last [...]')('2006061', "I've decided to jot down a few observations as the day progresses, to try something different. A diary of the day, as it were. I'll post my first two little observations and then return periodically throughout the day with new ones. At least, that's the idea. Let's see if I succeed. - Driving into the [...]")('2006061', 'Michael Temchine for The New York Times')('2006061', 'Click "more" to see the play-by-play coverage of the match. Final A tense match. The tiny nation of Trinidad & Tobago goes down a man against the Swedish powerhouse, but they hang tough and earn a draw. Swedish fans will be disappointed. As some of you wrote, Ibrahimovic was often triple teamed. He couldn\'t find [...]')('2006061', "Gilbert White's Selborne Journal: Thursday, 10 June 1784: 29 2/10; 62; SW; 32. Rain, rain, dark & blowing. Sold my St. foin again to Timothy Turner; it looks well, & is in bloom. The 17th crop. The buyer to cut it when he pleases. *** 9 am. 50 degrees. Clouds, rain. Another heavy, dark day. [...]")('2006061', 'Click "more" to see the play-by-play coverage of the match. A terrible game, really. Beckham clearly the man of the match, but few others did anything of note. Glancing over the comments at the bottom of the page, I can\'t believe all you people followed along on the computer. Do you have Saturday jobs? I [...]')('2006061', "Here's the latest injury report, as of midnight Friday/Saturday: Striker Milan Baros (CZECH REPUBLIC) reinjured his foot during training and is doubtful for the game against the United States on Monday. Midfielder Mehdi Mahdavikia (IRAN) has a back strain and is questionable for Sunday's game against Mexico. Central defender Marvin Andrews (TRINIDAD AND TOBAGO) reinjured [...]")('2006061', 'Charles Fowler letter notes that Bush administration displayed framed photographs of dead terrorist Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, but prohibits photographing of thousands of flag-draped coffins returning from Iraq')('2006061', "June 3 article misidentified nuclear fuel produced by Iran's heavy-water program; it is plutonium")('2006061', 'Democrats are months away from elections to decide control of House but prospect of grabbing majority in Nov is bringing out ambition and division in party ranks; Rep John P Murtha surprised many colleagues by circulating letter announcing that he would be candidate for majority leader should his party gain 15 or more seats to topple Republicans from power; his move sets up potential contest with Rep Steny H Hoyer, who is Democratic whip (M)')('2006061', 'Correction on May 26 chart with article about jazz renaissance in Brooklyn')('2006061', 'Toby F Sonneman letter holds that it is fine to be sympathetic to immigrants desperate for low-wage jobs in US, but everyone should stop saying that they are doing jobs Americans refuse to do')('2006061', 'Omar Ibrahimi letter holds that killings of iconic leaders like Abu Musab al-Zarqawi alone cannot mitigate Iraqi insurgency')('2006061', 'John Chalmers letter holds that demise of Abu Musab al-Zarqawi is another feel-good moment in war, but emotions of these moments fade quickly')('2006061', 'Trey Joseph Wadsworth letter assails Republican strategy to impede voter registration drive in Ohio (June 7 editorial)')('2006061', 'June 6 article about agreement by International Paper to sell its coated-paper business to Apollo Managment misidentified source; it was Bloomberg News')('2006061', "Hanover, NH, police search Dartmouth College fraternity house that inspired 1978 movie National Lampoon's Animal House; say search is part of nearly two-year investigation, but refuse to comment further (S)")('2006061', 'Dawn Day letter questions whether death of Abu Musab al-Zarqawi in raid was success or failure')('2006061', 'Photo of English soccer fan at World Cup in Germanya')('2006061', 'Anne Midgette reviews performance by Philharmonic Orchestra of the Americas, conducted by Alondra de la Parra, at Alice Tully Hall; photo (M)')('2006061', "June 4 article misstated given name of Edmonton Oilers' owner in 1988; he is Peter Pocklington")('2006061', 'Photo shows relatives under mourning tent in Baghdad for Zainub Kareem, student who was killed by unknown gunman outside her university')('2006061', 'Peter Steinfels, in Beliefs column, holds that highly respected legal experts on civil liberties, including ones favoring same-sex marriage, believe that its legal recognition will make clashes with religious liberty inevitable (M)')('2006061', 'Leslie Hansen Kopp, dance and music archivist, dies at age 53 (S)')('2006061', 'Correction on June 6 article about State Dept report on human trafficking, in which Germany was warned that its laws permitting prostitution could compound problem during World Cup')('2006061', 'Corrections on June 8 article about young soccer players to watch in World Cup and chart listing US soccer team roster')('2006061', "Photo of Ecuador's win over Poland in first round of World Cup2")('2006061', 'Fortune Society chmn Roland Nicholson Jr letter holds that US belongs to small club that is getting even more exclusive now that Philippines has abolished death penalty')('2006061', "Corrections on June 9 article about Dallas Mavericks' 90-80 victory over Miami Heat in opener of NBA finals")('2006061', 'Letter from James Gustave Speth, former administrator of UN Development Program, criticizes US for its hypocritical behavior at UN')('2006061', "Bayer, reacting to Merck of Germany's taking of 10.1 percent stake in Schering, says it is buying shares of Schering on open market (S)")('2006061', 'May 26 article about plans to rescind federal excise tax on long-distance phone calls referred imprecisely to history of tax')('2006061', "Correction on June 4 article about criticism of US detention center in Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, by Baltasar Garzon, Spain's most prominent investigative magistrate")('2006061', 'Correction on June 6 Market Place column; CTC Media is third Russian company to list on Nasdaq')('2006061', "Chester Hartman letter holds that John Tierney's June 3 Op-Ed column portrays many of oddities and possible injustices of New York City's rent control system; maintains that lurking behind that is far broader, more serious issue--role of 'market' in US housing system")('2006061', 'Joe Nocera column on June 3 referred incorrectly to $165 million donation to Oklahoma State University athletic department by Boone Pickens; money will be used to build athletic village near university')('2006061', "June 3 report in What's Online column about article in Ladies' Home Journal on vacation time shares referred incorrectly to author; Brett Graff is woman")('2006061', 'Federal Communications Commission has increasingly leveled fines on noncable television and nonsatellite radio broadcasters over past six years for profanity and indecency; Congress has agreed to raise current maximum fine for violation to $325,000 from $32,500; it only takes one complaint for FCC to review broadcast; FCC acknowledges cryptic nature of its review process and has released details of its decisions on 49 shows broadcast from Feb 2002 to March 2005; samples from FCC reports on six shows; graphs of complaints received by FCC from 2001 to 2006; graphs of annual fines given out by FCC from 200 to 2004; photos (M)')('2006061', 'Laurie Gindin Beacham letter holds that it is puzzling that there is boost in polls for Bush administration following death of Abu Musab al-Zarqawi; drawing')('2006061', 'David A Jaeger letter holds that strength of US economy could be used to improve welfare of 12 million illegal immigrants who live in US, to little detriment and likely benefit of most US citizens')('2006061', 'Correction on June 8 Budapest Journal column about musical based on story of Crown Prince Rudolf of Austro-Hungarian Empire')('2006061', 'New York Mets defeat Arizona Diamondbacks, 10-6; photo (M)5')('2006061', "I hereby declare this week to be ... Mad Scientist Week! In that spirit, I'm going experimental. Over the next five days, I will describe a few experiments I'd like to see done, and why. The first is to answer this question: Can taking the oral contraceptive pill change a woman's taste in men? Before [...]")('2006061', "On the day the World Cup began in Germany, I signed up for a new life insurance policy and had a medical exam with the doctor assigned by the insurance company. It was a simple examination: blood pressure, palpation and auscultation, and a blood test. During the examination, the doctor -who was in his 50's, [...]")('2006061', 'Last Thursday I was having my first final examination of the year. When I got out of the classroom, questions about soil mechanics (part of my civil engineering studies) were still bouncing around in my head. I heard someone saying something about Zarqawi. But I was not really interested. I was more interested in checking [...]')('2006061', 'Just wanted to check in to mention why I have not done a couple of the regular features of the blog. Because the race was advanced by two hours for the World Cup, the timing of everyone in the paddock was thrown off – except that of Fernando Alonso, who won with his usual metronome [...]')('2006061', 'From left, Eliot Spitzer, Tom Suozzi and John Faso at the Puerto Rican Day parade. (Photographs by Michelle V. Agins/The New York Times) As it is in every election year, today\'s Puerto Rican Day parade looked like a who\'s who list of candidates and their supporters. "By order of the mayor, everybody\'s a Boricua," Mayor [...]')('2006061', 'Welcome back to the New York Times\'s live Web coverage of the World Cup. Click on "more" for live updates on the all the action from Cologne. As soon as it hits our TV screen, it\'ll hit your computer screen. POST-GAME THOUGHTS Angola can hold their heads up having kept it close against a Portuguese [...]')('2006061', "Readers following our live coverage so far may have noticed that we're huge fans of mobile or moblogging and have been posting pictures taken at bars of fans cheering on their nations from these miniature ethnic enclaves around New York City inside some of our live game coverage. We've been using a souped-up mobile phone, [...]")('2006061', "Play-by-play coverage of the match here. Final In the end, a comprehensive victory for Mexico. It will be interesting to see how they fare against group favorites Portugal. Thanks for reading. I'll be back first thing tomorrow with Australia-Japan Check the site in an hour's time when Rob Mackey will bring you Angola-Portugal. 87:Iran are [...]")('2006061', 'Sunday morning at Silverstone with massive traffic backed up on the roads leading into the circuit, I would later wish I could deal with that the way Lewis Hamilton dealt with the "traffic" in the second GP2 race. Starting eighth, the British driver who leads the series and won the race yesterday and in Monaco, [...]')('2006061', 'Click "more" to see the play-by-play coverage of the match. Thanks for your comments, and Diego, very interesting stuff about the Univision announcers. Keep it coming! That\'s it from here. On to Mexico-Iran in about an hour - should be a fascinating game. I believe it\'ll be Victor Mather who will transcribe that match for [...]')('2006061', "As far as Sunday's Iran-Mexico match is concerned, the English-language news media has been focusing, understandably, on Iran. On Saturday, The Times had an interesting article recapping the ways in which Iranians' obsession with soccer trumps some of the restrictions the government and cultural traditions place on individual expression. And then there's the ongoing news [...]")('2006061', "U.S. goalkeeper Kasey Keller has joined the group of netminders critical of the new ball being used at the tournament, but his explanation of what he doesn't like about the ball was the first that was actually cogent. Speaking at a team news conference on Saturday (quite eloquently, as anyone who saw him on the [...]")('2006061', "Here's the full tournament schedule, with results so far, in calendar form.")('2006061', 'Drama Desk president William Wolf letter about June 4 article says that unlike Tony awards, Drama Desk awards do not separate theaters by region or size (S)')('2006061', "Photo of Aric Tegtmeier and his cousin Kyler Tegtmeier making rubbing of name of Aric's father Paul from list of firefighters on Sept 11 memorial in Manhattan")('2006061', 'Letter by Caroline Stoessinger, professor of music at John Jay College of Criminal Justice, about May 28 article says that without music education, new concert halls may go unfilled (S)')('2006061', "Correction of June 4 picture caption with Katharine Weber's essay about Triangle shirtwaist factory fire; Pauline Gottesfeld Kaufman, who worked at factory before fire, was Weber's paternal grandmother (S)")('2006061', "Article on rare baseball signed by New York Yankees' slugger Lou Gehrig that Martin Schutzer, owner of Hobby Shop in Aberdeen, NJ, bought on eBay auction in 2000 for $5,000; Schutzer, 65, who notes ball is signed on 'sweet spot' by Gehrig and no one else, is not for sale; photo (M)")('2006061', "Mark Watson letter on June 4 article says that much great musical theater talent was lost to AIDS epidemic in 80's and 90's (S)")('2006061', 'Article on Web-based memorial set up by Larchmont Historical Society that tells stories of 94 of 122 soldiers whose names are engraved on memorials within Larchmont and unincorporated part of Mamaroneck, NY; photo (M)')('2006061', 'Fred Cantor letter on June 4 article says that Tony award for best musical should be split into two categories: best original musical and best musical adaptation')('2006061', 'Former Bombay Co chief executive James Carreker, who accepted offer to take most of his $600,000 salary in stock, has taken loss; shares worth $2.2 million when he got them in 2003 are worth half as much now (S)')('2006061', 'Philip Kaplan, who regularly mocked Internet entrepreneurs on his Web site, including DealTime executive Ignacio Fanlo, resigns as chief executive at AdBrite; day-to-day management duties are turned over to Fanlo (S)')('2006061', 'Catherine Tripalin Murray letter comments on Jim Harrison May 28 essay')('2006061', 'Drs Gary P Wormser and Raymond J Dattwyler letter disputes June 4 article on Lyme disease')('2006061', 'Joseph Berger County Lines column on Simone Schloss, suburban mother of three daughters from Pelham, NY, who is pursuing once-secret ambition of becoming cabaret singer; photo (M)')('2006061', 'Drs Gary P Wormser and Raymond J Dattwyler letter disputes June 4 article on Lyme disease')('2006061', 'Correction; June 4 Pulse column did not mention Gatsbys, apparel store in Great Barrington, Mass; Gatsbys carries T-shirts by Under described in article (S)')('2006061', 'Drs Gary P Wormser and Raymond J Dattwyler letter disputes June 4 article on Lyme disease')('2006061', 'Profile of and interview with Tom Nieporte, 77, head pro since 1978 at Winged Foot Golf Club in Mamaroneck, NY, as club prepares for 106th US Open; photos (M)')('2006061', "Op-Ed article by New York State Sen Thomas Duane offers reasons why expanding state's DNA database to include all felony and misdemeanor offenders may not have positive impact on already overtaxed system (M)")('2006061', "Kenneth P Nolan letter contends that media does disservice to women by highlighting Michelle Wie's inability to qualify for men's US Open (S)")('2006061', 'Correction of May 28 review of Hugh Johnson book A Life UncorkedB')('2006061', "Rob Hollander letter on David Rabin and Robert Bookman's May 21 Op-Ed article and subsequent letter on proliferation of bars on Lower East Side")('2006061', "Anita Gates reviews Hartford Stage production of Terrence McNally play Frankie and Johnny in the Clair de Lune, directed by Jeremy B Cohen; Portia and Robert Clohessy star; also reviews Westport Country Playhouse's world premiere production of Jam & Spice: The Music of Kurt Weill, directed by Tazewell Thompson; photos (M)")('2006061', 'Article on sensitive issue of whether congestion migitation pricing, toll option that some transportation planners say could reduce number of cars on major arteries in New York-New Jersey-Connecticut region, drastically lower number entering New York City and raise money for highway maintenance and mass transit, is viable or fair; critics contend permitting drivers to buy their way out of congestion, especially lone drivers who are main cause of congestion, is bad for environment and creates two-class system for American commuters; regional transportation planners in New York area have, nonetheless, taken limited steps toward value pricing for local commutes; photos; map (L)')('2006061', 'Alice Gabriel review Ladle of Love restaurant/takeout shop in Mount Kisco, NY (M)')('2006061', "Part 8 of Jaime Hernandez's comic strip La Maggie La Loca")('2006061', "Anthony Tommassini reviews new CD featuring soprano Juliane Banse and violinist Andras Keller playing Hungarian composer Gyorgy Kurtag's Kafka Fragments; photo (M)")('2006061', 'Profile of and interview with Tom Nieporte, 77, head pro since 1978 at Winged Foot Golf Club in Mamaroneck, NY, as club prepares for 106th US Open; photos (M)')('2006061', 'Jesse Green interviews Carol Channing, legendary star of musical Hello, Dolly!, and Tovah Feldshuh, who will play Dolly in new Paper Mill Playhouse production; each actress has her own interpretation of who Dolly is and how Jewish she should be played; photos (L)')('2006061', 'UCLA asst professor of sociology Gabriel Rossman letter about May 28 article says that since audience for classical music is getting older compared to general population, classical music may become one of many niche tastes')('2006061', "Pulse article gives nine hip ideas for Father's Day gifts; photos (M)")('2006061', 'Drs Gary P Wormser and Raymond J Dattwyler letter disputes June 4 article on Lyme disease')('2006061', "Article on rare baseball signed by New York Yankees' slugger Lou Gehrig that Martin Schutzer, owner of Hobby Shop in Aberdeen, NJ, bought on eBay auction in 2000 for $5,000; Schutzer, 65, who notes ball is signed on 'sweet spot' by Gehrig and no one else, is not for sale; photo (M)")('2006061', "Tony Daniels letter about June 4 article says that Atlantic Yards project puts millions of public dollars into single developer's pocket")('2006061', 'Kevin Coyne Jersey column on decision by officials in Hazlet, NJ, to open Hazlet Swim & Tennis Club this summer following protests by township residents over planned closing; membership had dwindled from 1,500 families in 1970, when club opened, to 169 and club lost $80,000 last year; photo (M)')('2006061', 'Benjamin Genocchio reviews exhibition of master paintings from Corcoran Gallery collection on view at Parrish Art Museum in Southampton, NY; photos (M)')('2006061', 'Melanie Coronetz letter on June 4 article on Lyme disease')('2006061', "Debate arises in Connecticut over novel defense presented by lawyer Richard Emanuel in case challenging arrest and conviction of high school teacher Van McKenzie-Adams for sexual assault for having sex with two of his students; Emanuel won client's release from prison after filing appeal claiming his constitutional right to privacy was violated; photo (M)")('2006061', "Tim Russert letter says Deborah Solomon's May 14 interview with him was selectively edited to make it appear that he chose to talk about his father rather than about his mother on Mother's Day")('2006061', 'Op-Ed article by Cornell University Prof Tim Mount disputes report by New York State Department of Public Service that deregulation of wholesale electricity markets has led to significant efficiencies; calls on Gov George Pataki and Legislature to redirect experiment with deregulation so that New Yorkers are no longer victim of poorly functioning markets and higher prices than rest of region (M)')('2006061', 'Ken Carbone letter about June 4 article says Atlantic Yards project shows that great buildings can be created within realistic parameters (S)')('2006061', 'Harold Cheney letter comments on May 28 article on returning Iraq war veterans; photo')('2006061', 'Article on sensitive issue of whether congestion mitigation pricing, toll option that some transportation planners say could reduce number of cars on major arteries in New York-New Jersey-Connecticut region, drastically lower number entering New York City and raise money for highway maintenance and mass transit, is viable or fair; critics contend permitting drivers to buy their way out of congestion, especially lone drivers who are main cause of congestion, is bad for environment and creates two-class system for American commuters; regional transportation planners in New York area have, nonetheless, taken limited steps toward value pricing for local commutes; photos; map (L)')('2006061', "The Week column; City council in New London, Conn, votes to begin eviction process for remaining residents of Fort Trumbull neighborhood; all but two of seven remaining homeowners have agreed to settle with city in eminent domain case in which US Supreme Court sided with city; commuters are forced to ride buses as repairs continue on Metro-North line from Bridgeport to Waterbury after flooding from heavy rain caused rockslides and washed out ground under tracks; Stamford police change classification of death of 12-year-old Evan O'Connor from suicide to undetermined after they find boy might have died from playing choking game; photos (M)")('2006061', "Op-Ed article by New York State Sen Thomas Duane offers reasons why expanding state's DNA database to include all felony and misdemeanor offenders may not have positive impact on already overtaxed system (M)")('2006061', 'Article on LIRR Commuters Council, volunteer group that has been monitoring rude behavior in two-month program on Long Island Rail Road trains; Sandra Krebelj-Douglas, monitor who has been commuting from Deer Park for more than four years, comments; photos (M)')('2006061', "David O'Neal letter comments on May 28 article on returning Iraq war veterans; photo")('2006061', 'Article on LIRR Commuters Council, volunteer group that has been monitoring rude behavior in two-month program on Long Island Rail Road trains; Sandra Krebelj-Douglas, monitor who has been commuting from Deer Park for more than four years, comments; photos (M)')('2006061', 'Brent Muirhead letter holds that Democratic leaders must reduce their internal conflicts, which undermine their ability to operate effectively number of political campaigns')('2006061', "Op-Ed article by New York State Sen Thomas Duane offers reasons why expanding state's DNA database to include all felony and misdemeanor offenders may not have positive impact on already overtaxed system (M)")('2006061', 'Fairfid M Caudle letter contends that baseball should collect and store urine samples from players and test them for human growth hormone use when a reliable test is developed (S)')('2006061', 'Carol Goldberg letter holds that since people get shorter as they age, demand for petite clothing is about to explode, as many baby boomers shrink')('2006061', 'Stephanie Lyness reviews Pot au Pho restaurant in New Haven, Conn; photos (M)')('2006061', 'Bernard Hollland reviews new CD The Cries of London, performed by Theater of Voices vocal ensemble; features 17th-century London sales pitches set to music; photo (M)')('2006061', 'Michael Salzberg letter about June 4 article says that Atlantic Yards developer Bruce Ratner should be given credit for taking huge financial gamble')('2006061', "Pres Bush is seeking to revive falling poll numbers and faltering agenda by adding more personal touch to his presidency in cultivating lawmakers; Bush is inviting small groups of lawmakers to White House, not to discuss specific issues but to find out what is on their minds; it is hard to find evidence that Bush's new open-ear policy has led to any substantive change in direction of policy; photo (M)")('2006061', 'James Tackach letter holds that Democrats are arguing party strategy because they lack courage and creativity to begin discussion of substantial issues confronting US (Daniel Galvin June 3 Op-Ed article)')('2006061', 'Article on sensitive issue of whether congestion migitation pricing, toll option that some transportation planners say could reduce number of cars on major arteries in New York-New Jersey-Connecticut region, drastically lower number entering New York City and raise money for highway maintenance and mass transit, is viable or fair; critics contend permitting drivers to buy their way out of congestion, especially lone drivers who are main cause of congestion, is bad for environment and creates two-class system for American commuters; regional transportation planners in New York area have, nonetheless, taken limited steps toward value pricing for local commutes; photos; map (L)')('2006061', "Article on plans for Dressing Room, new restaurant, joint venture between Michel Nischan and Paul Newman next to Westport Country Playhouse; menu will feature traditional American foods and rely on organically-grown produce, cheese and meat from state farmers; menu will carry name of Newman's food company, Newman's Own, and he will donate his profits to playhouse; photo (M)")('2006061', 'Article on Web-based memorial set up by Larchmont Historical Society that tells stories of 94 of 122 soldiers whose names are engraved on memorials within Larchmont and unincorporated part of Mamaroneck, NY; photo (M)')('2006061', "Bertram Perkel letter holds that Democratic National Committee chmn Howard Dean's emphasis on organization over program is misguided")('2006061', 'Article on Rockland Bakery in industrial part of Nanuet, NY, which is one of largest commercial bakeries in area and has retail operation where customers can go through open part of plant and pick their own fresh-baked breads, rolls and bagels; photos (M)')('2006061', "South African Amb to US Barbara Masekela letter supports her nation's HIV and AIDS program")('2006061', 'Henry Halsted letter expresses disappointment in recent Book Review issue dedicated to food and cookbooks')('2006061', 'Correction of June 4 picture caption which misstated site of Atlantic Yards development')('2006061', 'Tina Getzkow letter comments on May 28 article on political blogs')('2006061', "Neil Genzlinger Critic's Notebook column on Tovah Feldshuh's rendition of Dolly Gallagher Levi in Paper Mill Playhouse production of Hello, Dolly!; Feldshuh says her Dolly is Irish-Catholic; photos (M)")('2006061', 'Diane Archer letter holds that buying drug coverage, like buying health insurance coverage, is not like buying television; says with drug coverage you cannot predict your future needs (June 5 editorial)')('2006061', 'Editorial calls on New York State Legislature and Gov George Pataki to make some real improvements in abysmal budgeting process; offers other proposals that deserve attention before legislative session ends')('2006061', 'Alice Gabriel reviews Babbone restaurant in Bronxville, NY; photo (M)')('2006061', 'Patricia Brooks reviews La Sorpresa Bakery in Norwalk, Conn (S)')('2006061', 'Profile of and interview with Tom Nieporte, 77, head pro since 1978 at Winged Foot Golf Club in Mamaroneck, NY, as club prepares for 106th US Open; photos (M)')('2006061', "List of Consumer Reports' predicted reliability ratings for three most recent model years; photos; chart (M)")('2006061', 'Kerri Allen reviews Passage Theater Co production of William Mastrosimone play A Stone Carver, directed by Robert Kalfin and starring Dan Lauria; photo (M)')('2006061', "Charles Ridley letter holds that French was very much alive in Lewiston, Me, during his younger days in 1940's and 1950's (June 4 article)")('2006061', 'Benjamin Sacks letter on June 4 article about teens becoming involved in activities to make themselves more competitive for college suggests that volunteering should be done in spirit of helping and not for personal gain')('2006061', 'Kate Stone Lombardi Generations column on difficulties of adjusting to daughter returning home from college for summer; drawing (M)')('2006061', 'International Diabetes Federation report shows number of people suffering from diabetes around world has skyrocketed in last two decades from 30 million to 230 million people, severely taxing health care systems; China and India have highest numbers of diabetics, but percentage of diabetics in some countries in Caribbean and Middle East range from 12 to 20 percent; experts agree changes in lifestyle and diet are main culprits (M)')('2006061', "Brady Schofield, produce and seafood merchant, agrees to pay more than $700,000 to settle civil suit in which Securities and Exchange Commission accused him of profiting from inside information about Royal Ahold's plan to buy US Foodservice in 2000 (S)")('2006061', 'Photo of Michelle Wie at LPGA Championship')('2006061', 'Article on Web-based memorial set up by Larchmont Historical Society that tells stories of 94 of 122 soldiers whose names are engraved on memorials within Larchmont and unincorporated part of Mamaroneck, NY; photo (M)')('2006061', 'Douglas Hein letter comments on May 28 article on returning Iraq war veterans; photo')('2006061', 'Correction of June 4 article about effect of Tony award for regional theater')('2006061', 'John F Burns article holds that question is whether hoped-for degradation of Al Qaeda network will materialize following death of Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, and whether it might help US reach out to moderate Sunnis and convince them there is place for them in American vision of Iraq; photo (M)')('2006061', "Article on plans for Dressing Room, new restaurant, joint venture between Michel Nischan and Paul Newman next to Westport Country Playhouse; menu will feature traditional American foods and rely on organically-grown produce, cheese and meat from state farmers; menu will carry name of Newman's food company, Newman's Own, and he will donate his profits to playhouse; photo (M)")('2006061', 'Joanne Starkey reviews Nanking restaurant in New Hyde Park, NY; photos (M)')('2006061', 'David Chen On Politics column on strong showing of John Ginty, inexperienced social conservative, in Republican primary for US Senate against New Jersey State Sen Thomas Kean Jr; photo (M)')('2006061', 'The Week column; division among members of Long Beach City Council results in original 25 percent property tax increase proposed by City Manager John Laffey taking effect on June 1; Republican Councilman James Hennessy and Democratic ally Thomas Sofield propose alternative that would increase taxes only 3.5 percent by selling more city property; Suffolk County activates nonemergency police hotline; State Senate overwhelmingly approves bill that would prohibit any municipality within North Hempstead from seizing private recreational property, such as Deepdale Golf Club in North Hills, to use for same purpose; photos (M)')('2006061', 'Photo of Justine Henin-Hardenne, who won French Open')('2006061', "Editorial, in wake of National Academy of Sciences report that sharply questioned wisdom of shutting Indian Point nuclear plant, holds debate over plant's fate could inspire commitment to energy conservation and efficiency and willingness to explore other options")('2006061', 'Correction of May 28 article on John Lloyd Young, who playes Frankie Vallie in Broadway musical Jersey Boys (S)')('2006061', 'Michael Whiteman letter about June 4 article says that New York is acting like a developer with an urban megaproject in aiding the Atlantic Yards project (S)')('2006061', 'People magazine has denied reports that it paid $4.1 million for first pictures of Angelina Jolie-Brad Pitt baby; examples of recent high-priced art sales; photos (S)')('2006061', 'Article on sensitive issue of whether congestion migitation pricing, toll option that some transportation planners say could reduce number of cars on major arteries in New York-New Jersey-Connecticut region, drastically lower number entering New York City and raise money for highway maintenance and mass transit, is viable or fair; critics contend permitting drivers to buy their way out of congestion, especially lone drivers who are main cause of congestion, is bad for environment and creates two-class system for American commuters; regional transportation planners in New York area have, nonetheless, taken limited steps toward value pricing for local commutes; photos; map (L)')('2006061', "Jesse Roe letter about May 28 article says that only John Adams known to today's children is former president, not living opera composer (S)")('2006061', "Ronald Bourque letter on Sharon Seitz's May 28 Op-Ed article opposing plans to build race track at Floyd Bennett Field in Brooklyn")('2006061', 'Article on LIRR Commuters Council, volunteer group that has been monitoring rude behavior in two-month program on Long Island Rail Road trains; Sandra Krebelj-Douglas, monitor who has been commuting from Deer Park for more than four years, comments; photos (M)')('2006061', "John D O'Connor letter disputes John Dean May 7 review of his book A G-Man's Life: The FBI, Being 'Deep Throat' and the Struggle for Honor in Washington written with Mark Felt; Dean reply appended; editor reply appended")('2006061', 'Howard Goldberg Long Island Vines column on decision by Bruce and Christiane Schneider to put Roanoke Point Vineyard and Potato Barn label up for sale (M)')('2006061', 'Op-Ed article by Cornell University Prof Tim Mount disputes report by New York State Department of Public Service that deregulation of wholesale electricity markets has led to significant efficiencies; calls on Gov George Pataki and Legislature to redirect experiment with deregulation so that New Yorkers are no longer victim of poorly functioning markets and higher prices than rest of region (M)')('2006061', 'Sasha Albert letter on June 4 article about pushing high school students to achieve more and volunteer more for activities suggests that children be given chance to be children')('2006061', 'Laura Shaine Cunningham article on her failure as gardener notes slight success she has gained against maurauding varmints by gardening at night; photo (M)')('2006061', 'Securities and Exchange Commission filing shows Catherine West, new chief operating officer at J C Penney, will receive pay package worth more than $20 million (S)')('2006061', 'Joseph Berger Conecticut Journal column on turnaround of Mayor Mark Boughton of Danbury, Conn, who, year after taking harsh stance against Ecuadorean and other Latino immigrants for playing late-night volleyball in backyards, has almost doubled number of volleyball courts in Rogers Park; photo (M)')('2006061', "Donald Nawi letter on Alice Elliott Dark's June 4 article about bar mitzvahs")('2006061', "Article on rare baseball signed by New York Yankees' slugger Lou Gehrig that Martin Schutzer, owner of Hobby Shop in Aberdeen, NJ, bought on eBay auction in 2000 for $5,000; Schutzer, 65, who notes ball is signed on 'sweet spot' by Gehrig and no one else, is not for sale; photo (M)")('2006061', 'Dr Karen Fitzpatrick letter holds that telemedicine might be safer and more healing medium for patients who suffer effects of early traumatic boundary violations by trusted caretakers')('2006061', 'Editorial praises Stamford, Conn, for lowering nonresident beach parking fees')('2006061', 'Cindy Morgan-Olson letter comments on May 28 article on returning Iraq war veterans; photo')('2006061', "Article on plans for Dressing Room, new restaurant, joint venture between Michel Nischan and Paul Newman next to Westport Country Playhouse; menu will feature traditional American foods and rely on organically-grown produce, cheese and meat from state farmers; menu will carry name of Newman's food company, Newman's Own, and he will donate his profits to playhouse; photo (M)")('2006061', 'Ryan Crowley letter on June 4 article about getting into college questions how much high school students must do to get into good school')('2006061', 'Photos of watches and jewelry displayed as if in a pawnshop (L)')('2006061', 'Naomi Siegel reviews New Jersey Repertory Co production of Athol Fugard play Exits and Entrances, directed by Stephen Sachs; Morlan Higgins and Dennis Hurley star; photo (M)')('2006061', "Karina Lima letter comments on R W Apple Jr's May 28 article on Leon's Russian Grill in Tehran")('2006061', 'Kate Stone Lombardi Generations column on difficulties of adjusting to daughter returning home from college for summer; drawing (M)')('2006061', "Article on plans for Dressing Room, new restaurant, joint venture between Michel Nischan and Paul Newman next to Westport Country Playhouse; menu will feature traditional American foods and rely on organically-grown produce, cheese and meat from state farmers; menu will carry name of Newman's food company, Newman's Own, and he will donate his profits to playhouse; photo (M)")('2006061', 'Carol Sexton letter on June 4 article about stoneworkers in New York City')('2006061', "Article on rare baseball signed by New York Yankees' slugger Lou Gehrig that Martin Schutzer, owner of Hobby Shop in Aberdeen, NJ, bought on eBay auction in 2000 for $5,000; Schutzer, 65, who notes ball is signed on 'sweet spot' by Gehrig and no one else, is not for sale; photo (M)")('2006061', "Donald Nawi letter on Alice Elliott Dark's June 4 article about bar mitzvahs")('2006061', 'Robert Billet letter contends that media should cover track and field instead of focusing only on sprinter Marion Jones (S)')('2006061', 'Attendees at New York City galas being held first week in June appear undaunted by extremely wet weather (M)')('2006061', 'Op-Ed article by Tufts University Department of Environmental and Population Health chairman George Saperstein on experiment aimed at making farming in Connecticut and New England profitable through creation of branded livestock products produced by local farmers for local consumption; describes ways in which state and local governments and Connecticut residents can support such farming methods (M)')('2006061', 'Peter Stamelman letter on June 4 article about stoneworkers in New York City')('2006061', 'Laura Shaine Cunningham article on her failure as gardener notes slight success she has gained against maurauding varmints by gardening at night; photo (M)')('2006061', 'Article on underground Asian band, Notorious MSG, three-man rap group made up of former Chinese restaurant workers; photo (M)')('2006061', "New School for Social Research Prof David Shapiro letter disputes opinion expressed by Stephen Behnke, director of ethics of American Psychological Assn, that participation of psychologists in interrogation of prisoners at Guantanamo Bay is acceptable and 'valuable contribution' (June 7 National Briefing item)")('2006061', 'Iraqi officials will allow current United Nations mandate to remain in effect beyond June 15 deadline for review of Security Council Resolution 1637, which authorizes American-led military coalition to continue combat operations; Iraqi government will postpone negotiations for more formal Status of Forces Agreement for presence of American and other foreign troops (M)')('2006061', 'Kate Stone Lombardi Generations column on difficulties of adjusting to daughter returning home from college for summer; drawing (M)')('2006061', 'Kelly Feeney briefly reviews Cafe Beethoven in Chatham, NJ (S)')('2006061', 'Steve Hermanos letter contends that New York Yankees do not need all-star players at every position to be dangerous (S)')('2006061', 'Article on Web-based memorial set up by Larchmont Historical Society that tells stories of 94 of 122 soldiers whose names are engraved on memorials within Larchmont and unincorporated part of Mamaroneck, NY; photo (M)')('2006061', "Killing of Iraq's most wanted terrorist leader, Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, will not end country's civil strife; there may be as many as 100 insurgent groups waging war against US forces, and often, each other; chart shows how major Sunni insurgent groups divide into three general categories; photos (M)")('2006061', "David L Evans letter contends that racist actions on part of soccer fans during World Cup is reflection of those fans' countries, which should take responsibility (S)")('2006061', 'Correction of May 21 article about opera singer Birgit Nilsson')('2006061', 'Laura Shaine Cunningham article on her failure as gardener notes slight success she has gained against maurauding varmints by gardening at night; photo (M)')('2006061', "Many commencement speakers this year are speaking out against what they consider growing belligerence of American foreign policy, while others condemn war, racism and poverty; White House officials defend Bush administration's initiatives; excerpts from speeches by Bill Bradley, Jodie Foster, Sec Donald H Rumsfeld and others; photos (M)")('2006061', 'The Week column; National Academy of Sciences releases report, commissioned in bill sponsored by Repr Nita Lowey, finding that New York could replace energy generated by Indian Point if reactors were shut down, but that other options would be costlier, create more pollution and leave New Yorkers more vulnerable to natural gas shortages; both Lowey and Entergy Nuclear Northeast praise report; Westchester County Executive Andrew Spano signs executive order guaranteeing that same-sex marriages performed in other states and countries would be recognized in Westchester; Yonkers City Council, in approving $806.4 million budget, cuts funding for long-awaited 311 nonemergency help line; photos (M)')('2006061', 'Securities and Exchange Commission filing shows that former Mannatech chief financial officer Bettina Simon received office furniture, company car and one-year, $10,000 monthly consulting contract when she left (S)')('2006061', "Hyundai-Kia Automotive Group's challenge to surmount Toyota and Honda is slowed by legal troubles of executives in South Korea and turbulence in top ranks of its American operations; photos (M)")('2006061', "Sen Lincoln D Chafee letter disputes Paul Krugman June 5 Op-Ed column about estate tax repeal and 'moderate Republicans like Lincoln Chafee' who cave in to party's right wing")('2006061', 'Benjamin Genocchio reviews Reverence, religious-themed exhibit at Hudson Valley Center for Contemporary Art; photos (M)')('2006061', 'Sandra Tait letter contends that racism in soccer exists not only at World Cup and international levels, but on youth soccer fields (S)')('2006061', 'The Week column; New Jersey state Republicans are demanding equal number of seats on series of summer committee hearings on strategies to combat frequent increases in property taxes; New Jersey Interscholastic Athletic Assn adopts plan under which it would become first state to require random steroid screening of scholastic athletes; photo (M)')('2006061', 'Article on Feeling Mizik, Haitian compas band whose members live in White Plains, NY; photo (M)')('2006061', "HIV Law Project executive director Tracy L Welsh letter on Peter Staley's June 4 Op-Ed article about testing for HIV")('2006061', 'Kate Stone Lombardi Generations column on difficulties of adjusting to daughter returning home from college for summer; drawing (M)')('2006061', 'Patricia Downey letter on June 4 article on Lyme disease')('2006061', "Robin Finn The Island column on lawsuit filed by nine Latino tenants of apartment building in Farmingdale, NY, that accuses city, building's owner, Secatogue Realty and prospective buyer, Fairfield Properties, of housing discrimination; photo (M)")('2006061', "Textile patterns inspired by Art Nouveau design are featured in black and white women's clothing seen around New York City events; photos (M)")('2006061', 'Ohio State University Prof Steven Conn letter holds that Republicans, through combination of corruption, incompetence and ideological zealotry, have gift-wrapped 2006 election; says Democrats cannot afford to look this gift horse in mouth; drawing')('2006061', 'Citigroup chief financial officer Sallie Krawcheck, who has never been director of public corporation, has been nominated to board of Dell Inc; photo (S)')('2006061', "Dale Netherton letter holds that Democrats need plan that they can articulate after they get into office that says more than 'I hate George W Bush'")('2006061', "Sheldon Peck letter comments on May 28 letters commenting on May 14 article about Google's plans for digitized universal library")('2006061', 'David Corcoran reviews Sri Thai restaurant in Montclair, NJ; photos (M)')('2006061', 'Editorial calls on New York State Legislature and Gov George Pataki to make some real improvements in abysmal budgeting process; offers other proposals that deserve attention before legislative session ends')('2006061', "Pres Bush plans strategy session at Camp David between top advisors and newly appointed cabinet of Iraqi Prime Min Nuri Kamal al-Maliki to set agenda for new government to win loyalty of disaffected Iraqis; Bush hopes to hand off leadership to Maliki's government; he has made clear that American commitment to Iraq will be long-term but has carefully sidestepped any discussion of long-term presence (M)")('2006061', 'Editorial calls on Connecticut Assembly to pass proposed bill that would give state more control over electric power generators; holds it should include provision to ensure ratepayer funds are not diverted from energy-saving initiatives')('2006061', "[Correction appended.] Welcome back to Mad Scientist Week. Today, I want to look at a question I raised in my first column: why is it that birds don't get pregnant? Or to put it another way, why do all birds lay eggs? Questions like this matter because the answer tells us something important about the [...]")('2006061', "These were some of the headlines in Monday's Iranian dailies after we lost our first game the World Cup: Branko Murdered Iran! We were good - for just one half Daei was walking! La Volpe taught Branko coaching! Goodbye World Cup Today was a very bad day. Everybody I saw was talking about the game [...]")('2006061', 'Here\'s a sample from the mailbag on my Sunday column about Duke. A lot of readers weren\'t happy. Stephen from Ft. Worth writes: "Even accepting that there was no rape, the nature of the party still reveals some disturbing racial-sexual stereotypes and prejudices among the players, which should not go without comment–the very same stereotypes, [...]')('2006061', "Former Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani. (Keith Barnes/Associated Press) Those of us who birddog Rudy Giuliani for a living have tried every which way to glean his intentions about the '08 presidential race. So: What's your best question to put to Rudy that'll get him to open up about '08? We may have an opportunity to [...]")('2006061', 'Tomorrow, Hillary Rodham Clinton is supposed to wade into the political minefield of family planning with an appearance before The National Family Planning and Reproductive Health Association. At the event, Mrs. Clinton is expected to highlight her drive to promote contraception and other measures to reduce unwanted pregnancies. While a staunch advocate of abortion rights, [...]')('2006061', "Father and son. (Mike Groll for The New York Times) After helping out his son Andrew for months, mostly behind the scenes, Mario Cuomo may be ramping up his role in the attorney general's race with a political appearance in Westchester next week, according to Politics on the Hudson. Cuomos' ally Dennis Rivera is also [...]")('2006061', "Well, that was fast. Mere hours after United Kingdom-based Signet confirmed that it was in early discussions with Zale about a potential takeover, Zale come out with a press release stating that the talks were over. Zale's shares, which rocketed 16 percent higher in early trading on Monday amid hopes of a hefty takeover premium, [...]")('2006061', "Over at the Daily Politics, Ben Smith has done yeoman's service transcribing Andrew Kirtzman's interview on Sunday with K.T. McFarland. The interview is a must-see, as Andrew tries ten times to hold K.T. accountable for the bigamy charges leveled by her chief adviser, Ed Rollins, against her rival for the G.O.P. nomination for Senate, John [...]")('2006061', 'What more does Wall Street want? Lehman Brothers early Monday posted a 47 percent rise in net income for the fiscal second quarter, topping analysts\' average estimates. Lehman chief administrative officer David Goldfarb declared them the firm\'s "second-best quarterly results ever." The firm said it planned to increase its headcount by 10 percent in 2006. [...]')('2006061', 'Readers respond to Paul Krugman\'s June 12 column, "Some of All Fears" Sherm Gallay, Lee, N.Y.: Some Republicans think war is a fine way, if not the only way, to settle disputes. Some Republicans think favor economic security of the rich over economic security of the country. Some Republicans believe that energy conservation is a [...]')('2006061', 'The Harvard University Joint Center for Housing Studies is releasing a report today on the state of the nation\'s housing. I\'ll get a link up as soon as they put one up (UPDATE: the link), but for now, here are the highlights: "While homeowners with annually adjusting mortgage rates are facing interest increases this year, [...]')('2006061', "Barry Ritholtz, the chief investment officer at Ritholtz Capital Partners and the author of the economics blog The Big Picture, is back again with another set of charts. These show the relation between housing and the rest of the economy. He has a nostalgic chart on mortgage rates (remember those 1980's?) and one that shows [...]")('2006061', 'Credit John Faso for staying on message. Shortly after Eliot Spitzer unveiled a $6 billion property tax cut package, Mr. Faso said in comments to reporters that he still firmly believed Mr. Spitzer would raise taxes. Why is he so convinced? "I think that his failure to be specific on tax cutting," Mr. Faso said, [...]')('2006061', 'After college, do people follow a job, or settle in to a place and then find work? Two-thirds do the latter, according to a survey of 1000 people aged 25 to 34. New York was the top-choice city for those surveyed, followed by San Francisco. Anchorage topped the list of places that those surveyed would [...]')('2006061', 'Click "more" for play-by-play of the match LIVE, as it happened in Hanover. FINAL ITALY 2- 0 GHANA Great match from Hanover. The Ghanaian side played physically and attacked well. They created a number of chances, but no one could finish. Essien\'s long-range efforts were never going to beat Buffon. They will complain about the [...]')('2006061', "A reader recently posed a question about the paper's coverage of the Iran nuclear crisis.")('2006061', 'Attorney General Eliot Spitzer hit back at his rivals today, who have tried to paint him as a tax-and-spend Democrat. Following a speech this morning to the New York State Conference of Mayors, he unveiled his own plan to cut property taxes by $6 billion over three years, targeted at the middle class and seniors. [...]')('2006061', 'Just as Mayor Bloomberg appears to have tamped down speculation about his presidential aspirations, there he was again, adding fuel to the fire. This time, it was at a fund-raiser for Chris Shays, the moderate Republican Congressman from Connecticut. The mayor was asked whether he would seek national office. "Absolutely not," he said, but then [...]')('2006061', 'Michael Temchine for The New York Times Bad news for Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton? The new Des Moines Register poll shows John Edwards, the former Senator and vice presidential candidate, ahead in the crucial Iowa caucuses if they were held today. Mr. Edwards was drawing 30 percent, over 26 percent for Clinton, who often prevails [...]')('2006061', 'The sunny - and lightly regulated - Cayman Islands are a favorite choice of hedge funds seeking to domicile themselves offshore. But Dublin, which has an active industry for servicing hedge funds, is working to lure more of them, according to an article in Hedgeweek, an Irish publication. There may be a way to go. [...]')('2006061', "Texas Regional Bancshares said Monday that it had agreed to be acquired by Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria for $38.90 a share, or about $2.18 billion. The announcement confirmed reports from earlier in the day that Spain's BBVA was in talks to buy the McAllen, Tex.-based bank, which had about $6.6 billion in assets as of [...]")('2006061', "The honeymoon period that followed eBay's purchase of Skype is clearly over, and many investors want to know what is in it for them. The moment of truth is likely to come this week as eBay, the heavyweight of online auctions, is expected to explain how it will integrate Skype's Internet phone service into its [...]")('2006061', "Two private equity investors in the United States may buy a stake in the German state bank HSH Nordbank in a move that could signal Germany's petrified bank ownership structure is starting to crumble. Financial industry sources told Reuters on Monday that J.C. Flowers and Hellman & Friedman were conducting a due diligence appraisal for [...]")('2006061', "Attack daily. Every day this month, the Suozzi camp has put out a press release on his Enemy No. 1 - the man most voters know as Eliot Spitzer. This morning, the attack came early, in response to a story in the Post about the Spitzer's family trust. Suozzi's already gone after Spitzer for his [...]")('2006061', 'Mark Green, right, with Jonathan Tasini at an endorsement meeting of the Stonewall Democrats on June 8. (Cary Conover for The New York Times) Mark Green got a nice post-convention boost in his bid for Attorney General. The politically influential union SEIU Local 32BJ has decided to endorse him. The union has been able to [...]')('2006061', "Thomas C. Mazzucco has joined UBS as its global head of Internet investment banking, the securities firm said Monday. Mr. Mazzucco, who had previously been head of Internet banking at Lehman Brothers, will be located in UBS' San Francisco office, the firm said in a press release. He will work alongside David Higley, who continues [...]")('2006061', 'Cowen Group, a New York-based investment bank that is a unit of French bank Societe Generale, set the parameters of its initial public offering on Monday, saying it would seek to raise as much as $235 million. The investment bank, which is being spun off from Societe Generale, set its initial public offering at 11.2 [...]')('2006061', 'David Yassky drew some fire today. (Ramin Talaie for The New York Times) At a news conference of local black elected officials this morning, there was a good deal of tough language used to describe David Yassky, a white City Councilman who is running for Congress in the seat currently held by Representative Major R. [...]')('2006061', 'In this lesson, students reflect on the racial balance in their own schools and debate the merits of policies that seek to create and maintain school racial diversity. For homework, they write essays on whether their own schools should promote racial balance and how it would affect them.')('2006061', "Many a hedge fund makes noise about this or that company breaching its fiduciary duty or failing to live up to its potential. Far less often is the sound and fury of these activists' claims backed up with a full-fledged takeover offer. Jana Partners, though, is putting its cash behind its words. After publicly declaring [...]")('2006061', "When Legg Mason picked up Citigroup's mutual funds in exchange for its retail brokerage unit, investors not only expected great things from Legg Mason, but also a round of deals involving mutual funds. But Legg's earnings, and its stock, saw only a slight blip after the $4 billion transaction closed. And so far, the swapping [...]")('2006061', "The United Kingdom's financial regulator said Monday that United States regulations would not automatically apply to British companies in the event that a U.S. exchange bought the London Stock Exchange. This news is of vital importance to the Nasdaq Stock Market, which is still considering a second bid for the London exchange. Many observers have [...]")('2006061', 'Readers respond to Bob Herbert\'s June 12 column, "Those Pesky Voters" Margaret Lynd, Columbus, Ohio: Mr. Herbert, I am from urban Columbus, and I thank you for drawing attention to election irregularities in Ohio in 2004. But please tell me why you dismiss the large and widespread disparities between exit polls and results. If any [...]')('2006061', 'Readers respond to David Brooks\'s June 11 column, "The Gender Gap at School" James Linkin, New York: The most shocking statistic you cite is the dearth of male teachers in America, proportionally at a 40-year low. But I suspect that a bigger reason for that scarcity is that the teaching profession in America has never [...]')('2006061', "Gilbert White's Selborne Journal: Saturday, 12 June 1784: 29 4/10 1/2; 59 1/2; W, SW. Sun & clouds with strong gale. Men wash their sheep. Some wood-strawberries eatable. Finished tacking the vines. Hoed carrots, parsneps, &c. Received 5 gallons & a quart of French brandy from Mr. Edmd. Woods. *** The last two days I've [...]")('2006061', 'Monster Worldwide, the Broadcom Corporation, Equinix and Cyberonics disclosed inquiries into whether they improperly dated stock options, bringing the number of companies involved in the widening probe to more than 40. Go to Article from Bloomberg News »')('2006061', 'Hedge funds get blamed for a lot of things these days, and BusinessWeek is adding potential money laundering to the list. "When drug runners and terrorists want to park illicit cash, there may be no better haven than hedge funds." So begins this week\'s article, which quotes several lawyers and consultants who warn that the [...]')('2006061', 'Click "more" for play-by-play of the match, as it happened at the Arena Auf Schalke in Gelsenkirchen. Our server crashed! Too much volume. But I did keep track on a separate file, and now that we\'re up again you can follow along below to see what we missed. The blackout started in the 50th minute [...]')('2006061', "Kirk Condyles for The New York Times Probably every political reporter in New York now has the opposition research file targeting John Faso, the Republican candidate for governor. Bill Weld gathered up some of Mr. Faso's political dirty laundry; Eliot Spitzer has a lot of it. And so the drip, drip, drip of file leaks [...]")('2006061', "A reader recently posed a question about the paper's coverage of the Iran nuclear crisis.")('2006061', "The Swedish telecommunications equipment provider Ericsson said on Monday it would sell its defense business Ericsson Microwave Systems to Saab for 3.8 billion kronor ($520 million). The company said the deal includes Ericsson Microwave Systems' 40 percent stake in Saab Ericsson Space, 20 percent ownership in the IG JAS consortiums as well as Ericsson's shares [...]")('2006061', "An Estonian ferry operator, Tallink, said on Monday it had agreed to buy Silja Line's Baltic Ferry business from Sea Containers of Bermuda for 470 million euros ($593 million) in cash and stock. Tallink will pay 450 million euros and 5 million new shares in a deal that will give it new routes between Finland [...]")('2006061', 'Given the different political pressures they are under, which will happen sooner: Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton will travel to Iowa, or Attorney General Eliot Spitzer will finally - finally - provide some detailed ideas about cutting taxes. It looks like Mr. Spitzer will go first: The Democratic candidate for governor will release his long-awaited plan [...]')('2006061', 'In his Newsweek column, Fareed Zakaria says that Zarqawi\'s death makes him "just a bit hopeful" about the future of Iraq. But Zakaria\'s depressing conclusion, comparing 1990\'s South Africa to present-day Iraq, seems to emphasize the "just a bit" part of that formulation. He writes: Imagine if after the fall of apartheid in South Africa, [...]')('2006061', "Lehman Brothers on Monday reported a 47 percent rise in net income for the fiscal second quarter, kicking off earnings season for the major investment banks on a strong note. Net income increased to $1 billion in the three months ended May 31 from $683 million a year earlier, Lehman said in a statement. Lehman's [...]")('2006061', 'Plains All American Pipeline said on Monday it had agreed to buy Pacific Energy Partners for $2.4 billion in cash and stock, including the assumption of debt, marking another deal in the sought-after pipeline sector. Go to Article from Reuters » Go to News Release from Plans All American »')('2006061', "The Mirant Corporation, the Atlanta-based power company, said on Monday it had withdrawn its unsolicited $8 billion bid for NRG Energy, saying NRG was unwilling to discuss the offer. Mirant's chief executive, Edward Muller, said a long and contested pursuit was not in the best interests of Mirant and its shareholders. NRG issued a one-sentence [...]")('2006061', 'Signet Group, the world\'s largest specialty-jewelry retailer, said it has held talks about a takeover of its main U.S. competitor, Zale. Shares in the U.K. company, which also owns H. Samuel and Kay Jewelers, had their biggest gain in more than three years. The discussions are at an early stage and there is "considerable uncertainty" [...]')('2006061', 'A pundit\'s word is his bond: Slate\'s Dan Gross lives up to his pledge to eat the first chapter of "Dow 36,000." "And I thought \'Dow 36,000\'s\' argument was tough to digest the first time around," he writes. Slate even posts the video. Also in Slate, Bryan Curtis examines the "self-styled" affection among young intellectuals [...]')('2006061', "The Bank of New York Company said on Monday it had acquired TD Banknorth's bond administration business for an undisclosed sum, increasing its trust and agency operations. Through the takeover, Bank of New York acquired about 350 bond trusteeships and agency appointments, representing $5.2 billion in debt outstanding. Go to Article from Reuters via Yahoo [...]")('2006061', 'A wireless equipment maker in California, Powerwave Technologies, said on Monday it was buying the majority of the wireless infrastructure business from a British rival, Filtronic, in a deal worth $336 million. Powerave said it would pay $150 million in cash and 20.7 million new Powerwave shares. Go to Article from Reuters » Go to [...]')('2006061', "Expats from Oz celebrate the first of three late goals at the Sunburnt Cow in New York's East Village. (Photo: Rob Mackey) To catch up, read the live play-by-play here That's the game. A smashing contest, with both sides playing attacking, if sometimes sloppy, football. The scoreline was unfair on Japan, who were equals to [...]")('2006061', "Bank of America has asked a federal judge to reject Parmalat's bid to throw out the bank's claims over the Italian dairy's fraud. Lawyers for Parmalat chief Enrico Bondi last month asked U.S. District Judge Lewis Kaplan in Manhattan to dismiss more than $1 billion of claims, saying Bank of America failed to show economic [...]")('2006061', 'The Mercury Interactive Corporation, a software maker, canceled 2.63 million stock options issued to its former chief executive, Amnon Landan, after a company inquiry found that he manipulated the price. The board of Mercury accepted the recommendation from a special committee formed after three top executives quit in November when a company investigation found they [...]')('2006061', "Vonage Holdings said Friday that the Federal Trade Commission had not yet ended its investigation into the Internet telephone service provider's emergency 911-related compliance. After saying Thursday that the F.T.C. had finished its investigation without taking any formal action, Vonage issued a correction that said the investigation was officially still going on because the company [...]")('2006061', 'Fund manager Fred Alger Management said Friday it had reached an agreement in principle to pay some $40 million to settle allegations it allowed illegal trading of its mutual fund shares. The tentative deal comes nearly three years after a former vice president at the firm agreed to pay $400,000 to settle civil charges with [...]')('2006061', "Federal regulators should block more mergers. A panel of antitrust experts, asked for their critique on an ongoing review of antitrust law by the congressionally mandated Antitrust Modernization Commission, delivered that surprisingly frank assessment. Today mergers that reduce competitors from three to two are the only ones regulators are sure to block. That's because issues [...]")('2006061', 'The embattled securities class-action law firm Milberg Weiss Bershad & Schulman received some political backing late last week with the release of a statement signed by four Democrats from the House of Representatives condemning last month\'s indictment of the firm on criminal charges. "The Justice Department\'s crusade against trial lawyers, the first line in the [...]')('2006061', 'L-3 Communications, the military contractor, named Michael T. Strianese as its interim chief executive Friday after the death this week of a founder, Frank C. Lanza. Mr. Strianese, 50, the chief financial officer, will run the company during a search for a permanent successor, L-3 said yesterday in a statement. Robert B. Millard, 55, was [...]')('2006061', 'Russian, American, European and Japanese officials are negotiating over whether Russia should be allowed greater latitude to invest in utilities, pipelines, natural gas facilities and other infrastructure in the United States and Europe. In a draft declaration for endorsement at a Group of 8 summit meeting next month in St. Petersburg, Russia, broadened Russian access [...]')('2006061', 'Texas Pacific Group could be interested in investing in Alitalia, but not until the government has decided on the airline\'s future, a founder of the private equity fund told Il Sole 24 Ore newspaper. "Alitalia is a company that could be very interesting. I can\'t deny that," David Bonderman told the newspaper in an interview published in its Sunday edition. "TPG will not go near Alitalia until the government has decided on the company\'s future and therefore on its privatization," he added. The company is trying to turn around from losses with an industrial plan that includes the sell-off of its ground services business.')('2006061', "Blackstone Group, manager of the world's biggest buyout fund, may raise $500 million this year to invest in India, where a slide in the stock market has made the search for possible targets easier, said the firm's country head. Blackstone hasn't spent any of the $1 billion pledged for India when it entered the country [...]")('2006061', "CapVest and Blackstone Group, the private equity firms, are the favorites to acquire Unilever's frozen food businesses for an estimated 1 billion pounds ($1.8 billion) in an auction that could be a prelude to the sale of the Anglo-Dutch group's home-cleaning business. CapVest already owns one frozen food business, Young's Bluecrest, and is thought to [...]")('2006061', 'A venture-backed Waltham, Mass. company that\'s quietly amassed more than 650,000 Internet domain names is stepping out of stealth mode today and unveiling its plans to build a substantial Boston-area Web 2.0 business around the emerging field of "direct navigation." The company, called NameMedia, is being led by Kelly P. Conlin , 46, a veteran [...]')('2006061', 'Renowned corporate blogger Robert Scoble, credited with helping to break down a siege mentality at his employer, Microsoft, confirmed Sunday that he is leaving to join a Silicon Valley video blogging start-up. Scoble, a "technical evangelist" and strategist for Channel 9, a website created two years ago to strengthen ties between Microsoft and outside software [...]')('2006061', "Having built a portfolio that's reached the $2 billion mark in just two years since its founding, Morgan Creek Capital is looking to overseas markets for new opportunities. The money management group is working to draw together a new pot of cash of at least $50 million to invest in hedge funds that work in [...]")('2006061', "With help from Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers, One True Media has added its name to the growing list of start-ups making tools to edit and share video and photographs online. Kleiner Perkins has invested $5 million in a Series A round designed to expand One True Media's reach into the teeming online video market, [...]")('2006061', "Poste Italiane's CEO Massimo Sarmi told Fortune that the post office will be ready for privatization by year-end, estimating the company could be worth $13 billion. It's a goal Italy's newly elected government seems set to embrace, spurred by the Netherlands and Germany, where selling the national postal service has not only brought in revenue [...]")('2006061', "Standard Life, Europe's largest mutual insurer, is to become the latest victim of turbulent stock markets and is expected to lower the price range for its planned flotation by as much as 10 percent. The group had said that it expected its shares to trade at between 240 pence and 290 pence ($4.42 to $5.34), [...]")('2006061', "A crop of ethanol producers is fetching premium I.P.O. valuations, but their growth is predicated on unsustainable ethanol prices, according to Breakingviews. As Alan Greenspan noted this week, the economics of the business aren't there and Breakingviews warns that investors may be in for some nasty surprises. Go to Article from Breakingviews »")('2006061', 'Although not initially favored to pull it off, David Wormsley, the head of U.K. investment banking at Citigroup (he is widely known as "The Worm"), has emerged triumphant from the extraordinary 10.1 billion pound ($18.6 billion) battle for U.K. airports operator BAA. In the face of the fiercest competition, he and his colleague Philip Robert-Tissot [...]')('2006061', 'Reuters Group has bought risk management software firm Application Networks for $41 million cash to expand the services it can offer customers, the news and financial data company said on Sunday. Application Networks, with offices in London and Palo Alto, California, sells the JRisk software package, which enables banks and hedge funds to trade equity, [...]')('2006061', 'Cisco Systems, one of the more frequent shoppers of venture-backed companies, has snapped up two communications software start-ups, Metreos and Audium, for a combined $47.8 million. Cisco will pay approximately $28 million in cash for Metreos, which raised $3.8 million in venture capital, and $19.8 million in cash for Audium, which pulled in $4.3 million. [...]')('2006061', 'Oracle has spent $20 billion in the past few years gobbling up more than 20 software companies as it seeks to grow in the maturing business software industry. Chief Executive Larry Ellison\'s grand vision for the software giant is to be a "consolidator." So he has snapped up a slew of companies providing the large [...]')('2006061', "If Vincent Bollore has his way, British media firm Aegis Group will soon be a little less independent. On Wednesday, Aegis shareholders will vote on whether to permit the French corporate raider's two nominated candidates to join the company's 13-member board. Mr. Bollore says that as Aegis' largest shareholder he deserves representation, but his detractors, [...]")('2006061', "Swiss Re on Monday became the world's largest reinsurance firm after completing its acquisition of G.E. Insurance Solutions for $7.4 billion. Swiss Re, which will take over from Munich Re as the top reinsurer measured by premiums, said it paid $6.8 billion, plus a closing adjustment of $600 million. Go to Article from MarketWatch »")('2006061', 'The housing boom is over. Commodities are in a swoon and stocks are sinking. Only the market for mergers and acquisitions is hot, drawing more multiple bidders for corporate takeovers than ever before. Take Aztar. No one was interested in the owner of the Tropicana casino in Las Vegas when it tried to find a [...]')('2006061', "Kevin Lomax, chief executive and founder of Misys, is thought to be behind an approach to buy the software company in a deal worth around 1.25 billion pounds ($2.30 billion), The Telegraph reported. Mr. Lomax's bid could be funded by a number of private equity backers His potential offer is said to be priced between [...]")('2006061', 'Kushner, whose jailed founder was a key link between former New Jersey Gov. James McGreevey and his lover, Golan Cipal, is considering offers to sell a piece of its real estate empire for about $2 billion, The New York Post reported. The company has hired Goldman Sachs to evaluate four offers to buy 40 percent [...]')('2006061', 'Banco Bilbao Vizcay Argentaria, a large Spanish bank, is considering buying Texas Regional Bancshares, in its latest bid for a small regional bank. The two sides are in preliminary talks, according to The New York Times, but it remains possible that the negotiations could break down. For Banco Bilbao, the acquisition of the $2 billion [...]')('2006061', 'A consortium including Goldman Sachs may agree to a 2.5 billion pound ($4.6 billion) deal to acquire Associated British Ports as soon as this week, according to press reports. The two sides are in negotiations, and there are still several issues to work through and the deal could yet fall apart, the reports said. Goldman [...]')('2006061', "Arcelor, the world's second-largest steelmaker, said it rejected a revised offer by hostile suitor Mittal Steel and will meet Mittal again to discuss the prospect of a higher bid. Mittal indicated it may further improve its proposal Arcelor said in a statement Monday. The companies met for face-to-face talks on June 8, the first since [...]")('2006061', 'AXA, the French insurance company, is in exclusive talks with Credit Suisse to buy its Winterthur insurance division in a deal worth more than $8 billion. Credit Suisse, the Swiss global bank, has long expressed interest in shedding its insurance division to focus on its core banking and wealth-management operations, and it was widely expected [...]')('2006061', "It is one of the most vaunted badges of honor for an aspiring Warren Buffett or Bill Gates: an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School. But what - besides bragging rights - is such a diploma really worth? The New York Times' Abby Ellin examined this question through the lens of a documentary film series that [...]")('2006061', 'Several people wrote in during our live play-by-play of the England-Paraguay game to complain about the late-afternoon shadows cast at the Waldstadion in Frankfurt by some kind of gigantic cubelike thing suspended from the roof of the stadium. The contrast between harsh sunlight and deep shadow made the match very hard to follow on TV. [...]')('2006061', "Everyone loves the Soca Warriors today, and why not? They've done their nation proud and lifted the spirits of underdogs everywhere. And, of course, Trinbagonians know how to have a good time. So remembering the great soca anthems from 1989, when Trinidad and Tobago came oh so close to reaching Italia '90, and intrigued by [...]")('2006061', 'Kelefa Sanneh reviews new CD by Busta Rhymes; photo (M)')('2006061', "Barry Neil Kaufman letter contends that autism does not have to be life sentence; cites son's progress using Son-Rise program, which Kaufman developed; says it should never be decided in advance what children can or cannot do (June 5 Cammie McGovern Op-Ed article)")('2006061', 'Prof Robert Hogner letter lauds Senate for declining to abolish estate tax; drawing (June 9 article)')('2006061', 'Prof Donald J Boudreaux letter comments on June 9 Paul Krugman Op-Ed column on estate tax repeal')('2006061', 'Map and directions to Winged Foot Golf Club, site of US Open; map (M)c')('2006061', 'Lance Helgeson letter says estate tax repeal does nothing more give break to very rich (June 9 article)')('2006061', 'Jon Pareles reviews new CD by Regina Spektor; photo (M)')('2006061', 'Democratic leaders in New York State Senate propose package of legislation aimed at increasing supply and quality of affordable housing in New York; say they will make housing key in upcoming statewide elections (S)')('2006061', "Alessandra Stanley TV Watch column on 'softening' of reality TV shows; says that networks have moved away from reality programs that mock its subjects to ones that are about helping its participants; notes CBS show Tuesday Night Book Club and ABC show How to Get the Guy (M)")('2006061', 'Harry Lavo letter contends many members of Congress would benefit from repeal of estate tax and says lack of effective campaign finance reform is at root of dysfunction of political system (June 9 Paul Krugman Op-Ed column)')('2006061', "Letter from Sen Byron L Dorgan expresses dismay at Nicholas Kristof's contention that Africa would benefit from sweatshops; cites horrific sweatshops in Jordan, which imported workers from lower-wage countries and did nothing to help Jordanian people, but were there to earn duty-free entry to US market under trade deal (June 6 Op-Ed column)")('2006061', "ESPN and TNT gain ratings in week ending June 4 due to NBA conference final broadcasts; week's most-watched entertainment show is Comedy Central special Blue Collar Comedy Tour: One for the Road; photo (S)")('2006061', 'Ben Ratliff reviews new CD by Sonic Youth; photo (M)')('2006061', 'Letter from financial adviser Marc J Lewyn, prompted by June 9 article on repeal of estate tax, describes how he advises clients to structure estates to avoid paying it, making repeal uncessary')('2006061', "Daniel Maskit letter says movement to repeal estate tax is financed by America's wealthiest families, who have parlayed their wealth into political power and gotten issue before Congress that benefits tiny portion of population (June 9 article)")('2006061', '106th US Open Preview discusses A W Tillinghast-designed course at Winged Foot Golf Club; diagrams; photos (M)m')('2006061', "Photo of Mexico's win against Iran in first round of World Cup7")('2006061', "Photo of New York Mets' win against Arizona Diamondbacks\x82")('2006061', "Letter from Dr Suzanne Oparil, president of American Society of Hypertension, rejects portrayal of society as seeking to increase number of patients who are candidates for blood pressure medications at behest of pharmaceutical companies (May 20 article and May 30 editorial); says society's efforts are aimed at prevention, and holds it goes to great lengths to ensure scientific rigor and independence")('2006061', 'Vicki Meyer letter says estate tax repeal would increase already-steep divide between rich and poor; wonders what kind of hold very rich have on senators who voted to repeal it (June 9 article)')('2006061', 'Jersey Boys wins Tony award for best new musical and The History Boys wins for best play; Lloyd Young wins best actor in musical for performance in Jersey Boys; LaChanze wins for best actress in musical for her role in The Color Purple; The Pajama Game wins best revival of musical; Richard Griffiths wins for best actor in play for role in The History Boys; Awake and Sing] takes home award for best revival of play; Cynthia Nixon wins for best actress in play for role in Rabbit Hole; other awards noted; photos (M)')('2006061', 'Dr Vecihi Batuman letter calls upon Pres Bush to spearhead plan to design and carry out flood control system for New Orleans (June 8 Walter Isaacson Op-Ed article)')('2006061', 'New York Yankees pitcher Shawn Chacon is uneven in first outing since recovering from leg injury (M)0')('2006061', "As we reach the midpoint of Mad Scientist Week, I want to get into some madder, badder territory. Today's question is: does the egg matter? That is, genes aside, how much does the other stuff in an egg affect what sort of animal you get? If, for instance, you remove the genes from a pigeon [...]")('2006061', 'William F. Weld\'s aides had promised that the former candidate for governor would deliver "Secrets of My Campaign" at the annual awards dinner tonight of the Brownstone Republican Club. But anyone expecting a tell-all by Mr. Weld would have been disappointed. "There is a dirty little secret in New York State," Mr. Weld told a [...]')('2006061', '"Isn\'t that Khalid?" my cousin asked, pointing across the street to a lithe figure in a fading track suit, slowly creeping along the sidewalk with his back to the wall. He carried a Russian-made PKC machine gun, with an ammunition belt wrapped around his shoulders. A black ski mask covered his face. "Could it be [...]')('2006061', 'We were listening to "The Brian Lehrer Show" this morning on WNYC, the National Public Radio station in New York City wnyc.org, when the discussion turned to the World Cup and its newfound appeal to the front-running members of the American literati. During the discussion, Lehrer, the host of the show, mentioned a web site [...]')('2006061', 'A mortgage lender, Greenlight Financial Services, announces its Green Living Essay Contest. People are invited to write up to 500 words about the benefits of eco-friendliness at home. The prizewinner gets $2,500, presumably to be used toward conservation-minded home improvements. Deadline is July 20. – JOYCE COHEN')('2006061', 'Forbes.com is running a series of videos on the most expensive homes in America. To make it easier to digest, the homes are broken down by region. Start with the South and go from there. – DAMON DARLIN')('2006061', "When does the real estate market really get bad? When those adjustable rates reset upwards and mortgage payers can't make the higher payments. Yeah, but when is that? Will Carless at Voice of San Diego takes a stab at it in a recent column. He notes that 76 percent of loans issued last year to [...]")('2006061', 'Tom Suozzi, out of costume, in May. (Alan Zale for The New York Times) Is Tom Suozzi a superhero? Speaking to the mayors today, he recounted a battle with the Nassau County police union over benefits: "They ran a million-dollar ad campaign against me, had a plane flying over Jones Beach, Tom Suozzi good for [...]')('2006061', "Anybody who cares about the developing world can't help wondering about the injustices one sees. Why do small children always get malaria and die? And why is Allan Rosenfield dying of ALS? Dr. Rosenfield is simply one of the giants in the world of public health. He didn't have billions of dollars to give away [...]")('2006061', "I'd be suggesting a truly civilized hour like 9 p.m. or 10 p.m. or, even better, 11 p.m., except that most restaurant kitchens aren't open that late. But we don't always get what we want in this world.")('2006061', 'Credit Agricole just announced that it was gobbling up Greek lender Emporiki for 3.1 billion euro ($3.9 billion). And it may not be full yet. The Times of London is reporting that, contrary to what many assumed on Tuesday, the French bank has not given up on pursuing United Kingdom-based counterpart Alliance & Leicester. Without [...]')('2006061', "To the list of London's many charms, add one more: distressed debt. The Times of London reports that United States-based hedge funds and investment banks are sending staff there in droves as they seek to invest in the credit of Europe's troubled companies. Hedge funds like Angelo Gordon and King Street have opened up shop [...]")('2006061', 'Thomas R. Suozzi might be trailing in the polls, but he was the only one of the three gubernatorial candidates to receive a standing ovation from the New York State Conference of Mayors at their meeting in Saratoga Springs. It helped that Suozzi is a former mayor and was preaching to the choir with his [...]')('2006061', 'Hillary Clinton got a decidedly mixed reception today when she appeared before a liberal gathering and discussed her position on Iraq. Some in the crowd booed, while others cheered as she encouraged Democrats to have a "difficult conversation" on the war. Also appearing before the "Take Back America" gathering was Senator John Kerry, who called [...]')('2006061', 'Late last week, there were reports that Grupo Televisa might form its own broadcasting network in the United States if it failed to win the auction for Univision Communications. If true, the reports could be seen as a big negative for Univision, which counts on Televisa for a large chunk of its programming, including its [...]')('2006061', 'Senator Charles Schumer. (Lauren Victoria Burke/Associated Press) Gawker riffs on the title of Bill Weld\'s speech tonight, "Secrets of My Campaign," by suggesting a few others. Two favorites: Senator Chuck Schumer, "\'You\'ve Already Taken My Picture\': Allowing Your Colleagues to Share in the Publicity" State Senator Ada L. Smith: "Light and Sweet: How to Talk [...]')('2006061', 'The Spitzer camp is engaging. Mere moments after Faso pounced on Eliot Spitzer\'s property tax plan, the Spitzerites were on the offensive. "John Faso\'s plan is neither fair nor fiscally responsible. It does not target relief to those middle class New Yorkers who need it most and there is no detailed plan to pay for [...]')('2006061', 'Minutes after the final whistle, Astoria\'s Brazilians take to the streets to celebrate on Broadway. (Photo: Rob Mackey) Click "more" for play by play of the match at the Olympiastadion in Berlin. Postgame A quick glance at the messages you people have left before we sign off today. ... No, I wasn\'t at Pele\'s farewell [...]')('2006061', 'The list of very, very lucky executives - those whose stock-option grants came at just the right moment to maximize profits - keeps getting longer. No one is sure how the scandal over options backdating will end, but Tuesday brought two suggestions of what the collateral damage might be. The Financial Times focuses on the [...]')('2006061', 'Remember the idea that the real estate market is not a bubble, but a balloon? Check out this billboard that has appeared around California, where home sales are not soaring. – DAMON DARLIN')('2006061', "The answer to that question is never easy, but one answer might be found on this mortgage broker's solicitation that Southern California Real Estate Bubble Blog found on Craigslist. I copy it here. THIS IS'NT A ADD TO RENT THIS IS WHAT YOU WOULD PAY TO OWN THIS HOME A MONTH.HOW MUTCH DO YOU PAY [...]")('2006061', "The NYSE Group's regulation subsidiary said on Tuesday it had fined three banks a total of $1.35 million for proxy vote violations, such as submitting more votes than they were entitled to in various proxy matters. The NYSE said it had fined UBS Securities, a unit of the Swiss bank UBS, $600,000; Goldman Sachs Execution [...]")('2006061', 'You know those rah-rah, taxpayer-funded TV ads that George Pataki loves to narrate? If Eliot Spitzer wins in November, he won\'t be doing them. Then again, his spokesman did once say that Eliot\'s "not a parade kind of guy." – Patrick Healy [*Update: O.K., so the headline writer was wrong. Happy 47th, Eliot.]')('2006061', "PARIS A bottle of Bollinger's Vieilles Vignes Françaises. (Owen Franken for The New York Times) My column about Bollinger's Vieilles Vignes Françaises, in Wednesday's Dining In section, tells a story of one side of the Champagne region. This is the side that most people know, one of famous Champagne houses whose names have become synonymous [...]")('2006061', "Just a few weeks ago, buyout firms were stampeding toward the public markets. Now it seems they are running in the opposite direction. Several reports suggest that choppy markets and a poor showing from Kohlberg Kravis Roberts' recent offering are causing private equity firms to rethink plans to sell stock to the public. Reuters reported [...]")('2006061', "A fiscal quarter may consist of three entire months, but as Goldman Sachs reported its latest quarterly earnings on Tuesday, Wall Street analysts seemed to obsess about the last two weeks in May. That is when the world's equity markets began their recent tumble, leaving some to wonder if the boom times for the financial [...]")('2006061', "June 11: It's a clear, sunny Sunday afternoon. Mexico City is full of tricolor emblems - green, white, and red like the flag - and the sound of horns and all kinds of noisemakers delivering a triple blast: ME-XI-CO. The ceremonial sites of Mexican history (the Angel of Independence in the middle of Paseo de [...]")('2006061', "Bank of America said Tuesday it had hired Lewis Warren Jr. from its rival, Citigroup, as deputy head of global investment banking. Mr. Warren will report to Brian Brille, global head of investment banking. Both work in the company's Banc of America Securities unit. At Citigroup, Mr. Warren was most recently the head of business [...]")('2006061', "While the Anthony Pellicano investigation has turned up alleged sex, lies and audiotape involving some of Hollywood's biggest movers, the four-year eavesdropping saga hasn't really fallen within DealBook's purview. Until now. The New York Times reported Tuesday that while prosecutors have been able to produce only one recording in which two people were unknowingly wiretapped, [...]")('2006061', 'A claims management provider, Sedgwick CMS Holdings, said on Tuesday it had agreed to buy the Security Capital Corporation, a provider of workplace health and safety services, for about $191.5 million. Go to Article from Reuters » Go to News Release from Sedgwick »')('2006061', 'Mary Altaffer/Associated Press "After a careful review of the plan put forward by Eliot Spitzer yesterday, I am convinced that he has confused tax cuts with tax increases." This is John Faso at his best/worst, his friends say: Putting on the green eyeshade to pick apart Eliot Spitzer\'s tax plan. Delineating between the Environmental Protection [...]')('2006061', "That's the title of Bill Weld's speech at Pete's in Brooklyn tonight, his first public remarks since dropping out of the race for governor. A few possible secrets: New Yorkers don't like Massachusetts very much. Talking about your four houses around the state doesn't convey the Everyman image you intend. Don't ever get involved in [...]")('2006061', 'David McNew/Getty Images "Total class." "It was very odd. He broke the cadence of her speech by just walking in in the middle of it." "It was kind of cool of John." Those are Democrats, talking about the surprise appearance of John Kerry in the back of the room at Hillary Rodham Clinton\'s fund-raiser in [...]')('2006061', "Live play-by-play here. Well, that's it. An interesting first half followed by a terrible second half. France will be disappointed, not just with the draw, but with its inability to score or even create many good chances for Henry. I'll be back tomorrow for Tunisia-Saudi Arabia and stay tuned for Brazil's debut in an hour's [...]")('2006061', 'A new investigative Web site, Sharesleuth.com, is getting all its financing from Mark Cuban, the technology entrepreneur, independent media mogul and owner of the Dallas Mavericks basketball franchise, according to PaidContent.org. Sharesleuth, which will go live next month, was founded by Christopher Carey, a business reporter who is leaving the St. Louis Post-Dispatch to work [...]')('2006061', "Barclays Capital, the investment banking arm of Barclays Group, said Monday it is considering making a bid with a buyout firm, Permira, for a British housebuilder, McCarthy & Stone. A takeover would be the biggest ever in Britain's 19 billion pound ($35 billion) homebuilding industry, Bloomberg News reported. A Barclays Capital spokeswoman told Reuters that [...]")('2006061', 'The private equity powerhouse Carlyle Group announced Tuesday that it would buy a party supply company, the Oriental Trading Company from a fellow buyout shop, Brentwood Associates. According to an earlier report in The Wall Street Journal, the deal is valued at about $1 billion, including $300 million to $400 million in equity. Brentwood Associates, [...]')('2006061', 'Here\'s where high commodity prices go from hazy economic concept to hard reality: Thanks in part to rising prices for aluminum, the biggest ladder company in the United States has filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection. Werner Company, backed by private equity firm Leonard Green & Partners, also cites its "highly leveraged capital structure" as [...]')('2006061', "I'm a huge raving iMovie nut, but a recent video project took me to the program's limits.")('2006061', 'After yesterday\'s debacle against the Czech Republic, how should the United States restructure its system of government to promote a winning World Cup team? New Republic editor Franklin Foer, the nation\'s premier soccer pointyhead, asks the pertinent question: "If we were to take up arms for this reason, what kind of government would we want [...]')('2006061', 'How many candidates for President can a single state have? HillaryRudyGeorgeMike. Whoosh. Mayor Mike Bloomberg is once again stirring/not stirring speculation that he might/won\'t run in \'08 - "absolutely maybe," as the News puts it. This is a perceptible shift from his usual No. Still, what\'re the odds that he\'d ever go for it? As [...]')('2006061', 'The investment bank Goldman Sachs said Tuesday that profit in its second quarter surged to $2.31 billion, or $4.78 a share, more than double the $865 million, or $1.71 a share, it reported a year earlier. Setting aside special items, Goldman said it earned $4.97 a share in the period, which ended May 26, topping [...]')('2006061', 'David Corn, The Nation\'s Washington editor, responds on his personal blog to the news that Karl Rove will not be indicted by Patrick Fitzgerald: "[F]irst thought: that doesn\'t mean that Rove and the White House didn\'t do anything wrong. In fact, the White House falsely stated that (a) Rove (and Scooter Libby) were not involved [...]')('2006061', 'Click "More" to refresh for live updates. That\'s it from me. Thanks for your e-mails. Victor Mather will be along at noon for Switzerland-France. 93 FULL TIME: Korea 2-1 Togo. A real game of two halves. Korea received the requisite rocket at halftime, benefitted from a red card, but a pair of brilliant strikes earn [...]')('2006061', 'The Hain Celestial Group said on Tuesday it had acquired the Linda McCartney brand frozen meat-free food business from the H.J. Heinz Company, expanding its line of natural and organic products. Go to Article from Reuters via Yahoo »')('2006061', "Affiliated Computer Services, a student loan processor that earlier this year held unsuccessful buyout talks with private equity firms, said Monday it had authorized up to $1 billion for a share repurchase program. The plan represents about 18 percent of the company's total outstanding shares. Separately, the Dallas-based company announced Monday that it would retain [...]")('2006061', 'A federal judge in Massachusetts has rejected a request for an injunction preventing Google from distributing its popular 3D Earth-mapping and visualization program. Judge Douglas Woodlock of United States District Court denied on Friday a preliminary injunction requested by a Virginia-based company called Skyline Software Systems, which alleges that Google Earth violates its terrain-mapping patent. [...]')('2006061', 'Monster Worldwide, parent of the job search site Monster.com, was subpoenaed yesterday by the United States attorney for the Southern District of New York over the timing of stock option grants to executives. Earlier in the day, Monster Worldwide disclosed that it had opened an internal investigation of all its stock option grants. The company [...]')('2006061', 'Lawyers for a recently convicted former executive for Enron\'s Internet division want a new trial after jurors complained other panel members pressured them into voting guilty. Legal observers call such instances of "buyer\'s remorse" by jurors commonplace in high-profile trials like those involving Enron, and that judges are not likely to retry a defendant because [...]')('2006061', "Coller Capital's 4th Global Private Equity Barometer reports that investor bullishness on private equity is unchanged despite blockbuster fundraising in 2005. Investor appetite for private equity has been buoyed by the returns yielded by buyout funds. However, investors realize that going forward aggressive leverage will reduce returns from buyouts in traditional markets of North America [...]")('2006061', 'NM Rothschild has teamed up with Merchant Equity Partners, the private equity firm set up by a former Deutsche Bank managing director, Henry Jackson, to bid for the struggling retail arm of MFI Furniture, The Times of London reported. The investment bank and M.E.P. submitted a first-round bid last night for MFI Retail. The money [...]')('2006061', 'Marsh Supermarkets, which agreed to be acquired by an affiliate of Sun Capital Partners, said on Monday it opposed a richer takeover offer from a group led by Cardinal Paragon because of uncertainty surrounding the bid. Last month, Marsh said it had received an unsolicited offer from Cardinal Paragon and Drawbridge Special Opportunities Advisors to [...]')('2006061', 'A start-up dubbed Baynote is set to begin operating on Tuesday with on-demand software so Web site publishers can make it easier for visitors to find what they are looking for. Baynote, which received $4.6 million in venture capital funding last year, offers software that monitors the behavior of visitors to Web sites. The software [...]')('2006061', "The buyout firm Blackstone Group raised $5.25 billion to acquire hotels, offices and shops, more than doubling the size of its previous real estate investment fund. The firm is preparing more real estate deals days after agreeing to buy Trizec Properties, owner of Manhattan's One New York Plaza, for $8.9 billion including debt. Blackstone said [...]")('2006061', "Adept Technology agreed Monday to sell $10 million worth of its common stock to Crosslink Capital. Livermore-based Adept will sell the shares at $13.6752 each. The deal represents about 11 percent of the company's outstanding shares before the financing. Crosslink has not completed its due diligence yet, but when it does, Charles Finnie, one of [...]")('2006061', 'Palamida said that it had secured a second round of $8 million in funding from the venture arm of the Japanese conglomerate Mitsui. The company and its rival Black Duck Software have developed software that automatically scans code to reduce intellectual property risks from third-party software, notably open-source products. Go to Article from CNet News.com [...]')('2006061', 'NanoNexus, a maker of advanced contractor and interconnect test products for electronic manufacturers, said Monday it had secured $32 million in an oversubscribed preferred first-series financing. The San Jose-based company, which was founded in 1999, said it would use the funding to increase its product volume and speed up shipping. Financing was led by new [...]')('2006061', "TetraLogic Pharmaceuticals, a Malvern, Penn. biotechnology company developing drugs to restore the body's natural ability to kill cancer cells, said Monday it had raised $36 million from private-equity investors in Philadelphia and as far away as San Francisco. TetraLogic Pharmaceuticals is developing small-molecule therapies that have been shown in mice to remove a fundamental defense [...]")('2006061', "Gmarket looks set to become only the second Korean company after Lotte Shopping to sell shares to international investors through an initial public offering this year. It is expected to ignore the sharp decline in global equity markets over the past month and kick off a formal road show later this week. Gmarket's offering will [...]")('2006061', "The security- and storage-software maker Symantec said on Monday it would offer $2 billion in convertible senior notes and use proceeds to buy back about $1.5 billion worth of its own stock. Symantec's plans elicited upbeat comment on Wall Street and sent its stock higher. Shares gained 23 cents, or 1.5 percent, to close at [...]")('2006061', "The buzz surrounding ethanol producers is growing as the first of three companies gets set to go public, but analysts say retail investors should beware of the risks associated with getting in on the ethanol game. Three ethanol producers are looking to capitalize on those conditions. VeraSun Energy, the nation's second largest ethanol producer, is [...]")('2006061', "The Securities and Exchange Commission has charged a Wachovia Securities broker with insider trading relating to Blue Rhino's 2004 merger with Ferrellgas Partners. The S.E.C. has alleged insider trading by five individuals, including Mark Michel, a registered broker with Wachovia Securities. The other four - Matthew Roszak, Douglas Jozwiak, Darrin Edgecombe and Trifon Beladakis - [...]")('2006061', 'A Philadelphia conglomerate Day & Zimmermann said on Monday that it had acquired Atlantic Services, a Virginia power-plant-maintenance firm, in an effort to broaden its reach further south. The purchase price was not disclosed, but Day & Zimmermann said Atlantic Services, of Norfolk, Va., has annual sales of about $300 million and a full-time staff [...]')('2006061', 'Lockheed Martin reached a definitive agreement to acquire ISX of Camarillo, Calif. Terms were not disclosed, but Lockheed, which is based in Bethesda, Md., said ISX makes military decision systems and other information technology solutions for government customers. Go to Article from TheStreet.com »')('2006061', 'A Connecticut company established to acquire technology businesses has agreed to buy Aviel Systems and create a new company based in Northern Virginia. Greenwich, Conn.-based TAC Acquisition, a "blank check" company, raised $120 million in its I.P.O. a year ago and will acquire all of the outstanding stock in Aviel, a government contractor based in [...]')('2006061', "Nasdaq Stock Market said on Monday it had agreed to buy PrimeZone Media Network, a privately held publisher of corporate press releases, for an undisclosed price. Nasdaq said it plans to integrate Los Angeles-based PrimeZone's information distribution, investor relations and multimedia services into the product range offered by its corporate client group. Go to Article [...]")('2006061', "A Brazilian judge approved an offer by a Varig employee group to buy the debt-ridden carrier, which was once Latin America's largest airline. The employee group, known by its Portuguese acronym TGV, was the lone bidder at a public auction on Thursday, offering $449 million for Varig, well below the minimum $860 million stipulated by [...]")('2006061', 'Shares of BriteSmile soared as much as 53 percent Monday after it rejected an unsolicited bid from privately-held Futuredontics, offering $4 a share in cash and stock for all outstanding stock of BriteSmile, a California-based teeth-whitening technology company. "We didn\'t expect the bid," said John L. Reed, director of BriteSmile, in a phone interview on [...]')('2006061', 'Alcan\'s chief executive, Richard Evans, downplayed speculation on Monday that the company, the world\'s second-largest aluminum producer, is a takeover target. "We are a company that we think is doing all the right things. We do not need a partner," Mr. Evans said after making a presentation at the 12th annual World Aluminum Conference. The [...]')('2006061', "The dogfight for BAA has been the best takeover battle yet of the current M&A boom, writes John Waples in The Times of London. It had it all – big numbers (BAA went for north of 10 billion pounds, or $18.4 billion), big politics (the prickly question of handing over Britain's biggest airports to foreign [...]")('2006061', "Credit Agricole, which said last month it was mulling a bid for Britain's Alliance and Leicester, has made a 3.1 billion euro ($3.9 billion) offer to take over Emporiki, the Greek lender. The French bank, which already owns 8.9 percent of Emporiki, will pay 23.50 euros per share to buy the rest of the Greek [...]")('2006061', 'The New York Post speculated that a dramatic fall in New York Stock Exchange shares over the past two weeks may undermine its plans to merge with Euronext, a deal that has been hammered by a host of politicians across the Atlantic. The slide, which has knocked more than 27 percent off Big Board shares [...]')('2006061', 'Mirant withdrew its proposal to acquire its rival, NRG Energy, on Monday. But apparently that was not enough for one disgruntled hedge fund. Pirate Capital, an activist hedge fund that owns 1.6 percent of Mirant, reiterated a call for the energy company to put itself up for sale. If Mirant does not hire an investment [...]')('2006061', "Tenaris, the world's biggest supplier of seamless steel pipes for the petroleum industry, agreed to buy Maverick Tube for $3.19 billion, including debt, to expand its oil and natural gas well business in North America. Tenaris will pay $65 a share in cash for Maverick, 42 percent more than its $45.66 closing stock price yesterday [...]")('2006061', "The lobbying for control of the European steelmaker Arcelor accelerated on Tuesday as Mittal Steel said it expects core earnings to rise by more than $4 billion in the next three years and revealed a business plan previously seen only by Arcelor management. Rebel shareholders in Arcelor, meanwhile, gave Mittal's bid a boost, securing a [...]")('2006061', "It's really not over until it's over. That old adage seems especially true in the case of the bidding war for Schering. In April, the Berlin contraceptives maker agreed to a 16.4 billion euro ($20.7 billion) takeover offer from Bayer, but 11th-hour rearguard action from the German chemicals group Merck, who lost out to Bayer, [...]")('2006061', 'Watching the Azzurri with nervous Italian fans at Le Streghe in SoHo yesterday. (Photo: Rob Mackey) As even the most casual follower of world football knows, there is nothing more nerve-wracking than watching your team sit back and protect a 1-0 lead for long stretches of time in big games. Just ask any Japanese fan [...]')('2006061', "Monday's slide in United States' stock markets was blamed on many factors - inflation, energy prices, geopolitics - but why not chalk it up to Americans' sad showing in the World Cup? As unlikely as it may seem, the financial world is happily drawing connections between the closely watched soccer competition and the ups and [...]")('2006061', "The U.S. national team didn't look too animated on Monday, but that doesn't mean there's no room for animation in soccer. In fact, these animated re-enactments of goals from the current tournament, appearing on the Czech site aktualny.cz, are fun to look at. There's one goal from every game, including, from Monday, Tim Cahill's 89th-minute [...]")('2006061', 'Good news for the Czech Republic: it looks as if Jan Koller\'s hamstring injury is not nearly as serious as it first seemed. According to this article on the Czech-Moravian Football Federation site, the MRI showed that the big guy has suffered only a muscle pull. "On Saturday against Ghana," the article says, "the Czech [...]')('2006061', 'In this lesson, students explore the various ways that they spend time by assessing their own schedules and by creating a peer research survey to gather in-depth information about various "habits". Students will then analyze and evaluate the data to compare and contrast the activities in which their peers engage.')('2006061', 'Do Americans know soccer? An edifying study in this issue is under way at AOL, of all places. The Web giant put up a poll on its U.S. site Monday after the Americans\' cataclysmic loss to the Czech Republic. The question: "Who deserves the most blame for the U.S.\'s opening loss?" The choices given: Bruce [...]')('2006061', 'Letter from Dr Michael Aziz says as anesthesiologist, he is concerned that music in operating room will make it harder to keep patients asleep and unaware (June 10 article)')('2006061', 'Letter from Eric M Freedman, legal consultant for Guantanamo detainees, says moral responsibility for deaths of three who committed suicide there lies squarely with Pres Bush')('2006061', "Letter from Sara Miller says tragic Gaza accident notwithstanding, Israel goes out of its way to avoid civilian casualties, while Palestinian terror groups regularly target civilians, then celebrate innocents' deaths")('2006061', 'ABC wins ratings for Sunday night with broadcast of NBA finals (S)')('2006061', 'Letter from Sheila Michaels on songs she would not want her surgeon to be listening to while operating on her (June 10 article)p')('2006061', 'Letter from David E Mandelbaum says it is ironic that Hamas is so outraged about errant Israeli shell that killed eight Palestinian civilians in Gaza, considering fact that Hamas has sent suicide bombers to Israeli hotels and pizza shops and buses')('2006061', "Letter from Victoria Vine, prompted by John Tierney's June 10 Op-Ed, applauds Michael Berg, Cindy Sheehan and others who lost loved ones in Iraq and now seek to make America better in honor of their loved one's memory")('2006061', "Letter from William Kenney says there is no separate rulebook for arguing with grieving relatives, and Ann Coulter's ranting is admission that she has no cogent arguments to offer (John Tierney's June 10 Op-Ed)")('2006061', 'Letter from Dr Philip Levitt says he, like surgeons described in June 10 article, has played different types of music for different surgeries he has performed for last 30 years; drawing')('2006061', 'Kirk S Nevin letter on Jane E Brody June 6 Personal Health column says that skin cancer is class-sensitive disease and those who work outdoors often cannot afford to use sunscreen regularly')('2006061', "Letter from H May says young Palestinian girl's anguish at death of family in Gaza is just one instance of grief and horror caused by conflicts around world today")('2006061', 'Michael F Jacobson letter on May 30 article about food restrictions in schools calls for variety of changes, not just banning certain foods from schools')('2006061', 'Illustrations show underwater telescopic array being designed and installed by group of international scientists to monitor movement of neutrinos through water; neutrinos are cosmic particles that pass directly through earth; drawings (M)')('2006061', 'Q & A column discusses condition known as red eye in photos and explains why dogs eyes appear blue instead; drawing (M)')('2006061', 'NBC names new management team for its all-news channel MSNBC; Dan Abrams will become general manager and Phil Griffin will handle overall oversight (S)')('2006061', 'Hard-rock band Korn is forced to cancel remaining dates of its European tour after allergic reaction hospitalizes lead singer Jonathan Davis; photo (S)')('2006061', 'Los Angeles court dismisses lawsuit by Bob Yari, a producer of Oscar-winning film Crash, against Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences; Yari raised money for film, but was denied producing credit and, consequently, Oscar statue; photo (S)')('2006061', 'Daniel Hammer letter on June 6 interview with Elizabeth Bennett says that many factors influence hunting and environmentalists should continue to look at all aspects of sport to make fair judgement')('2006061', 'Letter from Bill Donahoe describes how he was able to listen to music during his own surgery (June 10 article)')('2006061', "Increasing number of health organizations are warning against bottle feeding infants as health risk for baby and almost demanding that mothers breast feed their infants; Suzanne Haynes, Health and Human Services Department's Office on Women's Health senior scientific adviser says that not breast feeding is as risky to child as smoking during pregnancy; critics hold that many mothers cannot breast feed for variety of reasons and publishing harsh warnings against giving baby formula creates negative parenting situation with many mothers feeling guilty about not breast feedling; statistics on breast feeding and reported medical advantages for infant discussed; graphs; charts; photos (L)")('2006061', 'Photo of Carolina Hurricanes win over Edmonton Oilers in Game 4 of Stanley Cup finals')('2006061', 'Letter from Rev Nehemiah8')('2006061', 'Cecilia Kalish letter on June 6 article about risks of older man fathering children agrees that both sexes have age limit for having babies')('2006061', 'Letter from Dr Robert L Cohen, court-appointed monitor of health care in several state prisons in US, says prisoners at Guantanamo are subject to inhuman treatment intended to drive men to madness, which leads to suicide')('2006061', 'President Bush calls US soccer team to wish them luck in World Cup (S)')('2006061', 'Letter from Kathy Rappaport, regarding suicides at Guantanamo, says ruthless military is not same as strong military, and Americans must condemn the former')('2006061', 'Local 32BJ of Service Employees International Union endorses Mark Green, Democratic hopeful for State Attorney General (S)')('2006061', 'Photo of Kevin Aviance, Manhattan performer assaulted in hate-crime incident, leaving hospital')('2006061', 'Letter from Harris L Present, regarding suicides at Guantanamo, holds that US government failed to safeguard prisoners under its custody')('2006061', "Dr Adele E U Edisen letter on Dr Elissa Ely's June 6 Cases column suggests that patient was suffering from hypoglycemia; drawing")('2006061', "Republican Sen Charles E Grassley, chairman of Senate Finance Committee, questions role of Smithsonian Institution head Lawrence M Small in selecting new inspector general, citing possible conflict of interest; Grassley suggests that Small should defer to institution's board of regents to choose new inspector general and that inspector general should report directly to board (S)")('2006061', "Letter from Stephen Crowley says Rear Adm Harry B Harris Jr's seemingly callous remarks about three detainees who committed suicide at Guantanamo makes him ashamed of his own government")('2006061', 'Lincoln Center announces that architects Thom Mayne and Tod Williams Billie Tsien & Associates are finalists for design of Harmony Atrium, indoor public space on ground floor of Harmony Condo building; photo (S)')('2006061', 'Cartoon by Hamidreza Pournasiri')('2006061', "Yesterday, I went whacky, and entertained experiments beyond the cusp of knowledge. In today's installment for Mad Scientist Week, I propose an experiment to look at an intriguing claim. Namely, that the sex practices of Orthodox Jews - which are strictly prescribed by Jewish law - dramatically increase the chances of having a son. I [...]")('2006061', 'An injury sustained during training on Monday in Billerbeck, by Nemanja Vidic, who defends for Manchester United during the season, has reduced the already short-handed squad from Serbia Minus Montenegro to 21, according to this report from UEFA. "How do I feel?" Vidic asked UEFA.com. "Ask me anything but not that question. I lived for [...]')('2006061', 'An editor and I were just leafing through the new issue of Time Out New York - it\'s the annual "Cheap Issue," and it has a photograph of a crumpled $10 bill on the cover - when something in particular caught our eye.')('2006061', 'Last month, John Mackey, the C.E.O. of Whole Foods, wrote me a letter (also published on the Whole Foods Web site), taking issue with some of the points I have made about his grocery chain-in my book "The Omnivore\'s Dilemma," in this column for TimesSelect and in some of my public remarks. What follows is [...]')('2006061', 'John Spencer has a doozy of a radio ad (listen to audio) in the works, according to the A.P.\'s Marc Humbert. He recounts that he knew who his buddies were in Vietnam, and says they were a lot more loyal than his so-called Republican buddies in Washington. "I\'m John Spencer. I can beat Senator Clinton. [...]')('2006061', "John Spencer. (Doug Benz for The New York Times) John Spencer's Senate campaign jumped all over a report today quoting Mrs. Clinton as saying that she would not back a constitutional amendment to ban flag-burning. While she is the co-sponsor of a bill to outlaw the practice, Mrs. Clinton told the Daily News that she [...]")('2006061', 'Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton on Iraq and President Bush yesterday: "I do not think it is a smart strategy... for the president to continue with his open-ended commitment, which I think does not put enough pressure on the new Iraqi government. Nor do I think it is smart strategy to set a date certain." Scott [...]')('2006061', 'The largely behind-the-scenes battle over the fate of Tribune became starkly public on Wednesday, as the media group\'s second-largest shareholder sent an open (and angry-sounding) letter to the board calling for a split of the company. "Tribune must find a way to separate the newspaper business from television broadcasting," a representative for the Chandler family [...]')('2006061', 'Welcome back to the New York Times\'s live Web coverage of the World Cup. Click on "more" for live updates on the all the action from Dortmund written, this afternoon, by Rob Mackey. As soon as it hits my TV screen, it\'ll hit your computer screen. POST-GAME WRAP Well the Polish fans in the stadium [...]')('2006061', "Chicago-based law firm Winston & Strawn announced Wednesday that Christopher Giordano will join its corporate department as a partner in New York, focusing on private equity firms and their portfolio companies. Mr. Giordano was previously a partner with Wiggins and Dana, and before that he worked at O'Melveny & Myers. Go to News Release from [...]")('2006061', 'After his final budget address in January. (James Estrin/The New York Times) So, Gov. George E. Pataki just announced his political action committee\'s "Iowa leadership team.\'\' The governor has podcasts of speeches where he says things like "Dream it, believe it and you will achieve it." He\'s on his way back to Iowa soon for [...]')('2006061', "Joe Bruno, the Senate Majority Leader and arguably the most powerful Republican in the State, has already said he doesn't like primaries. So what to do if one lands in his own back yard? Peter J. Santiago, who is running to represent the Albany area in the State Assembly, is saying that Mr. Bruno is [...]")('2006061', "For months, guessing the name of banking veteran Joseph Perella's new boutique has been a parlor game on Wall Street. Now, as Mr. Perella is poised to announce that his firm is open for business, DealBook has learned what the venture will be called: Perella Weinberg. No, it is not exactly a shocker. It was [...]")('2006061', 'The coming of a record-breaking leveraged buyout has been predicted for some time now, but Business Week has gone out on a limb by naming some names. The magazine cites five potential targets, but hedges by saying the list "isn\'t to suggest that these deals are in the works. Rather, they are illustrations of the [...]')('2006061', "Fred Conrad/The New York Times Jeanine F. Pirro, the Republican candidate for attorney general, is not waiting for the Democrats to pick their ultimate nominee before putting on the gloves. The former Westchester County district attorney stood outside of the building that houses Andrew M. Cuomo's campaign and held a press conference calling him essentially [...]")('2006061', 'French insurer AXA will buy the Winterthur unit from Credit Suisse for $10 billion in cash, the companies announced Wednesday morning. The news must have come as a surprise to some analysts, who pooh-poohed the chances of such a deal in an article published just hours earlier: Headline from the dailyII.com: "AXA Unlikely To Buy [...]')('2006061', 'Buffalopundit has an interesting take on Hillary and the need to compromise to get things accomplished. "When you settle, neither party is 100% pleased. But progress is made, something gets done, and you walk away with something; something is better than nothing, but not as good as everything. Hillary Clinton has made compromises as a [...]')('2006061', 'In today\'s Times, I read about Google\'s new secret computer center in The Dalles, Oregon: "THE DALLES, Ore., June 8 - On the banks of the windswept Columbia River, Google is working on a secret weapon in its quest to dominate the next generation of Internet computing. But it is hard to keep a secret [...]')('2006061', "George Soros has hit his Waterloo, and it's in France. That country's highest appeals court on Wednesday decided to uphold the financier's conviction on charges that he broke insider-trading laws during the Pleistocene Era (well, actually it was the late 1980's - but it sure seems like a long time ago). The result is that [...]")('2006061', "Live play-by-play here That's the game. The real winner of this game is Ukraine, which remains only a point behind these teams in the Group H table and will fancy its chances against both of them. The Saudis will be heartbroken by giving up the late equalizer, and Tunisia must know that it gave up [...]")('2006061', 'Readers respond to Frank Rich\'s June 11 column, "How Hispanics Became the New Gays" Waddell Robey, Harrisburg, Penn.: Your column today touched so many exposed nerves that I suspect there will be a rush on hypertension meds. So let it be, the truth needs to be free and the rising un-Christian attitudes within the evangelical [...]')('2006061', 'Once upon a time, whilst enjoying the delights of a Spanish lunch-time menu in San Sebastián, I noticed on the table to my left the presence of three nuns, tucking into their desserts and arguing the toss over something. Well - to pay the debate its due respects, two of them were proffering an opinion [...]')('2006061', 'Readers respond to Thomas L. Friedman\'s June 14 column, "G.M. - Again" Javier Seravalli, Lincoln, Neb.: I generally agree with the points of view expressed in your column. I am all in favor of the use of hybrids, lowering the federal speed limits and even a 0.50 gas tax. However, we live in a free [...]')('2006061', "The Two Million Dollar Man wants to build nuclear power plants across America and build a stronger Republican majority on Capitol Hill. Former Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani wants to be seen as a man wrestling with his presidential ambitions, though he's doing everything to suggest that he's already running for president. At last night's Giuliani [...]")('2006061', "Having watched Tuesday's France-Switzerland match, we now understand why the English have been so outraged about the Hand of God goal all these years. Late in the Tuesday game with the score tied at 0-0, the Swiss had a free kick deep in the French end. A dangerous ball was sent into the area amid [...]")('2006061', "Mergers and acquisitions star Joseph Perella may launch his much-anticipated investment banking boutique this week and possibly as early as Thursday, CNBC's Charles Gasparino reported Wednesday. Despite last week's defection of Jon Anda back to his and Mr. Perella's former employer, Morgan Stanley, Mr. Perella's firm - which still has not announced its name - [...]")('2006061', 'At the online science-intellectual magazine Edge.org, computer scientist Jaron Lanier has written an essay titled "Digital Maoism: The Hazards of the New Online Collectivism." Lanier condemns "the appeal of a new online collectivism that is nothing less than a resurgence of the idea that the collective is all-wise, that it is desirable to have influence [...]')('2006061', "I've heard of some strange cooperative marketing campaigns, but one between Panasonic and the House Rabbit Society takes the cake.")('2006061', "Daniel Loeb, the famously outspoken hedge-fund manager, will soon have something new to brag about. The New York Observer reports that Mr. Loeb is gearing up to move to a $45 million penthouse he is buying on New York's Central Park West. When the deal closes, it will rank as the highest-priced sale of a [...]")('2006061', "Japan's SUMCO said on Wednesday it would buy rival Komatsu Electronic Metals for about $320 million in a deal that puts it in the running to be the world's top producer of silicon wafers. SUMCO said it had agreed to buy 51 percent of Komatsu Electronic from construction machinery maker Komatsu for 2,400 yen per [...]")('2006061', 'Michaels Stores filed its delayed quarterly report late Tuesday and confirmed that there may be accounting discrepancies in its financials related to stock options granted before 2001. The arts-and-crafts retailer became associated with the so-called options-backdating scandal on Wall Street last week when it delayed filing its 10-Q because its audit committee was reviewing past [...]')('2006061', 'The Xerox Corporation said on Wednesday it would buy the privately held Amici LLC, which helps customers manage and search through legal and other documents, for $174 million. Go to Article from Reuters » Go to News Release from Xerox via Yahoo »')('2006061', 'The publisher of The National Enquirer and Star magazine said Wednesday that it would consider selling five magazines that do not fit its core business of celebrity and "active lifestyle" publications. American Media, which is owned by private equity firms Thomas H. Lee Partners and Evercore, has hired J.P. Morgan Chase and Bear Stearns to [...]')('2006061', 'A British gas and oil services company, the Expro International Group, said on Wednesday it was buying Power Well Services of Houston for $674.5 million to expand geographically and move into new markets. Go to Article from Reuters » Download News Release from Expro (pdf file) »')('2006061', "Gilbert White's Selborne Journal: Sunday, 13 June 1784: 29 5/10; 64; W. Sun, & showers with strong gales, cool. Few hirundines appear; they are sitting on their eggs. Wheat comes into ear. On this day arrived here from India Mr. Charles Etty. In his passage out, the ship he belonged to was burnt off the [...]")('2006061', "Private equity players Blackstone Group and Carlyle Group have reportedly postponed plans to launch listed buyout funds. In the current market conditions, it's not surprising. Kohlberg Kravis Roberts already mopped up most of the demand. But Breakingviews thinks that the buyout firms won't able to ignore the siren song of public funding for too long. [...]")('2006061', 'Shareholders in the media buyer Aegis voted down two board nominees put forward by the French financier Vincent Bollore on Wednesday, but Mr. Bollore vowed to continue his quest for representation by calling an emergency meeting in the autumn. Mr. Bollore, who is also the chairman and a major shareholder of the French advertising firm [...]')('2006061', 'Click "more" for play by play of the match. That\'s it from me. Victor Mather will be plonked in front of his computer at noon, bringing you the Saudi Arabia-Tunisia matchup. Thanks for your comments. Dirk wants to know about Tommy Smyth\'s onion bag, but I\'m not a doctor. If you\'re unfamiliar with the somewhat [...]')('2006061', "Rupert Murdoch's News Corporation could auction off the MySpace search business to one of the larger search providers like Google, Yahoo or Microsoft's MSN, a senior News Corp. executive said Tuesday. Chief Operating Officer Peter Chernin, speaking during a question-and-answer session at the Deutsche Bank Media & Telecom Conference in New York, said that such [...]")('2006061', "J. Crew will offer 18.8 million shares at a per-share price between $15 and $17 in its upcoming initial public offering, according to a regulatory filing on Tuesday with the Securities and Exchange Commission According to Tuesday's amended prospectus, the company is now seeking to raise as much as $367.54 million from the offering. As [...]")('2006061', 'Gemstar-TV Guide International on Tuesday said its former chief financial officer, who was fired in 2003 over a scheme to defraud investors, agreed to drop a claim against the company for $8.4 million. Go to Article from Reuters »')('2006061', 'Adobe Systems "has made no determination" to take legal action against Microsoft, after Microsoft said it would offer a free download to let users create PDF files in the next version of Office. Adobe, the world\'s largest maker of graphics software, posted a statement on its Web site Monday. It said "any speculation on this [...]')('2006061', "Phillips-Van Heusen may be exceeding its quarterly financial projections, but it remains hot on the acquisitions hunt to maintain the momentum. And one company that Women's Wear Daily said PVH has its eyes on is Warnaco. While sources told the fashion trade magazine that there are no indications a deal is in the offing, the [...]")('2006061', 'Plaintiffs\' attorneys in the Enron shareholder lawsuit filed papers Tuesday saying Houston law firm Vinson & Elkins helped executives at the company conduct a massive accounting fraud that led to that firm\'s December 2001 bankruptcy and billions of dollars in investor losses. V&E was no "mere scrivener, drafting, assembling and presumably even stapling closing documents," [...]')('2006061', 'The Securities and Exchange Commission is inviting public comment on the cost of mutual fund governance rules set aside by a federal court in April, a move that leaves open the possibility of reviving or revising them. The agency will accept comment until Aug. 21 on the cost issue and on "any issue related to [...]')('2006061', 'Executives guilty of manipulating their stock option grants should be prosecuted to the fullest extent possible, Senator Charles E. Grassley, the chairman of the Senate Finance Committee, said yesterday. "I hope the Justice Department and the Securities and Exchange Commission are taking a hard look at this practice," Mr. Grassley, Republican of Iowa, said in [...]')('2006061', "The private equity firm HMD Partners, based here, has sold its controlling stake in fashion house Escada to the Swiss finance group Finartis for an undisclosed sum – and has moved on to the next acquisition. Go to Article from Women's Wear Daily(Subscription Required) »")('2006061', 'Nordic Capital, an investment firm, said Tuesday that it would buy Dangaard Telecom, a Danish company that is one of the world\'s largest distributors of mobile phones and mobile phone accessories, for an undisclosed sum. "We want to help the company grow, both by acquisitions and organically," said Christian Dyvig, a partner at Nordic Capital. [...]')('2006061', 'The buyout firm Nautic Partners is near closing a deal to sell Contec, which repairs cable TV set-top boxes, to a fellow buyout firm, LBO Wire reported. The transaction, which was cleared of antitrust concerns by the Federal Trade Commission, is expected to close in a few weeks, LBO said. When the sale closes, Nautic [...]')('2006061', 'RedSeal Systems has dug up more than $14 million in Series A financing and plans to reveal its security risk management software for the first time later this week. Venrock Associates led the round, and Sutter Hill Ventures and Leapfrog Ventures also participated. RedSeal closed the first tranche of the round at its founding in [...]')('2006061', "Morgan Stanley has been awarded the role of sole bookrunner for the bond component of PSA International's acquisition financing for Hutchison Port Holdings. The $4.4 billion acquisition financing is to be funded through a combination of a $3.42 billion term loan and bond offering estimated to be worth around $1 billion. Morgan Stanley represented PSA [...]")('2006061', "The French insurer AXA has agreed to buy the Swiss-based Winterthur unit from Credit Suisse for 12.3 billion Swiss francs ($10 billion), the companies said Wednesday. AXA, one of the world's largest insurers, said the purchase would strengthen its business in its core European market, as will as in emerging markets in eastern Europe and [...]")('2006061', 'The public face-off between Mittal Steel and Arcelor, the rival steel giants, may soften a bit as a result of a meeting on Tuesday evening in Brussels in which they were expected to discuss a potential merger. There was no guarantee a deal would be struck, and public battles between Arcelor and Mittal executives might [...]')('2006061', 'Commodities have become big business for Wall Street banks, and revenues from the area could grow 15 percent to 20 percent a year for the next several years, even with recent pullbacks in the oil and metals markets, analysts and business heads said. Commodities-related revenues for the biggest global banks grew to more than $7 [...]')('2006061', 'An industrial testing and inspection business, Moody International, has been put up for a potential $250 million-$300 million sale by its private equity owner, Close Brothers Private Equity, The Telegraph reported. A number of trade and financial buyers, including support service and testing companies such as Intertek and Bureau Veritas, have indicated an interest, the [...]')('2006061', 'With buyout funds reaching increasingly astronomic proportions, it was only a matter of time before the venture capital community followed suit. Oak Investment Partners said it put the finishing touches on the largest venture capital fund ever, as its 12th vehicle closed with $2.56 billion. The new fund, Oak Investment Partners XII LP, gives the [...]')('2006061', 'Level 3 Communications is on the prowl for more acquisitions, and it is getting more serious about buying another provider of fiber optic services in metropolitan areas, according to Light Reading. Two leading candidates are AboveNet and XO Communications, and a number of analysts say that Level 3 could be looking at up to half [...]')('2006061', "Falconbridge's president dismissed speculation on Tuesday that the company was in talks with Xstrata and Inco about a three-way merger. The executive, Aaron W. Regent, said there are no talks with Swiss-based Xstrata, which launched a hostile bid for Falconbridge and is the company's largest shareholder. Mr. Regent said to his knowledge Toronto-based Inco is [...]")('2006061', 'France and Italy moved on Tuesday to resolve a dispute over energy policy that could give fresh impetus to ambitions by the Italian utility, Enel, to acquire assets owned by its French rival, Suez. The Italian prime minister, Romano Prodi, said ministers from both governments would meet in coming days to discuss the dispute, triggered [...]')('2006061', 'Place Micron Technology\'s acquisition of Lexar Media in the "be careful what you wish for" file. Shareholders are scheduled to vote Friday on the $732 million deal, which links two chipmakers, and signs suggest they will approve the transaction. Several hedge funds with holdings in Lexar had resisted the purchase, forcing Micron last week to [...]')('2006061', "Could the Los Angeles Times once again be up for sale? That question is on the minds of several of the city's richest businessmen, who reaffirmed this week their interest in bidding for the country's fourth-largest daily newspaper. Billionaire investor Ron Burkle, former Olympics organizer and Major League Baseball Commissioner Peter Ueberroth and philanthropist Eli [...]")('2006061', "In the hullabaloo over the future of Euronext, a stock market with suitors on both sides of the Atlantic, the myriad interests are so vocal and so varied that they risk drowning out a crucial question for many Europeans: What outcome, if any, will do most to improve the Continent's lackluster economic growth? After nearly [...]")('2006061', "Parlux Fragrances shares soared more than 30 percent in late trade Tuesday after the company's chief executive offered to buy the company and take it private. The chairman and chief executive, Ilia Lekach, through his company, PF Acquisition of Florida, is offering $29 a share in cash for all the outstanding shares of the perfume [...]")('2006061', 'Bayer vowed Wednesday to keep up its effort to buy the German drugmaker Schering, but on the final day of its takeover offer the outcome of an increasingly rancorous struggle was still in doubt. Bayer said Wednesday that it had bought Schering shares at prices up to 88 euro ($110.62), compared with its offer price [...]')('2006061', "After a string of defeats and retreats in the United Kingdom, investment bank Goldman Sachs has won a major victory in its attempt to lead a takeover of the country's largest ports operator. Associated British Ports Holdings has agreed to be acquired by a Goldman-led group in a deal valued at a 2.5 billion pounds [...]")('2006061', "UPDATE: Gentlemen, ladies! This is a colloquium on comedy, not national values! Please conduct yourselves accordingly! I will bang on this gavel repeatedly until you quiet down and return to your seats so that we can continue in an appropriate manner. . . . There. All right then, this is from Wednesday night's Conan O'Brien [...]")('2006061', "Bucking the recent trend toward last-minute price cuts on stock offerings, ethanol producer VeraSun Energy pegged its initial public offering above the forecast range late Tuesday. Then the new stock proceeded to jump nearly 30 percent on the New York Stock Exchange, underscoring investors' torrid interest in all things ethanol. The 18.25 million share offering [...]")('2006061', 'In the not-so-amazing race by travel insiders to find the new "it" spot, Croatia has been billed as "the next Italy."')('2006061', 'In this lesson, students reflect on and research the social, economic, political and geographic factors of various U.S. states/cities that may contribute to or inhibit crime. They will use this data to compose oral presentations for their classmates. For homework, they speculate on what effect rising or falling crime might have on community behavior.')('2006061', 'To update our pre-tournament post on good places to catch the games among partisan fanatics around the city - Where To Watch in New York - check out this soccer bar round-up from New York Magazine. One of the spots on this list is the excellent Cafe Bar Scorpio, in Astoria – if, that is, [...]')('2006061', 'Photo of Brazil win over Croatia in first round of World Cup')('2006061', "Ana Sortun, Chef at Oleana restaurant, Cambridge, Mass, discusses her passion for spices; describes her culinary education traveling through Turkey and Greece and how it has influenced and expanded her cooking style and menu; recipe for spoon lamb, spicy carrot puree and olives with za'atar given; photos (M)")('2006061', 'Emily M Kerner letter, prompted by Bob Herbert June 12 Op-Ed on possible voter fraud in 2004 presidential election, says election reform requires immediate attention')('2006061', 'Don Puglisi chocolate, which is made by hand without conching, machine that kneads chocolate into smooth texture, is sold at Bedford Cheese Shop in Williamsburg (NYC) and Fairway supermarkets; photos (M)')('2006061', "Associated Chambers of Commerce and Industry of India study predicts India's factories will double exports to $100 billion and create 25 million jobs by 2010 (S)")('2006061', 'Prof Diane Matza letter, prompted by David Brooks call for educators to solve widening reading gap between boys and girls by offering them different reading materials, says it is wrong to assume that what appeals to one sex will not appeal to other')('2006061', 'Mary Alice Carr letter says Bob Herbert June 12 column on questionable political tactics during presidential election of 2004 reveals dire need for election reform')('2006061', "Wayne Harley Brachman cookbook See Dad Cook, Kate Klippensteen cooking primer Cool Tools: Cooking Utensils from the Japanese Kitchen and book Off Duty: The World's Greatest Chefs Cook at Home by David Nicholls discussed; photos (M)")('2006061', 'First Lady Laura Bush attends New Jersey fund raiser for Republican Senate hopeful Thomas H Kean Jr; visit by Mrs Bush is seen as indication of Republican optimism; polls foresee tight race; photo (M)')('2006061', 'Mark Federman letter says authors David Brooks (June 11 column) recommends to encourage boys to read are not answer; says boys should have access to books with characters and issues that they can relate to; drawing')('2006061', 'Prof Mark Crispin Miller letter, prompted by Bob Herbert June 12 column on questionable Republican tactics during 2004 presidential campaign, says integrity of elections is not left-right issue but civic matter of immeasurable importance')('2006061', 'Photo of minor league baseball team Brockton Rox bobble head doll9')('2006061', "Alexandra Siy letter, prompted by David Brooks June 11 column on boys' lack of interest in reading, says boys do not like reading because they are distracted by other things")('2006061', 'Emily Toder letter says for David Brooks (June 11 column) to suggest that male readers might prefer certain male authors because men are out of touch with their feelings subscribes to confounding gender myths')('2006061', 'Variety of honeys, which have been used by generations of French chefs to add unique flavor to food, are becoming more readily available to consumer and chef alike; Zeke Freeman, owner of Bee Raw Honey, discusses his inspiration for producing line of specialty, single-flower honey and trends in marketplace; recipes for country ribs with chestnut honey and spicy calamari with summer wildflower honey given; photo (M)')('2006061', "CBS wins ratings for Monday night with repeats; debut of Fox reality show Hell's Kitchen is No 1 among viewers age 18 to 49 (S)")('2006061', 'Sundaes & Cones, owned by Royce Chan, opens East Village, Manhattan, store after losing lease in Sunset Park, Brooklyn; specializes in diverse homemade ice cream; photo')('2006061', 'New York City Mayor Michael R Bloomberg signs three bills to tighten city lobbying regulations; new rules ban gifts from lobbyists to city officials (S)')('2006061', 'Amy Glaser letter on June 7 article about bridal registry suggests women look more closely at quality of husbands and less at quality of gifts desired')('2006061', 'Photo of New York Yankees player Robinson Cano, who helped win game against Cleveland Indians6')('2006061', 'Miami Heat defeats Dallas Mavericks, 98-96; Dallas leads NBA finals, 2-1; photo (M)d')('2006061', 'Jo Sanders letter, prompted by David Brooks June 11 column claiming that boys read less than girls because of biological factors, says it may be because boys and girls are treated differently')('2006061', 'Sarah Pinneo letter on June 7 article about bridal registry suggests that brides register durable goods rather than delicate items')('2006061', 'House approves $94.5 billion emergency spending bill, including $65.8 billion for military operations in Iraq and Afghanistan and $19.8 billion to finance hurricane recovery in Louisiana and Gulf Coast states (M)')('2006061', 'New York Yankees pitcher Randy Johnson says he will pitch in game against Cleveland Indians, despite being given option to skip start (S)')('2006061', "Ilyana Kuziemko letter disagrees with David Brooks (June 11 column) claim that boys' difficulty in school began with feminist curriculums in 1970s; says boys have performed poorly relative to girls for as long as educational data has been collected")('2006061', 'Mark Bittman Minimalist column discusses use of arugula, intensely flavored green; recipe for bean and salt cod salad using arugula and capers given (M)')('2006061', 'A man who calls himself Ken Griffin’s former “friend and mentor” is suing the billionaire money manager, alleging that Mr. Griffin defrauded him and breached their partnership agreement before going on to found hedge fund giant Citadel Investment Group. Rush Simonson’s lawsuit claims he was there with Mr. Griffin when he started trading stocks in […]')('2006061', 'Recently, I was mooning around in the parenting section of our local bookstore, licking my wounds after a particularly unpleasant Mommy run-in, and vaguely re-reading Rosalind Wiseman\'s "Queen Bees and Wannabes." I was wondering if there was anything original to say about grown-up mean girls and good female friendship, when another local mom, seeing me [...]')('2006061', "It's the last day of Mad Scientist Week, and I'd like to discuss the ultimate mad scientist's experiment: what would happen if we crossed humans with chimpanzees? Along with cloning, this is one of those ideas that has exercised many a science-fiction writer, and fascinated their readers - perhaps because it raises so many questions [...]")('2006061', 'The Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 is a "terrible" piece of legislation and needs to be fixed, the Blackstone Group\'s chief executive, Stephen Schwarzman, said on Thursday. The law has come under fire before from executives who say it burdens companies with hefty compliance costs. But the law is rarely criticized by buyout executives such [...]')('2006061', 'In my last post. I talked about the big houses of Champagne and how for the most part they do as much as they can to exalt the fact that they are brand names and play down the idea that they are wines. But there is another side of Champagne, a side not of polished, [...]')('2006061', 'We hear K.T. McFarland\'s next "Kitchen Talk" will be held Saturday morning at the home of Colleen McGinley on Staten Island. About a dozen neighbors are expected at attend. K.T., who is in a brawl with John Spencer to be the Republican challenger against Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton this fall, has been teetering between events [...]')('2006061', "Jonathan Tasini, the antiwar activist running for the United States Senate in New York, has tirelessly traveled the state trying to collect the 15,000 signatures he needs to enter the Democratic primary against Hillary Rodham Clinton. But he says he'd welcome it if the Clinton operation and its allies in the state Democratic Party employed [...]")('2006061', 'Readers respond to David Brooks\'s June 15 column, "Changing Bedfellows." Jim Driscoll, Alexandria, Va: Like nearly every other commentator, you are overlooking a critical factor on immigration. Our current hodgepodge with huge quotas for North Americans and even larger illegal migration mostly from North America discriminate in favor of Mexicans and Central Americans and against [...]')('2006061', 'The site known as Niagara Falls is made up of three waterfalls, including American Falls, left, and Horseshoe Falls, right, on the Canadian side of the border. (Joe Traver/Reuters) Remember New York? Maybe Eliot Spitzer\'s team forgot. Mr. Spitzer\'s "Tribute" ad, paying homage to the once-was greatness of New York State, begins by flashing a [...]')('2006061', "Minutes after cable network CNBC reported that Millennium Pharmaceuticals had hired Morgan Stanley to explore a sale of the company, the drug maker scrambled to say the report was old news. The company's shares rocketed higher and then deflated as investors struggled to make sense of it all. Responding to the CNBC report, Millennium fired [...]")('2006061', "Tom Suozzi started the morning ready to blast his rival Eliot Spitzer at his doorstep (again), calling a press conference in front of the attorney general's office. But that would-be backyard brawl backfired a bit, when Mr. Suozzi was upstaged by a Republican from his own backyard. After calling Mr. Spitzer's settlement with the state [...]")('2006061', 'Click "more" for the play-by-play of Sweden-Paraguay as it happened at the Olympiastadion in Berlin, Jeff Z. Klein describing the action. A quick glance at your comments before we leave. Yes, this game was pretty bad. But I disagree with Arthur Davidson Ficke: I think all in all the games at this World Cup have [...]')('2006061', "On Wednesday, DealBook made reference to the caustic but eloquent letters for which hedge fund manager Daniel Loeb is famous (or infamous, if you are on the receiving end). As if on cue, Mr. Loeb has obliged us with this contentious missive, directed at the board of directors of Nabi Biopharmaceuticals. Mr. Loeb's fund, Third [...]")('2006061', "Representative John Sweeney, a Republican whose tough re-election race has garnered national attention, received some encouraging news in a campaign that has been beset by setbacks. A Zogby poll published in today's Times-Union of Albany showed that for all the attention his Democratic challenger, Kirsten Gillibrand, has received, she remains a largely unknown figure among [...]")('2006061', "Is Phillips-Van Heusen trying Warnaco on for size? It is just speculation at this point, but Wednesday's anonymously sourced report in apparel-industry trade publication Women's Wear Daily drew a positive response from some analysts. Phillips-Van Heusen bought Calvin Klein in 2002, and Warnaco is Calvin Klein's biggest licensee. Lazard Capital Markets analyst Todd Slater published [...]")('2006061', 'For live updates of Duncan Irving\'s coverage of England vs. Trinidad & Tobago click "more." That\'s it from me. Sorry for the bumper glitch and thanks for your comments. Go easy on the robot dancing. Jeff Klein will be mastering the keyboard for the Sweden-Paraguay game. FINAL THOUGHTS: Tommy Smyth wins the best commentator award; [...]')('2006061', 'Kicking and Screaming will be posting occasional views of the World Cup from the United States. Here is the first, by Tania Menai, a Brazilian journalist based in New York. NEW YORK - This month, Leonardo Zraick considers himself the luckiest man in Manhattan - at least while he is at work. "All my colleagues [...]')('2006061', 'For pre game coverage of England vs. Trinidad & Tobago click "more." England Robinson Carragher Terry Ferdinand Ashley Cole Beckham Lampard Gerrard Joe Cole Owen Crouch Subs: Rooney, Campbell, James, Bridge, Hargreaves, Jenas, Carrick, Lennon, Downing, Carson, Walcott, Neville. Trinidad & Tobago Hislop Edwards Sancho Lawrence Gray Birchall Whitley Yorke Theobald, Stern John Jones Subs: [...]')('2006061', 'In this lesson, students consider the impact of photography on bringing interest and readership to a magazine. They then create their own sample magazines and write papers analyzing the impact of online media on the print publication industry.')('2006061', 'The global head of equity research at HSBC is not happy. Many of the notes written by the bank\'s analysts amount to "worthless flashnotes," and the analysts who produce them, along with their managers, "do not deserve to be paid this year," he raged in an internal e-mail to senior managers earlier this month. He [...]')('2006061', "Sebastian Holdings, a fund that has been agitating for a revamp at Vivendi, said Thursday it opposed the company's plan to buy France Telecom's PagesJaunes telephone directories. The fund, which holds a small Vivendi stake whose exact size is unclear, said in a statement that such an acquisition would harm Vivendi's value. Vivendi on Wednesday [...]")('2006061', 'Does the new generation of soccer intellectuals have an ethnic slant? Lizzy Ratner, writing in The New York Observer, presents an anthropological analysis of "the Soccer Jew, that intellectual, kvetchy, Granta-reading guy who also happens to possess an encyclopedic knowledge of Ronaldinho\'s every kick. With one foot planted firmly in the nerd camp and at [...]')('2006061', 'If only the government would let them speak, hedge fund managers could convince the public that their business is not a nest of secrecy and fraud, several fund executives suggested at a Securities Industry Association conference on Wednesday, according to Reuters. (And you thought hedge funds just liked being mysterious.) The general solicitation rule limits [...]')('2006061', "The Weekly Standard mischievously recycles a 1997 piece in the magazine by James Webb, the Democratic nominee for George Allen's U.S. Senate seat (from Virginia). The article questions the ways in which women have been assimilated into the U.S. military. Webb wrote: [N]o effort has ever really been made to examine the issues raised by [...]")('2006061', "Click more for Austin Kelley's live commentary on the Group A match in Hamburg. Final Thoughts When the tournament started, Ecuador wasn't given much of a chance. People said they could only win at the ridiculous altitudes of Quito, but they have impressed in their first two games, winning them by a total of 5-0. [...]")('2006061', "Inter-Tel's founder and largest shareholder, Steven Mihaylo, said Thursday he has offered to buy out the company at $22.50 a share cash. Mr. Mihaylo said Vector Capital is a partner in the offer. He also said purchase price holds a 14 percent premium above the closing price of Inter-Tel's shares on March 3, and 12 [...]")('2006061', 'Bear Stearns said its profits rose 81 percent in the second quarter as revenue hit a record high. The securities firm reported net income of $539 million in the three months ended May 31, up from $298 million in the same quarter of 2005. Net revenue came to $2.5 billion, up 33 percent, lifted by [...]')('2006061', "Here's to those who've figured out how to use technology to free up, rather than eat into, family time.")('2006061', "The market turmoil couldn't come at a worse time for some boutique investment banks. If the swoon has been tough up and down Wall Street, though, boutique investment banks have had it worst. Since May 10, Thomas Wiesel Partners is down 31 percent, Greenhill is off 30 percent and Jeffries is lower by 25 percent. [...]")('2006061', 'The House Financial Services Committee approved a bill Wednesday that would change the process for reviewing proposed foreign investments in the United States. The bill would require all transactions involving state-owned companies to get an additional 45-day review and would allow more of the deal-approval process to be made public. Impetus for the bill stems [...]')('2006061', 'Several pension funds have hired well-known law firm William Lerach and filed lawsuits Tuesday against firms under federal investigation for allegedly enriching executives by manipulating the timing of stock-option grants. Pension funds from the United States, Europe and Australia, which have investments in several companies under scrutiny, are being represented by Mr. Lerach, the attorney [...]')('2006061', "Fannie Mae is likely to come in for another round of intense criticism when the Senate Banking Committee meets Thursday for a hearing about a stinging government report on the housing giant's accounting scandal. Among the witnesses is Fannie's chief executive, Daniel Mudd, who, according to the company's regulator, failed to take an opportunity to [...]")('2006061', "Revelations that the Japanese central bank governor invested in a fund implicated in an insider-trading scandal have led to criticism of both the bank and of one of the country's most respected economic leaders. The uproar started on Tuesday when the Bank of Japan governor, Toshihiko Fukui, told a parliamentary finance committee that in 1999 [...]")('2006061', "Richard A. Grasso, the former chief executive of the New York Stock Exchange, faced questions from federal regulators about whether he prodded traders to support the American International Group's share price while he was head of the exchange and its regulatory unit. During Mr. Grasso's deposition, given before the Securities and Exchange Commission in June [...]")('2006061', 'In an apparent show of investor wariness, shares of Parlux Fragrances shares traded sharply lower Wednesday than a management-led cash buyout offer for the perfume maker. Parlux share volume was extraordinarily active, at more than 10 times the norm, but the price - even at a 9.3 percent jump - did not come close to [...]')('2006061', 'Directors of Misys edged a step closer to making a bid for the healthcare-to-banking IT group yesterday when its non-executive directors gave a possible management buyout team, led by Kevin Lomax, the chief executive, the go-ahead to explore an offer. An independent committee of directors, led by Sir Dominic Cadbury, chairman, said that it had [...]')('2006061', 'The Carlyle Group announced Wednesday that it had closed Carlyle Asia Growth Partners III (CAGP). The $668 million fund will continue to invest in growth capital companies across China, India, Japan and Korea. Carlyle also manages Carlyle Asia Venture Partners I ($159 million) and II (US$164 million), which were launched in 2000 and 2002, respectively. [...]')('2006061', "ProStor Systems secured a $12.2 million Series B financing round, bringing the company's total investment to $18.4 million, the company reported Wednesday. The round was led by Sutter Hill Ventures of Palo Alto, Calif. Original investors New Enterprise Associates and Boulder Ventures also participated in the round. Go to Article from Denver Business Journal »")('2006061', "A networking company, Ember, has closed an additional $12 million in funding from its primary venture capital investors and strategic partners, bringing its total amount of venture funding to $65 million. Boston-based Ember said the capital will help fuel the company's expansion in the ZigBee wireless networking market. ZigBee is a wireless network used for [...]")('2006061', 'In one of the largest research grants by an oil company, BP is planning to spend $500 million over the next 10 years to finance major work on biofuels to find "longer-term commercial alternatives to oil and gas." The energy giant is in talks with several universities in the United States or Britain as possible [...]')('2006061', "Small companies going public are facing more and more obstacles in the United States, prompting venture capitalists to look to London. Some 40 companies in the United States have listed on the London Stock Exchange's Alternative Investment Market since it opened more than a decade ago, and more companies from outside Britain are listing there [...]")('2006061', 'Shui On Land, a Chinese real estate developer, said it scrapped an initial public offering of 7.96 billion Hong Kong dollars ($1 billion) after a slump in global stock markets. "In light of deteriorating market conditions, we have decided to postpone our global offering," Vincent Lo, a Hong Kong billionaire who controls the developer, said [...]')('2006061', 'A golf equipment retailer Golfsmith International Holdings priced an initial public offering worth $69 million Wednesday, according to an underwriter. The 6 million share offering, which represents about a 39 percent stake in the company, sold for $11.50 a share, below a $14 to $16 forecast range. Go to Article from Reuters via CNN Money [...]')('2006061', 'After suspending its merger plans with FPL Group due to disputes with Maryland lawmakers, the power company Constellation Energy Group said on Wednesday it would sell part of a natural gas exploration and production business in an initial public offering in an attempt to take advantage of high gas prices. The business, Constellation Energy Resources, [...]')('2006061', 'Another play about skullduggery on Wall Street, "Burleigh Grimes," has flopped, leaving some wondering why Broadway has such a hard time getting laughs out of the financial sector. MarketWatch\'s David Weidner speculates that the reason is perhaps because Wall Street is already playing to a packed house - in the courtroom. Weidner says that "[f]ew [...]')('2006061', "City banks and lawyers are to share a bumper 315 million pounds ($582 million) in fees for helping a consortium led by Grupo Ferrovial, of Spain, to win the fiercely contested £10.1 billion bid battle for BAA, the world's biggest airports operator. Eleven companies will share the spoils, but the largest amount is expected to [...]")('2006061', "Google said on Wednesday it plans to pay $319 million for property and buildings, including its headquarters in Mountain View, Calif., to accommodate a growing work force. The purchases include Google's existing headquarters at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, which the company had been subleasing, and nearby buildings that are home to Silicon Graphics, formerly a successful [...]")('2006061', "A furious row erupted Wednesday night between Airbus's two shareholders after BAE Systems accused European Aeronautic, Defence & Space of deliberately trying to depress the value of the company in order to buy out BAE's 20 percent stake in the European plane maker on the cheap, the Independent reported Thursday. EADS stock fell 26 percent [...]")('2006061', 'After three years of trading lawsuits, rival wireless technology companies Padcom and NetMotion Wireless have taken an unusual step: They\'ve decided to merge. Venture-backed NetMotion lost a patent infringement suit to Padcom in late March - the culmination of legal wrangling that began in 2003. After the trial, the two companies engaged in a "more [...]')('2006061', 'A Thomson unit has agreed to acquire London-based AFX News from Agence France-Presse for an undisclosed amount, the companies said Wednesday. Thomson Financial, a provider of real-time financial news to institutional clients, said that its buy of AFX is expected to close next month, pending regulatory review in Germany. Go to Article from MarkeWatch »')('2006061', "Goldman Sachs looks like it's in for another nasty bidding war. Goldman and Australia's Macquarie Bank on Thursday made competing bids of 2.59 billion-pounds ($4.76 billion) for Associated British Ports Holdings, the biggest British port owner. Determined not to be outmaneuvered on a another infrastructure deal, Goldman Sachs Group had raised its offer for AB [...]")('2006061', 'If there were rumors that Time Warner\'s AOL might sell its European arm, AOL\'s chairman put them to rest yesterday. The chairman, Jonathan Miller, speaking during a question-and-answer session at the Deutsche Bank Securities Media & Telecom Conference in New York, said that the company believes it has a "really good future" in Europe. "There\'s [...]')('2006061', "Royal Philips Electronics, the world's largest maker of patient monitoring systems, agreed to buy Intermagnetics General for about $1.3 billion to add a maker of superconducting magnets used in MRI scanners. Philips will pay $27.50 for each share of Intermagnetics, the Amsterdam-based company said Thursday. Shares of Latham, N.Y.-based Intermagnetics closed at $21.38 yesterday, valuing [...]")('2006061', "McClatchy said on Wednesday the Department of Justice had requested additional information on the sale of two California newspapers, a deal that is part of the company's larger purchase of Knight Ridder. McClatchy said it would respond promptly to the request concerning the sale of the San Jose Mercury News and the Contra Costa Times [...]")('2006061', "U.S. regulators have not found any antitrust issues with Xstrata's proposed takeover of the Canadian miner Falconbridge, the Swiss-based company said Wednesday. This comes as Falconbridge and a fellow Canadian nickel miner, Inco, try to win approval from competition authorities in the United States and Europe for their own plan to merge. Inco and Falconbridge [...]")('2006061', 'Alexei Mordashov, the billionaire owner of Severstal in Russia, said Wednesday that he would consider sweetening the terms of an agreement with Arcelor, the Luxembourg-based steel maker seeking to repel a hostile bid from Mittal Steel. "If Mittal changes the proposal, we will think about it," Mordashov said during an interview Wednesday in London. "If [...]')('2006061', "A trans-Atlantic deal that looked like a strategic coup for the newly public NYSE Group – its proposed acquisition of the pan-European stock exchange Euronext – appears to be turning into a quagmire. The NYSE Group's traction has slipped as politicians in Europe have lined up in favor of a domestic alternative to the deal. [...]")('2006061', "Jones Apparel Group is in play, although that doesn't appear to be stopping the $5 billion apparel giant from courting new deals. According to Women's Wear Daily, Jones has been negotiating a deal with Vera Wang, possibly to produce a new line. Such a potential move is being viewed as a way for the group [...]")('2006061', 'Veolia Environnement, the world\'s biggest water company, said it is considering a bid for Vinci, the world\'s largest builder with a market value of 18.9 billion euros ($23.8 billion). Veolia asked its chief executive "to study the possibility of a friendly merger with Vinci," the Paris-based company said Thursday. Vinci said in a separate statement [...]')('2006061', 'The health care giant Bayer clinched its bid for Schering on Wednesday as the rival suitor, Merck of Germany, backed off, agreeing to sell its stake to Bayer in return for a possible joint venture with the combined company. The new company is expected to become a German powerhouse in pharmaceutical research and production. Merck, [...]')('2006061', "Gilbert White's Selborne Journal: Tuesday, 15 June 1784: 29 8/10; 61 1/2; SW, S. Wet, dark & still mist, deep fog!! Cherries on the wall turn very fast. Apricots, peaches & nect: swell. Continue to plant out annuals. Some swallows have young. *** 6:30 am. 62 degrees. Mostly clear. I can't explain it. For the [...]")('2006061', 'The wraps came off Joseph Perella\'s long-awaited boutique investment banking firm early Thursday, with a press release declaring the launch of Perella Weinberg Partners, "a new financial services firm that will provide corporate advisory and investment management services to clients around the world." (DealBook readers got an early heads-up on the name, albeit without the [...]')('2006061', 'After Tribune\'s second-largest shareholder, the Chandler family trusts, threw down the gauntlet in a letter calling for a breakup of the company, the question becomes: Who could the possible bidders be? In the letter, which says the Tribune should explore the sale of the company as a whole at an "attractive premium" if assets can\'t [...]')('2006061', "Thanks to reader Stacy-Marie for sending us the url for a more comprehensive Soca Warriors music site at TnT in Germany. Not only can you listen to all the current Soca Warriors anthems there; you can also listen to the classics from the '89 Strike Squad team we waxed sentimental about in a recent post. [...]")('2006061', 'Photos of Maj Gen Patrick H Brady, Barbaralee Monday and other supporters of proposed constitutional amendment to ban desecration of United States flag')('2006061', 'Sarah Motes Ashley letter, prompted by June 12 article on youth using cell phones in forbidden settings with high frequency ring tones, says young people will not be able to hear this frequency for long because they are exposed to deafening sound levels; drawing')('2006061', "Photo of New York Mets' win over Philadelphia Phillies")('2006061', 'Philippe Starck designs interior of Katsuya restaurant in Los Angeles; photos (S)')('2006061', 'Klaus Aalto designs portable barbecue that is city-friendly; photo (S)')('2006061', 'New waterproof acrylic fabric may be used indoors or outdoors; photo (S)')('2006061', 'Jeff Peters letter says Democrats should concentrate on winning votes before they eye positions that might be gained if they take control of House of Representatives (June 10 article)')('2006061', 'Design Within Reach is opening discount warehouse filled with its modern furniture in Seacaucus, NJ; photos (S)')('2006061', 'David P Sloane letter agrees with June 8 editorial supporting Federal Trade Commission authority to stop brand-name drug manufacturers from blocking generic competitors')('2006061', "Stafford Matthews letter says Pres Bush's visit to Iraq was long overdue (June 14 article)")('2006061', 'Michael Andrulewich designs table with hickory ax handle legs; photos (S)')('2006061', 'Minnesota Wild hires sportswriter Chris Snow as director of hockey operations (S)')('2006061', "Photo of Edmonton Oilers' win over Carolina Hurricanes in Game 5 of Stanley Cup finals")('2006061', "James Bourne letter, prompted by June 12 article on Mexico's presidential election, says US political campaigns should hold themselves to standards of decency imposed in Mexico by Federal Election Institute")('2006061', "Nancy F Smith letter says Abu Musab al-Zarqawi would likely not have existed as terrorist leader if Pres Bush's Iraq policy had not provided perfect environment for his cruelty (June 14 article)")('2006061', "Diane Bancroft Watson letter says Pres Bush's trip to Iraq was political opportunism (June 14 article)")('2006061', 'Mayor Michael R Bloomberg appoints Paul J Cosgrave commissioner of information technology, succeeding Gino P Menchini (S)')('2006061', "New York City Mayor Michael R Bloomberg kicks off three-day tour for advisers evaluating city's bid for 2008 Democratic National Convention (S)")('2006061', 'Photo of Franklin Square, LI, home of Joseph Sicari after explosion destroyed structure and left him critically burned')('2006061', "John Schlager letter criticizes June 14 editorial calling Pres Bush's trip to Iraq 'publicity stunt'")('2006061', 'New album by AFI reaches No 1 spot on Billboard charts with sales of 182,000 copies; new release by Dixie Chicks slips to No 2; photo (S)')('2006061', "Byrwec Ellison letter says Pres Bush's surprise trip to Baghdad (June 14 article) was unwitting demonstration of US domination in Iraq")('2006061', 'Judy Ross letter says she read with much sadness June 12 editorial on planned closing of Maytag factory and headquarters in Newton, Iowa')('2006061', 'Premier of second season of TNT drama The Closer attracts 8.3 million viewers, largest cable audience for scripted series; ABC wins ratings for Tuesday night with NBA basketball broadcast; photo (M)')('2006061', "John Spencer, Republican challenger for Sen Hillary Rodham Clinton's seat, says he plans to begin advertisement that attacks members of his own party, accusing national Republicans of not backing him up and asking voters to send donations to him in lieu of other party members and causes (M)")('2006061', 'Letter from New Jersey Gov Jon S Corzine applauds families of Sept 11 victims for demanding thorough investigation that exposed dangerous national security gaps')('2006061', 'Roundup of high-end sinks, cabinet systems and counter surface products available for kitchens; photos (M)')('2006061', 'Letter from Senators Chuck Grassley and Patrick Leahy agrees with June 8 editorial saying Federal Trade Commission must be allowed to block brand-name drug manufacturers from keeping generic competitors off market; says this practice reduces competition and keeps drug costs high')('2006061', "John Woods letter says Pres Bush's trip to Iraq is sign of desperation about disastrous war (June 14 article)")('2006061', 'Alex Dering letter, prompted by June 12 article on youth using cell phones in forbidden settings with high frequency ring tones undetected by adult ears, says easiest solution for adults is to buy sound sensor triggered by high-pitched tone')('2006061', 'House Appropriations Committee votes to reduce funds for Corporation for Public Broadcasting and refuses to allocate money to it for 2009; committee will give $400 million to corporation for fiscal 2007, but votes to eliminate spending for its conversion to digital television and for Ready to Learn grants; question of financing will go next to House floor and then to Senate (S)')('2006061', "Photos of Germany and Tunisia's wins in World Cup")('2006061', 'Open call by International Talent Conference at Fashion Institute of Technology draws wide variety of people hoping for career in modeling; photos (M)')('2006061', 'Spider-Man publicly reveals his identity in second issue of Civil War, mini-series from Marvel Comics; photo (S)')('2006061', 'New York Knicks coach Larry Brown does not talk to reporters about future with team (S)')('2006061', 'Personal Shopper Column on latest furniture and accessories for kitchens; photos (M)')('2006061', 'Track champions Annie and Ceci St Geme give opinions on performance and comfort of running skirts; suggest shorter skirts are better for speed; photos (M)')('2006061', 'John S Koppel letter says it is no surprise that special prosecutor has decided not to bring charges against Karl Rove in CIA leak case (June 14 article)')('2006061', "U.S. military handout/World Picture NewsAbu Musab al-Zarqawi was killed in an air strike in Baghdad Wednesday. Iraqis have been congratulating each other ever since the news of Abu Musab Al-Zarqawi's death was announced (Mohammed Fadhil, of the blog Iraq the Model, wrote about this in Tuesday's Wall Street Journal). My mother spoke with her two [...]")('2006061', 'Matrix and Bubble Meter take note of the latest trend in real estate: the collapse of bubble blogs. – DAMON DARLIN')('2006061', 'It\'s no surprise that the real-estate market is being affected by the gigantic computerplex being built by Google in The Dalles, Ore. The project, according to our Page 1 story, has "caused local real estate prices to jump 40 percent and is expected to create 60 to 200 permanent jobs in a town of 12,000 [...]')('2006061', "Zip Realty has its latest report on price reductions in a number of markets across the country. It can't catch all of them, but the list gives you a good idea of how sellers are tempering their expectations. Newton, Mass., leads the way with almost half the listings showing a price reduction. The Los Angeles [...]")('2006061', 'A word to all not reading this on a Mac. Here\'s an excellent reason to feel good about working on a John Hodgman rather than a Guy From "Dodgeball": the FIFA World Cup site is offering free video highlights of all the games, and they look beautiful, I\'m told, if you did not just shell [...]')('2006061', "A really aggressive real estate agent, especially in a seller's market, will march right up to the door of homes and ask if they are for sale. Some will have an offer ready from a client who loves the house and the neighborhhood. What if the Internet could do that too? Igglo, a Finnish company, [...]")('2006061', 'Vancouver has been held out as one of the great examples of urban rejuvenation. Tall apartment towners concentrated downtown have created a density that in turn has created a lively street life. Residents shop and eat near their homes in the towers. Okay, it sounds like New York City, but that is the point. Most [...]')('2006061', 'In response to my recent "Power Games" post about frustrating conversations with restaurant reservationists and annoying experiences with reservations, a reader rightly asked why I chose not to "single out the culprits," meaning restaurants that had booked private parties and then wiped accepted dinner reservations off the books.')('2006061', 'Raser Technologies, a technology licensing company, said on Friday that Amp Resources, which Raser had agreed to buy, had delivered a termination notice of the acquisition agreement to Raser. Go to Article from Reuters via Yahoo » Go to News Release from Raser »')('2006061', "Vince Vaughn's acting career is going strong these days, but his mother's role as a high-end money manager seems to have flopped, big time. On Friday, Forbes.com reported on the financial troubles of Sharon E. Vaughn, Vince's mother and the manager of a hedge fund called Directors Performance Group. As told through documents from the [...]")('2006061', "Brookfield Asset Management, the biggest non-government owner of power plants in North America, agreed to buy a controlling stake in Transelec Chile SA for $1.55 billion from Hydro-Quebec, adding transmission lines to its South American energy assets. Brookfield will buy 92 percent of Transelec, Chile's largest electricity transmission company, with the Canada Pension Plan Investment [...]")('2006061', '[Correction appended.] Former Virginia Gov. Mark Warner is deemed a darling of the liberal blogosphere - and the "runaway winner" of the "pre-Iowa caucus" that was the YearlyKos convention, in the words of Arianna Huffington - largely because of his relationship with Jerome Armstrong, a pioneer among Democratic bloggers who founded MyDD.com and who inspired [...]')('2006061', "This year's Le Mans 24-Hour race, tomorrow and Sunday, will be worth watching for several reasons. Naturally the first reason is because it is Le Mans, one of the three greatest races in history, along with the Monaco Grand Prix and the Indianapolis 500. Secondly, it will be interesting also to see if Audi can [...]")('2006061', 'Click "more" for play-by-play commentary of the match, as it happened at the Niedersachsenstadion in Hanover. Jeff Z. Klein describes the action. More post-game Looking in on the comments, I\'m sorry I brought up this thing about the taco de ojo. Let\'s not allow that to overshadow the significance of this result - which is [...]')('2006061', 'Man, after all the fun I\'ve made (and many others have made) of idiotic PR-speak, there\'s still one rep out there who has the cluenessness to send around this buzzwordy email pitch: "Please consider a potential review of [Product Name Here], an out-of-the-box Internet streaming solution that combines video with multimedia and web content." Dude, [...]')('2006061', 'Moving to quell fears that securities laws might jump the ocean like bird flu, the Securities and Exchange Commission on Friday published what it called a "fact sheet" on cross-border exchange mergers. Though the NYSE Group was not mentioned, the S.E.C.\'s statement was clearly geared toward recent concerns about that company\'s proposed $10.2 billion acquisition [...]')('2006061', "Gov. George E. Pataki's own staff in Iowa isn't ready to endorse him for president - quite a boost as he makes the rounds at the Iowa G.O.P. convention this weekend. (Props to Ben Smith for eyeballing.) – Patrick Healy")('2006061', 'If you think the stock market has been grim in recent weeks, check out shares of the major exchanges, NYSE Group and the Nasdaq Stock Market. They are down 41 percent and 43 percent, respectively, from their 52-week highs. But TheStreet.com points out that shares of the Chicago Mercantile Exchange - the largest publicly traded [...]')('2006061', '"I still hate the FIFA World Cup," says Graciela Daleo. Her hatred lingers from the 1978 championship, when Argentina, the host team, won its first FIFA title. Daleo, a political militant, suffered through that World Cup from her clandestine prison cell in the Naval Mechanics School (ESMA), which housed the most infamous of the concentration [...]')('2006061', "Brooklyn City Councilman Bill de Blasio, a seasoned political operative, may be smarting today. He made an appearance before a local Democratic organization in his Brooklyn district on Thursday night to urge members to endorse his old boss, Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton. (Mr. de Blasio managed Mrs. Clinton's 2000 Senate campaign before running for a [...]")('2006061', 'A Suozzi supporter sent in this (doctored) take on Eliot with the message, "all in good fun." Reacting to our posting yesterday about the Spitzer ad that featured the Canadian side of Niagara Falls, Tom Suozzi put his musical talents to work with this ditty: O Candidate, You should know your native land. And the [...]')('2006061', "Everything seemed to be on track for German drug maker Bayer's $20.8 billion takeover of Schering until Merck started buying Schering stock last week. Schering had rejected Merck's hostile bid in March, and Merck wasn't going away silently. A bidding war on shares drove Schering's stock up, along with the cost of Bayer's takeover. But [...]")('2006061', "Live play by play of Holland – Ivory Coast, described by Victor Mather. That's the game. Holland advances and the Ivory Coast is out after two hard-fought 2-1 losses to pretournament favorites. It's a tough break for the Elephants, who might well have advanced from anywhere but the Group of Death. Thanks for reading, and [...]")('2006061', 'An independent investment bank, GMP Capital Trust, entered the private-equity market on Friday, purchasing EdgeStone Capital Partners for about 157.7 million Canadian dollars ($140.8 million) in cash and units. The purchase of what GMP called "one of Canada\'s leading private equity firms" came just a month after GMP\'s chief executive, Kevin Sullivan, said in an [...]')('2006061', "James Estrin/The New York Times Is it better to be feared or ignored? This weekend, Gov. George E. Pataki heads to Iowa - again. It's his seventh trip there this year. This time around he's attending the Hawkeye state's Republican convention. Those Iowans seem to like George just fine, so he shouldn't have to worry [...]")('2006061', 'As Verizon Communications prepares to announce whether it will sell or spin off its directories business, a research analyst is calling the planned separation a "mixed bag" for the telephone giant\'s investors. Morgan Stanley analyst Simon Flannery said in a research note this week that Verizon\'s cash flow would take a hit and earnings would [...]')('2006061', "Energy Partners Ltd. said Friday it made a formal offer to buy Stone Energy for $51 per share, giving the oil and gas producer until Sunday to choose between its offer and a previous one from Plains Exploration and Production. Friday's bid valued Stone's equity at $1.4 billion, Energy Partners said. Stone agreed to be [...]")('2006061', 'Mirant, the Atlanta-based power company that recently withdrew an $8 billion hostile bid for it srival, NRG Energy, said Friday that it would hold a series of meetings with shareholders next week to discuss its future. It also suggested that it was not considering other acquisitions in the wake of the messy about-face on NRG. [...]')('2006061', 'Zack Exley, who first rose to prominence as the proprietor of the satirical 2000 campaign Web site gwbush.com, says the media will soon grow tired of writing about political blogs, and then, "It\'s on to the next big fake thing." He writes at Daily Kos: Yes, all this buzz about the power of the Blogosphere [...]')('2006061', 'Click on "more" to follow our live coverage of the match between Argentina and Serbia+/-Montenegro this morning in Gelsenkirchen, described by Rob Mackey. ***** Okay that\'s it for this one. Go grab a bite to eat and get back here for the 12 pm EST match we\'re tracking between the aforementioned Dutch and the Elephants [...]')('2006061', "Veolia Environnement sought to ease investors' fears of a costly bid battle for Vinci on Friday, saying it would not make a hostile bid for the company. Reaffirming that it wanted to merge with Vinci, Veolia said such a deal would create value through faster revenue growth and synergies that could add as much as [...]")('2006061', 'Telenor has told some institutional shareholders in Vimpelcom that it might consider buying more stock in the Russian mobile operator, it said in a filing to market regulators in the United States. Telenor, a telecommunications company based in Norway, currently has a voting stake of 26.6 percent in Vimpelcom, a Russian cell phone provider, and [...]')('2006061', "BCE is holding talks with a private equity group that includes the Ontario Teachers Pension Plan to sell its Telesat satellite unit for 3 billion Canadian dollars ($2.7 billion), Canada's Globe and Mail newspaper reported on Friday. Ottawa-based Telesat is the world's fifth-largest commercial satellite operator, and sources in the financial community say the company's [...]")('2006061', "The volume of private-equity backed mergers and acquisitions in the United States so far this year has reached record levels, according to research firm Dealogic. Through June 14, more than 500 deals worth $157.4 billion and backed by private equity have been announced. That's almost double the volume during the same period of 2005. Go [...]")('2006061', "Three decades after he started Microsoft with the dream of placing a personal computer in every home and business, Bill Gates said Thursday that he would leave his day-to-day role there in two years. He will shift his energies to the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, which his Microsoft fortune has made the world's largest [...]")('2006061', 'Lexar Media investors will find out late Friday whether the latest takeover bid from Micron Technology is enough to win over several large shareholders who complained an earlier offer was insufficient. After raising its all-stock bid by 5.4 percent two weeks ago to about $775 million, Micron will put the vote to Lexar shareholders at [...]')('2006061', "The co-chief executive of EADS, Noel Forgeard said on Friday he first knew in April of potential production problems on the Airbus A380 but there was no reason at the time to think the planemaker could not resolve them. Under fire over what Airbus's parent company told investors and his decision to exercise stock options [...]")('2006061', 'First came the branding, now come the lawsuits. Law firms big and small across the country have spent tons of money in recent years on branding and advertising campaigns meant to set their firm apart from their peers. In the wake of some of those efforts, though, clients are finding it increasingly difficult to distinguish [...]')('2006061', 'Two former New York Stock Exchange specialists broke the N.Y.S.E.\'s "golden rule" by putting themselves ahead of their customers, a prosecutor said in opening arguments at their criminal trial. Michael Hayward and Michael Stern, former traders for Van der Moolen Specialists USA, are charged with defrauding customers by "front-running," or trading ahead of client orders, [...]')('2006061', "It will take years for Fannie Mae, the mortgage giant, to change its practices and recover from an $11 billion accounting scandal, the top government official overseeing the company told the Senate Banking Committee on Thursday. Fannie Mae's two top executives, testifying before the committee, said they were in the middle of a total overhaul [...]")('2006061', "A federal judge ordered a unit of the bankrupt commodities broker Refco to honor a British court judgment to pay $124 million to Sberbank, Russia's largest bank, court documents show. Sberbank sued Refco Securities in December after accusing the broker of essentially taking the bank's collateral from several loan transactions. Go to Article from Reuters [...]")('2006061', "Boston Scientific said Thursday that a federal judge in Delaware had upheld last summer's jury verdict that the Cordis subsidiary of Johnson & Johnson infringed its patented design for coating coronary stents with drugs. The decision, by Judge Sue L. Robinson, came more than a month after she had upheld three other jury decisions in [...]")('2006061', "The H. J. Heinz Company said it was planning a vigorous campaign against attempts by the billionaire investor Nelson Peltz to get the company to raise profit. Heinz said in a statement yesterday that it was recommending that shareholders vote for its slate of 12 directors at the company's annual meeting in August. Mr. Peltz [...]")('2006061', 'The landmark fraud and conspiracy case against the law firm Milberg Weiss Bershad & Schulman has run into unexpected delays because five federal judges in Los Angeles who had been assigned to it recused themselves from hearing the matter. The recusals have caused arraignments to be postponed for two defendants who had agreed to plead [...]')('2006061', 'The EMI Group, the music giant, agreed yesterday to pay $3.75 million to resolve accusations of paying radio programmers to play specific songs, becoming the last of four major companies to reach a settlement as part of an investigation by the New York attorney general. The office of the New York attorney general, Eliot Spitzer, [...]')('2006061', 'Along with hip-hop and Hollywood movies, Europeans are eagerly importing another American phenomenon: soaring pay packages for chief executives, The New York Times writes. For decades, Europeans were far more restrained than Americans when it came to rewarding the boss. Now, executives overseas are less inhibited about asking for American-style compensation. And often they are [...]')('2006061', 'The China Construction Bank said on Friday it had sold a portfolio of repossessed mortgage assets with a face value of 960 million yuan ($120 million) to a foreign consortium. The bank said it had received 19 percent of the face value of the assets in the sale. The portfolio included offices, shopping malls, retail [...]')('2006061', 'Hoping to cash in on the billions of dollars spent on advertising, ClickShift has emerged from stealth with $6 million in new funding to build a business around its marketing analytics software, VentureWire has learned. Founded in 2005, San Bruno, Calif.-based ClickShift raised its Series A capital from El Dorado Ventures and US Venture Partners [...]')('2006061', 'VLST, a tiny Seattle biotechnology company that was formed by two former Amgen researchers, has scored $55 million in venture capital that it will use to develop experimental treatments for diseases such as lupus, psoriasis and multiple sclerosis. The financing - the 16th-biggest venture capital deal in the country this year and the largest in [...]')('2006061', 'MicroNets and Eyespot are wading into a rapidly growing thicket of do-it-yourself Internet video editing start-ups. But armed with fresh funding and a focus on cellphones, the pair hope to distinguish themselves in a particularly hot tech segment. While both MicroNets and Eyespot develop software for editing video clips and sharing them among PCs and [...]')('2006061', 'The tech billionaire Mark Cuban, the high-profile owner of the NBA\'s Dallas Mavericks, may be out of bounds with his plan for a new Web site aimed at ferreting out corporate fraud, says BusinessWeek. The reason: Cuban has said he\'ll buy and sell stocks based on scoops the site uncovers, even before they\'re published. "There [...]')('2006061', 'Two more Asian property sector I.P.O.s were overcome by the volatile market environment yesterday, with China-based Yanlord Land Group forced to cut the number of shares on offer by 29 percent and Cambridge Industrial Trust, based in Singapore, pulling its deal altogether. Both listing candidates had already completed their bookbuilding. Go to Article from FinanceAsia [...]')('2006061', "Golfsmith International, a seller of golf and tennis gear, priced an initial public offering of 6 million shares at $11.50 each, but investors apparently felt that was a bit on the high side. Golfsmith's stock was down 19 cents at $11.31 in morning trading. Golfsmith granted its underwriters an option to buy up to 900,000 [...]")('2006061', 'When shares of Volcano and Synchronoss Technologies both priced below their expected range on Wednesday it looked as though the venture-backed companies were set up for a poor reception on the Nasdaq. Both issues came out of the gate strong, however, as Synchronoss gained 13 percent in Thursday morning trading; and Volcano tacked on 12 [...]')('2006061', "Shares of Aeroports de Paris, Europe's second-largest airport operator, rose as much as 6 percent Friday after its 1.4 billion-euro ($1.8 billion) initial public offering, the second-largest privatization this year behind the Bank of China. The offer, which was also the biggest I.P.O. in France for six months, priced at 44 euros a share for [...]")('2006061', 'Perella Weinberg Partners, the start-up investment firm launched yesterday by Joseph Perella, the veteran Wall Street banker, will not set up a private equity fund because of fears over potential conflicts of interest. Philip Yates, a London-based partner who was previously co-head of mergers and acquisitions at Merrill Lynch in Europe, said that the firm [...]')('2006061', "A Bear Stearns-backed hedge fund is shutting its doors under a mysterious cloud after regulators discovered an unusual, potentially improper pay deal in which one of the Wall Street giant's brokers was caught matching super-rich investors with secretive investment pools. The closing of the fund, Mosaique Capital Management, a $374 million fund based in Los [...]")('2006061', 'Underwriting syndicates could become the next class-action target unless the Supreme Court throws cold water on an antitrust case brought against Credit Suisse First Boston, now Credit Suisse Group, and other I.P.O. underwriters. The top court could decide on Monday whether to hear a case that might upend the common practice of securities syndication, which [...]')('2006061', 'When looking at the Pennsylvania legal landscape, many in the industry would say that Morgan, Lewis & Bockius and Dechert are the "big two," but some may now consider it a "big three" state after Reed Smith\'s latest acquisition. Reed Smith and London-based Richards Butler are one major step closer to finalizing their merger plans [...]')('2006061', 'Ports and airports are hot assets in Britian but regional brewers are even hotter. Their crafted cask ales still face an unequal fight against overpromoted bland lagers, but it is their pubs the buyers want. Hardys & Hansons agreed on Thursday to be taken over by Greene King for 271 million pounds ($502 million), a [...]')('2006061', "The race for control of Canada's nickel titans moved closer to the finish line as competition authorities in Europe, the United States and Canada signaled various levels of approval for competing bids for Falconbridge and Inco. Sources close to the European Commission told The Globe and Mail on Thursday that the regulator is preparing to [...]")('2006061', 'Suez, a French utility company, and the state-controlled Gaz de France reiterated Thursday their plan to merge, shrugging off doubts expressed by lawmakers of France\'s governing party. Jean-François Cirelli, chairman of Gaz de France, and Gérard Mestrallet, chairman of Suez, said in a joint statement sent by e-mail that the only plan they were "carrying [...]')('2006061', 'A Venezuelan media investor, Gustavo Cisneros, said on Thursday his company, Venevision Investments joined a group of bidders exploring an offer for a Spanish language broadcaster in the United States, Univision Communications. Cisneros said Venevision, a privately held Venezuelan broadcaster controlled by the Cisneros family, has joined with five private equity firms and Mexican broadcaster [...]')('2006061', "The independent directors of the Tribune Company threw their support yesterday behind the embattled chief executive, dismissing a call by the second-largest shareholder, the Chandler family trusts, to break up the company and questioning the shareholder's motives. The support for Dennis J. FitzSimons, the chief executive, came in a letter from the seven independent directors. [...]")('2006061', 'A Harvard law professor and software company CA Inc. will square off in court on Friday over one of the most contentious corporate-governance issues out there - the antitakeover provision commonly known as the poison pill. As noted in a well-written item in the Conglomerate blog, the Delaware Court of Chancery will hear arguments on [...]')('2006061', 'Photo of Miami Heat win over Dallas Mavericks in Game 4 of NBA finals')('2006061', 'Prof Nelson D Horseman letter, prompted by David Brooks June 11 column on why boys are falling behind in schools, says boys and girls need different kinds of experiences and training as they grow')('2006061', 'Mel Minthorn letter, prompted by June 14 article on $94.5 billion federal emergency spending bill, suggests that for every dollar spent on promoting democratic activities abroad, matching dollar be spent to promote democracy in United States')('2006061', "Dan Hancock letter, prompted by June 15 editorial opposing Sen Arlen Specter's proposed bill on government wiretaps, says it is unrealistic to expect any Republican senator to challenge legality of National Security Agency's domestic surveillance program in election year")('2006061', 'Group of Brooklyn College graduate art students whose thesis exhibition was shut down last month have filed federal suit against New York City, Parks Department and college, claiming that their free-speech rights were violated and that their work was damaged when it was removed (S)')('2006061', 'Fox wins ratings for Wednesday night with two-hour episode of reality show So You Think You Can Dance (S)')('2006061', 'Newark, NJ, Police Department Director Anthony F Ambrose announces his retirement, effective end of June; photo (S)')('2006061', 'Roberta Smith reviews paintings by Mel Bochner at Peter Freeman Inc and Werner H Kramarsky galleries (M)')('2006061', 'Letter from Gustav Ranis, prompted by Nicholas D Kristof June 13 column on foreign aid, says that foreign aid can be effective if donors act like bankers and let recipients define their own problems and reform programs')('2006061', "Photo of visitors to Bronx Zoo's new African Wild Dog exhibit")('2006061', "Boston Symphony Orchestra says mezzo-soprano Lorraine Hunt Lieberson is canceling appearance at Tanglewood and all her performances for rest of year for 'personal reasons'; photo (S)")('2006061', "Excerpts from Frank Bruni reviews of restaurants Dona in Midtown, Dressler in Williamsburg, Cafe d'Alsace on Upper East Side and Sascha in meatpacking district; photo (M)")('2006061', 'New York Democratic Rep Charles B Rangel criticizes gubernatorial hopeful Thomas R Suozzi over accepting contributions from Kenneth G Langone, wealthy Republican who opposes Democrats in Congress; Rangel supports Suozzi rival Eliot Spitzer for governor (M)')('2006061', "Egyptian Organization for Human Rights condemns government threats to ban book and film version of The Da Vinci Code; group says it 'believes that judging literary and creative works from religious or political perspective threatens to impose religious or political tutelage over human thought' (S)")('2006061', 'Acquisitions by Spanish companies and investor groups continue to grow; leading foreign acquisitions and bids by Spanish companies listed (S)')('2006061', 'Photo of Tadd Fujikawa, who is youngest golfer to ever play US Open, at age 15')('2006061', "Brock Adler letter says June 15 editorial discusses different domestic spying bills being considered 'as if outcome really mattered'; says Pres Bush will simply sign law and then ignore it")('2006061', 'Photo of excavation at World Trade Center site')('2006061', "Sen Dianne Feinstein letter on June 15 editorial opposing proposed bills that would change rules on wiretapping as result of Pres Bush's domestic spying program; says bill she co-authored with Sen Arlen Specter would preserve individualized warrant process required by Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act")('2006061', 'Ken Johnson reviews paintings by Christian Hellmich at Lehmann Maupin gallery (M)')('2006061', 'Ken Johnson reviews paintings by Martin Eder at Marianne Boesky Gallery (M)')('2006061', 'Letter from Cathy Skoula, executive director of Action Against Hunger, says that most effective aid is to distribute seeds and tools and to provide training that enables communities to become self-sufficient (Nicholas D Kristof June 13 column); drawing')('2006061', 'Photo of Sen Robert C Byrd meeting with family members of miners who died in January Sago Mine accident in West Virginia')('2006061', 'Miami Heat defeats Dallas Mavericks, 98-74, to tie NBA finals, 2-2; photo (M).')('2006061', 'Brian Reardon letter, prompted by Nicholas D Krsitof June 13 column on foreign aid, says it is important to remember developmental benefits of aid')('2006061', 'Holland Cotter reviews art exhibition No More Drama: The Saga Continues at Center for Book Arts (M)')('2006061', 'Letter from Ian Vasquez, project director at Cato Institute, says Nicholas D Kristof (June 13 column) correctly notes questionable record of foreign aid in promoting growth and reducing world poverty; says aid programs need regular and independent performance audits')('2006061', 'John Devaney letter says Pres Bush failed to capitalize on opportunity to display leadership and diplomatic initiative during his surprise trip to Baghdad (June 14 article)')('2006061', 'Letter from Operation USA Pres Richard M Walden, prompted by Nicholas D Kristof June 13 column on foreign aid, says that reimbursement by government and United Nations agencies has created contracting--not charity--mentality among relief agencies; says many nonprofits are most concerned with their own longevity')('2006061', 'House Democrats vote to remove Rep William J Jefferson from House Ways and Means Committee until his bribery case is resolved; Democrats want to avoid scandal as they try to use accusations of Republican corruption to gain midterm election victories (M)')('2006061', 'Grace Glueck reviews artworks from collection of Sigmund Freud Museum in Vienna at Austrian Cultural Forum in Manhattan; photos (M)')('2006061', 'Pres Bush signs $94.5 billion emergency spending bill, including $65.8 billion for military operations in Iraq and Afghanistan and $19.8 billion for hurricane relief; final approval of bill was accompanied by Congressional frustration over use of emergency spending measures to pay for overseas military operations (M)')('2006061', 'Ken Johnson reviews paintings by Clayton Brothers at Bellwether gallery (M)')('2006061', 'Pres Bush teased reporter Peter Wallsten for wearing sunglasses at press briefing; Wallsten has degenerative eye condition; Bush later apologized; photo (M)')('2006061', "Letter from Dorrance Smith, assistant secretary of defense for public affairs, says May 21 and 22 articles about police training programs in Iraq did not mention that traditionally, Dept of Defense has been prevented from training police forces and responsibility has been State Dept's; says exaggeration of challenges ignores success and diminishes bravery of Americans and members of Iraqi Police Service")('2006061', 'Michael Jordan takes co-ownership position with Charlotte Bobcats and will become managing owner in charge of basketball operations and personnel matters (M)0')('2006061', "With the United States, Ghana, Italy and the Czech Republic facing a complicated denouement in their Group of Death's final matches on Thursday, it pays to know FIFA's tie-breaking procedures. From the FIFA rules for breaking ties in the standings during the group phase at Germany 2006 (Article 31-5): The ranking of each team in [...]")('2006061', 'For Duncan Irving\'s live updates of the U.S-Italy game, please click "refresh" on your browser bar, or press "more." Note to Benjamin Thompson. Yeah, you\'re correct. But the U.S. still needs to beat Ghana and have Italy do them a favor. Postgame:A stormy encounter this, full of drama and what the pundits like to call [...]')('2006061', 'Click "more" for play-by-play of the match as it happened at the RheinEnergieStadion in Cologne. Jeff Z. Klein describes the action. Postgame That was an Israeli flag! A reader wrote in at halftime to ask if Gyan pulled an Israeli flag out after scoring - seemed impossible, but just now we saw a player on [...]')('2006061', 'Clever hackers have figured out a way to switch between programs by swatting the side of a computer screen.')('2006061', 'Click on "more" for our live coverage of the match between Portugal and Iran today in Frankfurt, which gets underway at 9am EST, described by Rob Mackey. POST-GAME WRAP That was much better from Portugal. Even though their second was from the penalty spot, it was well-earned by lots of pressure and they didn\'t sit [...]')('2006061', 'Clinton Speaks Against Encroachments on Privacy By Anne E. Kornblut Sharpton Enters Fray Over U.S. House Seat By Jonathan P. Hicks Whose Niagara Falls? Spitzer Stumbles on Geography By Jennifer Medina Mayor Tells Insurers to Honor 9/11 Payout By Charles V. Bagli')('2006061', "There's a very funny essay poking fun of the immigration debate that is making the rounds by email. I'm not sure who wrote it or whether it was published anywhere, but it begins: The flood of American liberals sneaking across the border into Canada has intensified in the past week, sparking calls for increased patrols [...]")('2006061', "The news in Darfur and Chad seems to be getting worse rather than better. I'm in China, but I just received this release from Doctors Without Borders describing people so desperate because of insecurity in Chad that they are actually fleeing into Darfur! The report says: More than 10,000 people have fled violence in southeastern [...]")('2006061', "For those of you who keep pining for a United States in which everyone cares deeply about soccer, we refer you to The Onion's vision of such a land as it would have appeared a couple of days after the Americans' 3-0 loss to the Czech Republic - a country where the Dow Jones average [...]")('2006061', 'Photo of Iraqi commandos at Baghdad mosque, where bomber blew himself up, killing 11 Shiite worshipers')('2006061', 'Phillip Alder bridge column on team events at world championships in Verona, Italy; diagram (M)')('2006061', 'June 9 article about stock options granted in June 2004 to executives of Cyberonics misstated value of vested portion of options')('2006061', "Photo of Argentina's 6-0 win over Serbia and Montenegro in first round of World Cup7")('2006061', 'CBS wins ratings for Thursday night with shows Game Show Marathon, CSI and Without a Trace (S)')('2006061', "David G Winter letter disputes Miami-Dade School Board's decision to remove A Visit to Cuba, book for children in kindergarten through second grade, from school libraries because it does not accurately represent life in Cuba")('2006061', 'Robert H Aland letter responds to June 13 editorial; holds that Dirk Kempthorne would not have been appointed as new secretary of interior if he did not share anti-environment ideology of Bush administration')('2006061', 'American Federation of Teachers pres Edward J McElroy letter disputes claim by Education Sec Margaret Spellings that charter schools are open in New Orleans because of their ability to cut through red tape and be responsive to families; holds that government officials are using destruction that Hurricane Katrina caused as opportunity to conduct experiment in which New Orleans students are guinea pigs')('2006061', 'Letters comment on June 16 editorial opposing Supreme Court ruling that evidence is admissible when police disobey knock-and-announce rule; Barry Zamer, Martin S Bloor, Warren Kaplan, Burton Kreindel and Joyce Adams support editorial; Mark Overholser opposes it; T Allen Roques notes that 11 states have passed bills that say if unknown person comes crashing through your door, you have right to shoot first and ask questions later; drawing')('2006061', 'June 12 Op-Ed article about demonstrations at military funerals, hospitals and memorial services, incorrectly described protesters at military funerals')('2006061', 'June 16 picture caption with article about playwright Sheila Callaghan misstated title of her new play; it is Dead City')('2006061', 'Photo of Photo of New York Yankees win over Washington Nationals')('2006061', 'Irving Mirsky and Lorenzo Dufau letters comment on Brent Staples June 10 column about racism in armed forces during World War II')('2006061', 'Letter from Bernard Gassaway, former New York City high school principal, holds that decision to ban cellphones in schools should be made at school level; says principals must have autonomy to make this decision')('2006061', 'Bush administration supports European Union proposal to transfer funds through World Bank to pay stipends to poor Palestinians, some of whom had previously drawn salaries from Palestinian government (M)')('2006061', 'June 15 article about arrest of soccer fans in Dortmund, Germany, during World Cup omitted credit for reporter at scene; she is Petra Kappl')('2006061', 'June 14 article about Public Broadcasting Service referred incorrectly to stations KQED operates')('2006061', 'Dr Paul Plasky letter holds that soda machines should be removed from hospitals (June 12 article)')('2006061', "Security Council votes to authorize transfer of former Liberian Pres Charles Taylor from Sierra Leone to International Criminal Court to stand trial; he faces 11 counts of war crimes and crimes against humanity in connection with Sierra Leone's civil war (S)")('2006061', "June 15 article about release of lawmakers' financial disclosure statements misstated location where Rep John Boehner won $2,700 from slot machines; it was in Kewadin Casino in Manistique, Mich")('2006061', 'Photo shows coffins during mass burial in Sri Lanka; dead were victims of landmine attack on bus that killed 64 people')('2006061', 'Photo of painted walls in oldest Etruscan burial chamber ever found; man charged with looting tombs led Italian authorities to site')('2006061', 'June 14 article about sale of Bell Labs building in Holmdel, NJ, misidentified New Jersey community where AT&T once had its headquarters: it was Basking Ridge')('2006061', "Welcome to Evolution 101! This week, I'll discuss a number of basic concepts in evolution, including questions such as when we expect to see rapid evolutionary changes and whether humans are still evolving. As we go along, I'll point out a number of the (many) misconceptions people have about how evolution works. Today, I want [...]")('2006061', "Click here for Austin Kelley's live updates about the Group-G action in Leipzig. FINAL THOUGHTS France finally scored. They had control of the match. But they were unable to put away the Koreans. They may regret their profligacy. They now have only 2 points heading into their match against Togo. They'll need to improve their [...]")('2006061', "Eyes Are on Mrs. Clinton, but Fists Are on Each Other By Patrick Healy In Pataki's Final Session, a Long To-Do List Remains By Danny Hakim and Jennifer Medina Protesters Urge Better Care for Those Exposed to 9/11 Dust By Damien Cave")('2006061', 'Live updates of the Brazil-Australia game with Victor Mather here. A great game. The neutral fan has to love Brazil. They kept attacking despite their lead, allowing the game to be free-flowing and full of chances. The oddsmakers are less convinced. Brazil have been favorites to win this Cup since the last one ended. But [...]')('2006061', 'Click "more" for play-by-play of the Croatia-Japan match, LIVE, as it happens at the Frankenstadion in Nuremberg. Rob Mackey describes the action. POST-GAME WRAP The Beckham of the Balkans won\'t be so popular there now. That missed penalty by Srna cost Croatia 2 points and will force them to beat the Australians in their final [...]')('2006061', 'We\'re not ones to knock the competition, and we\'ve always admired the feature writing at The Wall Street Journal, but the article in Friday\'s Journal titled "Kissinger\'s Guide to Watching the World Cup" comes across as hopelessly antique. The premise of the article: well-known soccer fan Henry Kissinger is a good person to guide Americans [...]')('2006061', "Robin Finn The Island column on continuing battle between environmentalists who are trying to protect and improve population of endangered piping plovers nesting on Sammy's Beach in East Hampton, NY, and some owners of oceanfront property who want traditional Fourth of July fireworks to go on as scheduled; photo (M)")('2006061', "Former PEA Capital chief executive Kenneth W Corba agrees to settle civil fraud charges with Securities and Exchange Commission in case involving three companiies that advised Pimco's stock funds; pays $200,000 penalty; former Pimco Advisers Fund Management chief executive Stephen J Treadway continues to fight lawsuit (M)")('2006061', 'Article on local opposition to plans by Scott Jerutis of Kyle Properties to develop last piece of undisturbed land at Fishkill Supply Depot, military camp and storage yard used by Continental Army in Fishkill, NY, that might be site of Revolutionary War cemetery (M)')('2006061', "The Week column; illegal off-road traffic cut utility lines to Shoreham Beach in Brookhaven, NY, in late May, forcing town to delay beach's official opening at least until mid-July; cost of repairs to severed electric and phone cables is put at $40,000; Suffolk County health officials conduct new series of water-quality tests to try to determine cause of latest fish kill in Forge River; Suffolk County Executive Steve Levy proposes allowing developers to buy tax liens and assume costs and risks of environmental cleanup in effort to speed up development of about 150 brownfield sites that are in tax arrears; photos (M)")('2006061', "Paula Refi letter comments on June 4 article on Wal-Mart's move into organic foods")('2006061', "Joseph Berger Connecticut Journal column on opening of Westchester Fairfield Hebrew Academy in Greenwich, Conn, which he calls small milestone in America's advancing tolerance; academy is housed in former campus of Rosemary Hall, exclusive girls' boarding school that merged with Choate three decades ago; photo (M)")('2006061', "New York Independent System Operator outside counsel Ira L Freilicherr letter on Tim Mount's June 11 Op-Ed article about electricity deregulation in New York")('2006061', "Letters from Friends of Animals correspondent Noah Lewis and Therese Sataline on George Saperstein's June 11 Op-Ed article on supporting Connecticut farmers")('2006061', 'Judith Bergoffen letter comments on Julia Reed May 28 review of Bill Buford book Heat0')('2006061', 'Thomas Layman letter on June 11 article says New York Philharmonic is technically good, but not very exciting')('2006061', 'Stephanie Lyness reviews Taqueria Mexico restaurant in Wallingford, Conn (S)')('2006061', 'Article on local opposition to plans by Scott Jerutis of Kyle Properties to develop last piece of undisturbed land at Fishkill Supply Depot, military camp and storage yard used by Continental Army in Fishkill, NY, that might be site of Revolutionary War cemetery (M)')('2006061', 'Ceremony is held at Sagamore Hill National Historic Site in Oyster Bay, NY, as cultural resources chief Amy Verone accepts pistol stolen in 1990 from FBI official Mark Mershon; pistol, believed to be one Theodore Roosevelt carried in his charge up Kettle Hill in Cuba as head of Rough Riders during Spanish-American War, reportedly was recovered in Florida; possible criminal prosecution is pending; photos (M)')('2006061', 'Article on names of suburban subdivisions, which often have little connection to where they are situated, their surroundings or what they have been named for; marketing and advertising managers for some subdivisions in New York metropolitan area comment on naming process; photos (M)')('2006061', 'Letters comment on June 16 article about changing Mass for US Catholics; Donald Andries questions why it is necessary to change spoken English of Mass just to satisfy some Latin purists in Vatican; David E Pasinski criticizes bishops for not addressing more important issues; Msgr Harry J Byrne holds that new translations of Catholic Mass prayers have been approved by US bishops under Vatican pressure; Richard H Escobales Jr supports change')('2006061', 'Article on deluxe movie theaters owned by National Amusements that offer special amenities such as reserved seating in special auditoriums, live pianists in lobbies and full-service restaurants; photo (M)')('2006061', "David Peterson letter contends that Major League Baseball commissioner Bud Selig cannot protect integrity of game by ridding it of steroids because commissioner's office itself has no integrity (S)")('2006061', 'Correction of May 7 listing of documentary film about soccer Once in a Lifetime')('2006061', 'Hugh F McCay letter on June 11 article on volunteers who monitor behavior of Long Island Rail Road riders')('2006061', 'Article on conflict between Community Board 3 and its Technology Advisory Committee chairman Thomas Lowenhaupt over plans for redesign of Landing Lights Park in Jackson Heights, Queens; three-dimensional representation of current park has been put inside multiplayer online game called Second Life so that neighborhood residents can create their own dream park; drawing (M)')('2006061', 'Article on local opposition to plans by Scott Jerutis of Kyle Properties to develop last piece of undisturbed land at Fishkill Supply Depot, military camp and storage yard used by Continental Army in Fishkill, NY, that might be site of Revolutionary War cemetery (M)')('2006061', 'James Schembari Generations essay on dilemma he faced when his teenage son disobeyed after-school curfew to be with his friend, whose father had just died of cancer; drawing (M)')('2006061', "Bernard Holland reviews new CD of Beethoven's Symphonies Nos. 2 and 6 played by London Symphony Orchestra, conducted by Bernard Haitink; photo (M)")('2006061', "Op-Ed article by National Organization for Women's New York chapter president Sonia Ossorio calls on New York Assembly and Senate to reach agreement on bills that would eliminate statute of limitations on rape (M)")('2006061', 'James Schembari Generations essay on dilemma he faced when his teenage son disobeyed after-school curfew to be with his friend, whose father had just died of cancer; drawing (M)')('2006061', 'Correction of June 4 article about Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador, leftist candidate for president of Mexico')('2006061', 'Profiles of and interview with brothers Kevin, Joseph and Nicholas Jonas of Wyckoff, NJ, teens who comment on success of their pop band, Jonas Brothers, and their debut album; photo (M)')('2006061', 'Ceremony is held at Sagamore Hill National Historic Site in Oyster Bay, NY, as cultural resources chief Amy Verone accepts pistol stolen in 1990 from FBI official Mark Mershon; pistol, believed to be one Theodore Roosevelt carried in his charge up Kettle Hill in Cuba as head of Rough Riders during Spanish-American War, reportedly was recovered in Florida; possible criminal prosecution is pending; photos (M)')('2006061', "pulse: what i'm wearing now: the father and son**Dennis Leary, star, writer and producer of television show Rescue Me, and his son, Jack, share same taste in jeans, jackets and T-shirts; photo (S)")('2006061', "Cathy Unsino letter on June 11 article on plans to redevelop area around Park West Village on Manhattan's Upper West Side")('2006061', 'Article on deluxe movie theaters owned by National Amusements that offer special amenities such as reserved seating in special auditoriums, live pianists in lobbies and full-service restaurants; photo (M)')('2006061', 'Bill Cunningham Evening Hours photos of dinners and galas around New York City')('2006061', 'Editorial calls on New York State Legislature to approve bills that would improve state politics, help thwart crime, improve medicine and health and make life better for New Yorkers')('2006061', "Letter from Michael Schudrich, Poland's chief rabbi, notes that Pres Lech Kaczynski and other top officials in his government spoke out against Anti-Semitism after May 27 incident (June 11 editorial)")('2006061', 'James R Oestreich reviews new CD of three Mozart pieces played by Le Concert des Nations, conducted by Jordi Savall; photo (M)')('2006061', "Two letters respond to June 11 article about companies that are investigating their job applicants' online presence; Amanda Doster holds that companies should remember that while each individual is unique, each name is not; Alia Husain maintains that there is bias against young people in job market")('2006061', 'The Week column; Town Board in Greenburgh, NY, will review recommendation of Town Planning Board to approve heliport at Madison Square Garden Training Center for use by senior executives; photo (S)')('2006061', 'Correction of June 11 Op-Ed article about electricity deregulation; major hydroelectric plant in New York is in Massena, not Messina (S)')('2006061', 'Article on new kind of farm that is cropping up in exurban areas 50 to 100 miles outside New York City as niche, hobby and artisanal farming gains ground; strange and exotic breeds of livestock include llamas and alpacas, peacocks and heirloom chickens; small farms, preservationist in intent and capital-intensive in practice, often just break even and are rooted in love of animals rather than in making money or winning ribbons at agricultural fairs; photos (L)')('2006061', 'Number of successful young players, including Sergio Garcia, Justin Rose and Ryan Moore, have failed to find success at major tournaments; photo (M)')('2006061', 'Charles McGrath Home Work column on annual ritual of preparing backyard swimming pool for summer; drawing (M)')('2006061', 'The Week column; Connecticut Education Comr Betty Sternberg, whose tenure was marked by battles over federal No Child Left Behind law and achievement gaps between white, black and Latino students and between poor and wealthy, is hired as superintendent of school district in Greenwich, Conn; minor-league hockey team Danbury Trashers, whose owner, James Galante, has been indicted and jailed for mob control of trash-hauling business, cancels its next season; officials in West Hartford approve plan that would allow parents to mark cars of young drivers with yellow stickers so police could determine whether they are violating laws; photos (M)')('2006061', "Tammy La Gorce article on Portuguese and Brazilian provisions available at A & J Seabra's supermarket in Newark, NJ (S)")('2006061', 'Article on deluxe movie theaters owned by National Amusements that offer special amenities such as reserved seating in special auditoriums, live pianists in lobbies and full-service restaurants; photo (M)')('2006061', 'Ceremony is held at Sagamore Hill National Historic Site in Oyster Bay, NY, as cultural resources chief Amy Verone accepts pistol stolen in 1990 from FBI official Mark Mershon; pistol, believed to be one Theodore Roosevelt carried in his charge up Kettle Hill in Cuba as head of Rough Riders during Spanish-American War, reportedly was recovered in Florida; possible criminal prosecution is pending; photos (M)')('2006061', "Correction of June 11 article about Viele Map of New York City's underground waterways (S)")('2006061', 'Correction of May 21 article and headline about cultural works dealing with series of murders of women in Juarez, Mexico, since 1993')('2006061', "Circumstances of Pres Bush's second visit to Iraq could be seen as measure of progress for country; photo of Bush with Prime Min Nuri Kamal al-Maliki in Baghdad; brief sketches of several Iraqi political and religious leaders; graphs (M)")('2006061', 'Resistance from nearby residents continues over proposal by leaders of Sri Venkateswar Hindu temple in Bridgewater, NJ, to build larger cultural center; Zoning Board of Adjustment has already approved expansion of temple itself and construction of homes for priests, but cite increased traffic and potential for diminished property values in opposing new center; photo (M)')('2006061', 'Article on new kind of farm that is cropping up in exurban areas 50 to 100 miles outside New York City as niche, hobby and artisanal farming gains ground; strange and exotic breeds of livestock include llamas and alpacas, peacocks and heirloom chickens; small farms, preservationist in intent and capital-intensive in practice, often just break even and are rooted in love of animals rather than in making money or winning ribbons at agricultural fairs; photos (L)')('2006061', 'Janet H Keefer letter on June 11 article about possibility of woman president despairs at choices of celebrities quoted')('2006061', "Matt Bastian letter holds that while he sympathizes with Guantanamo Bay detainees who were truly in wrong place at wrong time, he had to read Mourad Benchellali's June 14 Op-Ed article with skeptical eye")('2006061', 'Correction of June 4 column on celebrity chefs')('2006061', "Sterling Memorial Library at Yale University opens exhibition that details life of Anne Morrow Lindbergh, aviator, author and wife of Charles Lindbergh, in letters, photos and books culled from university's archives; photos (M)")('2006061', 'Jason Fagone letter comments on Jay Jennings May 28 review of his book Horsemen of the Esophagus: Competitive Eating and the Big Fat American Dream0')('2006061', 'Resistance from nearby residents continues over proposal by leaders of Sri Venkateswar Hindu temple in Bridgewater, NJ, to build larger cultural center; Zoning Board of Adjustment has already approved expansion of temple itself and construction of homes for priests, but cite increased traffic and potential for diminished property values in opposing new center; photo (M)')('2006061', 'Photo of some of several thousand runners who participated in Summer Run Series at Jones Beach State Park')('2006061', 'New line of stationery cards are decorated with fun diagrams and come with wry captions; photo (S)')('2006061', 'James Schembari Generations essay on dilemma he faced when his teenage son disobeyed after-school curfew to be with his friend, whose father had just died of cancer; drawing (M)')('2006061', 'Photo of Baltimore Orioles win over New York Mets')('2006061', 'Chefs are often on the road today, taking their knives and other essential equipment with them; photos of gear kits of Ian Lai, Barbara Lynch, Jacky Pluton, Eitan Shapira, Michael Leviton and Eric Ripert (L)')('2006061', "Scott Seegert and Alan Dye Op-Art article on unusual Father's Day gifts (M)")('2006061', 'National Academy of Sciences committee chairman Lawrence T Papay and former Midwest Independent System Operator president Matthew C Cordaro letters on June 11 editorial on alternatives to Indian Point nuclear plant')('2006061', 'Article on names of suburban subdivisions, which often have little connection to where they are situated, their surroundings or what they have been named for; marketing and advertising managers for some subdivisions in New York metropolitan area comment on naming process; photos (M)')('2006061', "Road & Track magazine's list of best and worst results of new car stopping distances within last four years; chart (M)")('2006061', "David Gillmore letter comments on William Safire's June 4 comment on phrase 'fur ball'")('2006061', "Kevin Davitt letter disputes June 11 Op-Ed article that supported 'congestion pricing' on New Jersey's roads")('2006061', 'Correction of June 11 Op-Ed article about electricity deregulation; major hydroelectric plant in New York is in Massena, not Messina (S)')('2006061', "Op-Ed article by Susan Gordon explores question of why men revel in cooking outdoors; says she has decided to embrace her husband's culinary limitations (M)")('2006061', 'Benjamin Genocchio reviews exhibition of prints by South African illustrator William Kentridge at Jane Voorhees Zimmerli Art Museum; photos (M)')('2006061', "Letters respond to Road Back series; Annette M Ambeau notes that she lives 50 miles up-river from New Orleans and lost only tree to Hurricanes Katrina and Rita, but she feels guilty because so many suffered so much more; Holly Gordon and Craig Segall hold that it is heartening to read of extraordinary resilience of Gulf Coast's people; Max Gershenoff contends that Hoovervilles springing up on Gulf Coast are special disgrace to Bush administration; Ellen DeLuca notes that same 240-square-foot 'white rectangles' that are being used as temporary housing for Katrina victims were brought onto Pine Ridge Indian Reservation in South Dakota after several tornadoes in June 1999; drawing")('2006061', "Part 9 of Jaime Hernandez's comic strip La Maggie La Loca")('2006061', 'New York State Senate homeland security committee chairman Michael Balboni letter on June 4 editorial holds Long Island is much better prepared for major storm now than just last year')('2006061', "Jerry Frankel letter comments on Andrew Rice's June 4 article on man appealing deportation to Ethiopia, where he has been sentenced to life in prison for ordering several murders during that country's Red Terror of 1970s")('2006061', 'James Schembari Generations essay on dilemma he faced when his teenage son disobeyed after-school curfew to be with his friend, whose father had just died of cancer; drawing (M)')('2006061', 'Lorraine Shanley letter comments on June 11 article on celebrity commencement speakers; says Ellen DeGeneres provided comic relief at Tulane graduation but former Presidents Bill Clinton and George H W Bush were actual commencement speakers')('2006061', 'Article on new kind of farm that is cropping up in exurban areas 50 to 100 miles outside New York City as niche, hobby and artisanal farming gains ground; strange and exotic breeds of livestock include llamas and alpacas, peacocks and heirloom chickens; small farms, preservationist in intent and capital-intensive in practice, often just break even and are rooted in love of animals rather than in making money or winning ribbons at agricultural fairs; photos (L)')('2006061', 'Shampoo and spray conditioner designed for children and made of natural ingredients promises to scare away lice and ticks; photo (S)')('2006061', 'Charles McGrath Home Work column on annual ritual of preparing backyard swimming pool for summer; drawing (M)')('2006061', 'Correction of June 11 article about commercial development at Park West Village housing complex in Manhattan (S)')('2006061', 'Norman Charles letter contends that New York Yankees player Bernie Williams should not push his religious beliefs on his fans (S)1')('2006061', 'Editorial calls on New York State Legislature to approve bills that would improve state politics, help thwart crime, improve medicine and health and make life better for New Yorkers')('2006061', 'B A Boyle letter comments on June 4 article on children trying to land parts in television pilots; photo')('2006061', 'Bernard Holland reviews new CD of Mitsuko Uchida playing Beethoven piano sonatas Nos. 30-32; photo (M)')('2006061', "National Organization for Women awards Kathryn Ryan Booth this year's 'Women of Power and Influence' award; Booth is senior managing director at Bear Stearns Companies Inc and is in charge of 400-member global equity research department; photo (M)")('2006061', "Design of Anthony Baratta's new apartment in Manhattan in more subdued than those of his previous apartments; photos (M)")('2006061', 'Benjamin Genocchio reviews exhibit of Hudson River School masterworks on view at Wadsworth Atheneum in Hartford, Conn; photo (M)')('2006061', "McKesson Corporation reports it paid more than $150,000 in 'housing assistance payments' to three senior executives last year; executive vice president Paul C Julian received $85,000 worth of assistance in addition to his $2.3 million salary; finance chief Jeffrey C Campbell and McKesson Provider Technologies president Pamela J Pure, who both made over $1 million last year, received $40,000 and $31,752 respectively (M)")('2006061', 'Somerset Patriots and Bergen Cliff Hawks owner Steve Kalafer disputes May 28 editorial on plans for minor league ballpark in Bergen County, NJ')('2006061', 'Bill Cunningham On the Street photos of guests wearing rose-inspired clothing at annual benefit for Brooklyn Botanic Gardens')('2006061', "Latino Commission on AIDS president Dennis DeLeon letter on Peter Staley's June 4 Op-Ed article in support of testing newborns for HIV")('2006061', "Jonathan Boyarin and Elissa Sampson letter on Katharine Weber's June 4 article on Triangle Shirtwaist Factory fire")('2006061', 'Article on deluxe movie theaters owned by National Amusements that offer special amenities such as reserved seating in special auditoriums, live pianists in lobbies and full-service restaurants; photo (M)')('2006061', 'Susan B Hansen letter questions why June 11 article on prospect of woman becoming president was in Sunday Styles section (S)')('2006061', "Randy Walters letter comments on Wendy McClure's June 4 article on pall that Brian Eno's song Thursday Afternoon cast over a bar's happy hour")('2006061', "Jim Henson Company works with 4Kids Entertainment Inc to develop merchandise based on Jim Henson's pre-Muppet designs; Jim Henson Company co-chief executive Lisa Henson and 4Kids Entertainment chief executive Alfred R Kahn will introduce products at trade show at Jacob K Javitz Convention Center (M)")('2006061', "Loren Schoenberg letter on June 11 article says that John Wayne's iconic pose in final scene of The Searchers is nod to great Western star Harry Carey (S)")('2006061', 'Resistance from nearby residents continues over proposal by leaders of Sri Venkateswar Hindu temple in Bridgewater, NJ, to build larger cultural center; Zoning Board of Adjustment has already approved expansion of temple itself and construction of homes for priests, but cite increased traffic and potential for diminished property values in opposing new center; photo (M)')('2006061', 'Timothy Ferris letter expresses desire to see more reviews by David Orru')('2006061', 'Anita Gates reviews Schoolhouse Theater production of Alfred Uhry play The Last Night of Ballyhoo, directed by Pamela Moller Kareman; photo (M)')('2006061', 'The Week column; Department of Homeland Security expresses concern about coverage of new siren system that Entergy Nuclear Northeast is installing in Westchester, Rockland, Putnam and Orange Counties for its Indian Point nuclear power plant; says network will not provide complete coverage of 10-mile emergency zone surrounding two reactors; photo (S)')('2006061', 'Correction on June 11 Pulse column about swim shorts')('2006061', 'Article on new kind of farm that is cropping up in exurban areas 50 to 100 miles outside New York City as niche, hobby and artisanal farming gains ground; strange and exotic breeds of livestock include llamas and alpacas, peacocks and heirloom chickens; small farms, preservationist in intent and capital-intensive in practice, often just break even and are rooted in love of animals rather than in making money or winning ribbons at agricultural fairs; photos (L)')('2006061', 'Kevin Coyne Jersey column on plans for development of Hudson River waterfront in Bayonne, NJ, which has become political issue; new river walk has been built along edge of Constable Hook and Mayor Joseph Doria, who has won re-election, has championed ambitious redevelopment of abandoned Military Ocean Terminal, where cruise ships now dock; photo (M)')('2006061', 'Joseph J Grano Jr helps finance Jersey Boys musical, which wins best musical at Tony awards; is longtime executive on Wall Street who befriended Frankie Valli 30 years earlier; photo (M)')('2006061', 'James Woods letter responds to James Walling April 30 and6')('2006061', 'Coordinating Council of Cooperatives co-chairman Ed Yaker letter disputes June 4 article on rent war at Rochdale Village in Jamaica, Queens')('2006061', 'Sara Jasper Cook letter on June 4 article on concerns about possible noise from changing flight paths over Westchester County, NY')('2006061', 'Allstate Insurance Company rates safety of drivers in nearly 200 American cities; photo; chart (M)')('2006061', "Corey DuBrowa letter comments on Andrew Rice's June 4 article on man appealing deportation to Ethiopia, where he has been sentenced to life in prison for ordering several murders during that country's Red Terror of 1970s")('2006061', 'Resistance from nearby residents continues over proposal by leaders of Sri Venkateswar Hindu temple in Bridgewater, NJ, to build larger cultural center; Zoning Board of Adjustment has already approved expansion of temple itself and construction of homes for priests, but cite increased traffic and potential for diminished property values in opposing new center; photo (M)')('2006061', 'Robert Byrne Chess column on top Russian Vladimir Kramnik recovering his level of play; diagram (M)')('2006061', 'Charles McGrath Home Work column on annual ritual of preparing backyard swimming pool for summer; drawing (M)')('2006061', "Vassar College professor Mark C Amodio letter on June 11 article says movie director John Ford's themes stretch back to beginnings of Western culture itself (S)")('2006061', 'Article on local opposition to plans by Scott Jerutis of Kyle Properties to develop last piece of undisturbed land at Fishkill Supply Depot, military camp and storage yard used by Continental Army in Fishkill, NY, that might be site of Revolutionary War cemetery (M)')('2006061', 'Emily DeNitto reviews beers at Captain Lawrence Brewing Co in Pleasantville, NY (Quick Bite column) (M)')('2006061', "The Week column; New Jersey Gov Jon Corzine, in light of proposals by Sen Stephen Sweeney to cut salaries and benefits of state workers by 15 percent and salaries of state legislators by same amount, says he does not intend to call anyone back to bargaining table this year or cut anyone's pay; New Jersey judge orders National Animal Welfare Foundation, which collected $70,795 in canister donations for abused dogs and cats between 2002 and 2005, to shut down; bars Patrick Jemas from fund-raising and requires him to pay costs totaling $330,804 in settlement of fraud case (M)")('2006061', 'Mike Harper letter contends that Pittsburgh Steelers quarterback Ben Roethlisberger was likely hit by car while on his motorcycle because drivers have difficult time seeing cyclists (S)')('2006061', "Letter from Leonard Gianessi (CropLife Foundation) comments on June 4 article on Wal-Mart's move into organic foods")('2006061', "Op-Ed article by National Organization for Women's New York chapter president Sonia Ossorio calls on New York Assembly and Senate to reach agreement on bills that would eliminate statute of limitations on rape (M)")('2006061', 'Correction on June 11 article about chances of women being elected president of United States')('2006061', 'The Week column; County Executive Andrew Spano announces county will give $100,000 to Boys and Girls Club of Northern Westchester in order to prevent shutdown of its summer camp program for children of low-income families (S)')('2006061', "Joseph Berger County Lines column on reaction by Michael Sabatino Jr and Robert Voorheis, legally married gay couple living in Yonkers, to Westchester County Exec Andrew Spano's executive order recognizing gay marriages performed elsewhere; photo (M)")('2006061', "Clifford Silvers letter on Gail Collins' June 4 'A Letter From the Editor, which supported more financing for No Child Left Behind Act")('2006061', 'Ton')('2006061', 'Joan W Bennett letter about June 11 article on celebrity commencement speakers says Tulane graduation was poignant pageant')('2006061', "Anne Barrett letter on June 4 article about Frank Gehry's designs for Atlantic Yards project; says famous architects and designers have been forced to dumb down their designs for public institutions as well as for commercial interests")('2006061', "Damien Cave On Politics column on what may lie ahead for Newark Mayor-elect Cory Booker in light of clean sweep his candidates made in last week's Municipal Council runoff election; photo (M)")('2006061', 'Vintage concert T-shirts are being refashioned by fusing old favorites with super-soft jersey knit skirts; photo (S)')('2006061', 'Article on names of suburban subdivisions, which often have little connection to where they are situated, their surroundings or what they have been named for; marketing and advertising managers for some subdivisions in New York metropolitan area comment on naming process; photos (M)')('2006061', 'Charles McGrath Home Work column on annual ritual of preparing backyard swimming pool for summer; drawing (M)')('2006061', 'David A Harris letter on June 11 article on volunteers who monitor behavior of Metro-North Commuter Railroad riders')('2006061', "Yesterday, I mentioned that one of the big questions of modern evolutionary biology is: Why hasn't there been more evolution? Today, I want to look at this in detail. I'll start by putting it into perspective. For Darwin, a major worry was being able to persuade people that enough time had passed for the evolutionary [...]")('2006061', "Watching T&T means pandemonium throughout the 90 minutes at Singh's Roti Shop & Bar, in Richmond Hill, Queens. Imagine what'll happen if they score. (Photo: Rob Mackey) Tomorrow's final Group B matches will decide whether Sweden or Trinidad & Tobago will join England in advancing to the next round. Sweden will go through unless they [...]")('2006061', 'When Iran\'s game against Portugal was finished on Saturday, the TV reporter said, "Goodbye World Cup, Goodbye Branko" - it was a popular headline in the Iranian dailies the next day. Most of them were angry with Branko, not because of the Portugal game but because of the one they lost before it to Mexico. [...]')('2006061', 'A downtown restaurant, a recent night: a friend and I cut into the slices of flesh, brown at the edges and reddish in the middle, on a plate between us. The meat is tender. Juicy.')('2006061', 'A Boston real estate blog has spotted what could be the beginnings of a new trend. The Boston-area market was the first to peak, so, if its analysis is correct, there is a good chance that selling homes for below the assessed value is a trend. According to Counter Intelligence, nearly one in four single [...]')('2006061', 'In his spare time, former Mayor Edward Koch reviews movies and emails his picks and pans to friends. Rarely do they intersect with New York politics, however. Yet his praise today for Al Gore\'s new movie, "An Inconvenient Truth," stirs memories of how Mr. Koch was a crucial - and controversial - supporter of Mr. [...]')('2006061', "Fresh from announcing its industry-jolting joint venture agreement with Nokia, Germany's Siemens said Monday it is already deep into negotiating the sale of its enterprise networking business unit as well. The unit, which builds telecommunications systems for businesses, could be of interest to France's Alcatel or Avaya of the United States, or it might be [...]")('2006061', "After Nokiaand Siemens announced their $30 billion joint venture on Monday, an observer could have reasonably made the following logical leap: As telecommunications equipment makers pair off, Nortel Networks - as yet without a partner in the merger dance - looks like an increasingly likely acquisition target. Ergo, its stock should rise on Monday's news, [...]")('2006061', 'To obtain updates of Duncan Irving\'s commentary, hit "more." That\'s it from me. They\'re showing dominoes on espn2 now, so it\'s time to watch a real sport for a change. Thanks for your e-mails and comments. Jeff Z. Klein and Victor Mather will be along tomorrow to scrap over the Group A finale, and I\'ll [...]')('2006061', 'Attorney General Eliot Spitzer, a Democratic candidate for governor. (James Estrin/The New York Times) This result from the new Siena Poll has me stumped: What did Eliot Spitzer do, exactly, to make a favorable impression on so many undecided voters over the last 16 months? Do you have a favorable or unfavorable opinion about Eliot [...]')('2006061', 'I should not have been skeptical, but there really is software for home flippers. Hats off to Sonoma County Housing Blog for finding this gem. It\'s a product called "Flipper\'s Cash Flow Analysis" that is made by a certified public accountant who also created a financial program for landlords. He\'s selling it for $80. Enter [...]')('2006061', "The Housing Panic blog goes off on a Phoenix agent who can't quite get a convincing patter. The regular type is the broker, the italic typeface is the voice of Housing Panic. (However, Panic doesn't link to the original source of this dialog.) The media's hype that the real-estate market's bubble has burst is simply [...]")('2006061', 'Holding an open house? Ilyce Glink of Inman News (subscription needed) suggests you can garner more viewers in the morning or evening. She writes: Everyone is busy all the time, and if you have kids, weekends can be a tough time to look for a home. In some parts of the country, early-morning "breakfast" open [...]')('2006061', "Zillow.com, the favorite site of anyone wondering how expensive their cubicle-mates' homes are, has come up with another way to waste our time. It created a heat map that shows where property is most expensive. We took current Zestimates, divided by the finished square footage of homes and plotted on maps of Seattle and San [...]")('2006061', 'A dispute over a $5 million commission is hitting the courts in New Jersey, where a former chef for the hotel magnate Leona Helmsley says he is owned money for helping arrange the sale of a 16-acre parcel in Fort Lee, near the George Washington Bridge. The plan includes 762 homes, plus stores, offices and [...]')('2006061', "Hameer Ruparel found the remnants of a mezuzah on the doorpost of his East 25th Street apartment. He wasn't sure what it was, so I told him. And he told me about the Hindu shrine he added to his bedroom wall. It holds several gods and goddesses. At left, with a trident, is Lord Shiva, [...]")('2006061', "In the past year, shares of Goldman Sachs have jumped 41 percent and those of Lehman Brothers have risen 28 percent. Morgan Stanley's stock, meanwhile, is up only 9 percent. What gives? Reuters reports that while things have shaped up at Morgan Stanley in the year since John Mack took over from the ousted chief [...]")('2006061', "It has been a while since the last bidding war - one of DealBook's recent favorites involved the casino operator Aztar - but it seems that Morgan Stanley is doing its best to spark a new one. The securities firm said Monday said it had sent TransMontaigne a letter proposing to buy the petroleum-products marketer [...]")('2006061', 'The chemicals company Ashland said Monday it was considering a sale or spinoff of its paving and construction subsidiary and is in talks with a potential buyer. The company, which has a market capitalization of about $4.6 billion, has agreed to an exclusive negotiating period with Oldcastle Materials to discuss the sale of its Ashland [...]')('2006061', "I'm in China this week, and here I'm interviewing out-of-town peasants who come to Beijing to try to get help when the local authorities steal their land or deny them justice in other ways. Thousands of these petitioners are in Beijing at any one time, some camping out in the open. (Photo by Du Bin)")('2006061', 'Chris Owens is a candidate to fill the Congressional seat his father will vacate. (Ramin Talaie for The New York Times) So much of the attention in the Democratic primary in the 11th Congressional district has focused on David Yassky, the City Councilman from Park Slope who is the leading fund-raiser in the four-candidate primary [...]')('2006061', 'Readers respond to David Brooks\'s June 18 column, "Pessimism Without Panic." Don H. Doyle, Columbia, S.C.: Is the only question, Can we win in Iraq? Shouldn\'t we be asking whether we have a right to invade another country, to destroy its economy and infrastructure, to kill thousands of its civilians, to build our military bases, [...]')('2006061', 'Readers respond to Bob Herbert\'s June 19 column, "On the Killing Floor" Pam Grundy, South Bend, Ind.: I haven\'t been able to eat meat since I read your essay on the Smithfield plant. I never thought eating meat was wrong, but if this is the way it is brought to market, I don\'t want any [...]')('2006061', "Mario Gabelli, the well-known money manager and chairman of Gamco Investors, takes a contrarian view of the media business - that is, a positive one - in the current issue of Barron's. Interviewed as part of the newspaper's Mid-Year Roundtable, he says he likes Tribune and doesn't necessarily think the embattled newspaper publisher and television [...]")('2006061', 'Its stock has lost nearly half its value since its stock started trading last month. It faces a slew of shareholder lawsuits over its initial public offering. Yet the headaches are not over for Vonage. The Internet telephone company said Monday it faces a patent infringement suit from Verizon over its voice-over-Internet-protocol technology. According to [...]')('2006061', "South Korea's Board of Audit and Inspection on Monday cleared Dallas-based private equity firm Lone Star Funds of any wrongdoing in its 2003 acquisition of Korea Exchange Bank, which is still facing a separate investigation into the deal. However, the board said the deal process was not fair and transparent, and that it had not [...]")('2006061', 'Patriotic optimism was the only thing that kept Ghanaian fans upbeat about the chances of their national team, the Black Stars, to overcome the highly rated Czech Republic. From that first minute on Saturday, when they were leading the Czech 1-0, the celebrations had already begun back home. The last time some Ghanaians remembered celebrating [...]')('2006061', 'Readers respond to Paul Krugman\'s June 19 column, "Class War Politics" Ed Szewczyk, Granite City, Ill.: Congratulations for saying out loud that which is obvious, but always unstated in the mainstream media. Will Schroeder, upstate New York: I have a different take on the partisan divide between Democrats and Republicans. I have come to the [...]')('2006061', 'Click "more" to see play-by-play coverage of the match, LIVE as it happened, at the AOL Arena in Hamburg. Jeff Z. Klein describes the action. Post-game The Ukrainian players hold hands and walk over to the stands to take a group bow. They have every right to be happy. They have 3 points now, from [...]')('2006061', "Maybe Andrew Cuomo's personality makeover is working. In the latest Siena poll, he leading Jeanine Pirro by 54-28 percent. That's nearly double the lead of Mr. Cuomo had in the last poll, taken in January (That, of course, was long before he had secured the nomination from the state Democrats.) And, we should add, his [...]")('2006061', 'NetRatings "could be re-consolidated within Nielsen before long, at a nice premium to the present share price," columnist Michael Santoli writes in this week\'s edition of Barron\'s. The Web audience-measurement outfit, an offshoot of Nielsen Media, is 62 percent owned by VNU Media, which was recently acquired by a group of private equity investors. Mr. [...]')('2006061', 'Did former Virginia Gov. Mark Warner, who is expected to run for the Democratic presidential nomination in 2008 (if he isn\'t already running for it), "win" the YearlyKos convention? Garance Franke-Ruta, a senior editor at The American Prospect, says that Warner\'s performance at YearlyKos is being overstated. "Though Warner\'s speech, his standard stump, earned him [...]')('2006061', "Tribune Company said on Monday that it plans to sell a television station, WCWN-TV in Albany, N.Y., to closely held Freedom Communications Inc. for $17 million. WCWN will be an affiliate of the new CW network when it begins operating in the Fall. It will be Freedom's second station in the Albany market, where it [...]")('2006061', "President Bush with Mayor Bloomberg at J.F.K. Airport on June 19. (Charles Dharapak/Associated Press) During the whole week of the Republican National Convention, Mayor Bloomberg and President Bush managed to avoid shied away from being photographed together. But that wasn't the case today, as the mayor was out there greeting Bush at the foot of [...]")('2006061', 'An oil and gas producer, Stone Energy, said on Monday that a $1.4 billion takeover offer from Energy Partners was "superior" to its previous agreement to be bought by Plains Exploration & Production. The decision gives Plains Exploration until Friday to decide if it will make a counterbid. On Friday, Energy Partners made a formal [...]')('2006061', "Alberto-Culver said Monday it would split off its beauty-supply distribution business, Sally Beauty, with buyout firm Clayton Dubilier & Rice taking a 47.5 percent stake in the spun-off entity. The transaction comes a few months after Alberto-Culver's attempt to sell the unit to the Regis Corporation for $2.78 billion fell apart. Clayton Dubilier will pay [...]")('2006061', "It's the final week of Gov. George E. Pataki's final legislative session after 12 years in office. Party time! Mr. Pataki is freshly returned from presidential prospecting in Iowa, where he continues to draw favorable notices. The governor and three other 2008 hopefuls attended the Iowa Republican convention, yet it was Mr. Pataki who dominated [...]")('2006061', 'Robert Zoellick, the deputy secretary of state, said Monday he would resign his government position and join the Goldman Sachs Group.')('2006061', 'If we can\'t abolish the penny, can we at least wipe Abraham Lincoln from it? The Los Angeles Times editorial page wants the nation to stop minting new one-cent coins, but the newspaper says it would accept a second-best option: "[M]ost lawmakers are reluctant to tinker with the nation\'s currency. In the meantime, why not [...]')('2006061', "Nokia and Siemens early Monday announced the creation of a $30 billion joint venture, confirming reports early that day that a combination between the two telecommunications equipment giants was imminent. The deal between Nokia of Finland and Siemens of Germany accelerates the industry consolidation that was set off when United States-based Lucent Technologies and France's [...]")('2006061', "Follow Austin Kelley's live commentary on the Group-G match in Dortmund. Final Thoughts Switzerland played a solid match and earned all three points. A critical game with South Korea will take place on Friday in Hanover. The winner there will take the group, but a loss there might mean an exit (France can still advance). [...]")('2006061', 'An accused prostitution ringleader said a Time Warner chief financial officer was her "sugar daddy" in a relationship in which he had showered her with gifts, The New York Daily News reported. Andreia Schwartz, insisting she is not a prostitute, said yesterday her luxurious lifestyle was made possible by several "sugar daddies," and they were [...]')('2006061', "A federal judge has delayed sentencing for former chief executives of Enron, Ken Lay and Jeffrey Skilling, who were convicted last month of fraud and conspiracy in the company's collapse. In court documents filed late on Friday, Judge Sim Lake of United States District Court agreed to a motion by the defense teams to delay [...]")('2006061', 'What looked to be a contentious and protracted Chapter 11 case brought by a hedge fund and bank against a Virgin Islands communications goliath, Innovative Communications last February is about to vanish without a trace. The parties had been litigating for years before one of the creditors brought an involuntary Chapter 11 petition in Delaware, [...]')('2006061', "Mergers and acquisitions are booming, so why has Goldman Sachs recruited a prominent bankruptcy attorney to head its restructing practice? It may seem morbid, but the hiring of Kirkland & Ellis's James H. M. Sprayregen could indicate that the giant securities firm is preparing for a wave of corporate casualties, DealBook writes in its latest [...]")('2006061', 'Facing mounting problems over its inability to deliver the A380 superjumbo plane on time, Airbus appears set to request state aid for the development of a midsize jetliner in what some analysts described as a rescue package. A move toward development loans from governments for the midrange A350 jet would almost certainly worsen a bitter [...]')('2006061', 'Attorneys for two New York Stock Exchange traders told a jury yesterday that their millionaire clients would have made so little loot cheating investors on the Big Board floor that it would not have been worth the risk. The two traders, Michael Stern and Michael Hayward, both 30-year veterans of the exchange, were two of [...]')('2006061', 'Few shareholders ever cast a proxy vote themselves. Moreover, according to a recent poll of mutual fund investors, proxy voting policies ranked last among the 19 issues that people consider before making a purchase. But for institutional investors – pension funds, endowments, hedge funds and the like – corporate governance is an entirely different matter. [...]')('2006061', 'With the revelation Friday that Microsoft routinely priced workers\' stock options at the low for the month through much of the 1990\'s, investors now have a new worry: If one of the nation\'s biggest companies helped employees get a head start on profits, did other large firms follow suit? "The fact that they are involved [...]')('2006061', "Three junior Bank of China managers are accused of conspiring to embezzle at least $485 million from the bank's branch in Kaiping, a small city in the booming Pearl River Delta, before fleeing overseas. The scale of the Kaiping scandal highlights China's challenge in cleaning up a banking system riddled with corruption and mismanagement. Corruption [...]")('2006061', "A judge said he may reverse his approval of $538,744 in severance to ex-directors of Hollinger, Conrad Black's former holding company, because shareholders might not have had a say in the decision. Judge Colin Campbell of Ontario Superior Court approved the payments to the former chairman, Gordon Walker, and three other ex-directors in July. Go [...]")('2006061', "Feel a sudden urge to hug a chief executive? If so, BusinessWeek says it's a result of all the thoughtful gestures and warm words coming out of America's corporate suites. In the pageant of business, senior executives seem to be battling for the congeniality prize. Humility, authenticity, and responsive leadership are new buzzwords at the [...]")('2006061', "Home Depot, the world's largest home-improvement retailer, said some options awards for its executives were granted at below-market prices. The company said in a statement today that in five cases before December 2000, options were approved on dates later than the one used to determine the exercise price. In three of those cases, the price [...]")('2006061', "The Wallenbergs have been called the Rockefellers, Gettys and Rothschilds of Sweden. The royal family of Swedish business. Think of almost any large Swedish industrial company – Ericsson, ABB, Saab – and there is a Wallenberg behind it. Today, a scion of the banking dynasty heads the family's fund management arm, Investor, which is also [...]")('2006061', "Kohlberg Kravis Roberts acquired Australia's largest garbage collector and a mining services company from Brambles Industries for 1.83 billion Australian dollars ($1.3 billion), its biggest purchase in the Asia Pacific region. The two units had sales of 863 million Australian dollars last year, Melbourne-based Brambles said on Monday. Shares in Transpacific Industries Group, a rival [...]")('2006061', 'A month of global stock market weakness has created a whopping $1.7 trillion pileup of pending merger deals, a logjam that may be broken by a continuing wave of private equity loot in the market. "In the last month the guys have wriggled off the hook in a couple of deals I was on because [...]')('2006061', 'Taking a page from business, a San Francisco non-profit angling to grow has raised $1.5 million in a venture-style funding round. It plans to raise an additional $3 million in the next six months. YouthNoise, a social networking site for civic-minded young people, pursued the unusual funding model at the suggestion of its leading funds [...]')('2006061', 'Telecom networking equipment maker Reef Point Systems is expected to announce Monday the closing of a new $21 million round that will recapitalize the company. The Burlington, Mass.-based company tapped a new investor, American Capital Technology Group of Bethesda, Md., to lead the round, with an existing investor, Jerusalem Venture Partners, participating. Go to Article [...]')('2006061', 'Kineto Wireless has added $15 million in Series C debt and venture funding to tap into a growing market in Europe for software that enables a single device to bridge Internet and cellular networks. The round was entirely made up of inside investors, including Venrock Associates, Sutter Hill Ventures, 3i Technology Partners and Oak Investment [...]')('2006061', 'A group of wealthy tech industry notables including several former and current Qualcomm executives has begun an early stage venture capital firm in San Diego to seed local start-ups and grow up one day into a large institutional fund. The firm, Express Ventures, was founded in January, and counts about 50 members, according to the [...]')('2006061', "Companies listed on Canada's S&P/TSX Venture Exchange raised a record $1-billion during May, the highest level of financings ever completed during a single month, said Martin Gagel, an analyst with Canaccord Capital. Natural resource companies raised $988 million, a record, while listed diversified companies raised $145 million, the largest sum raised by that group since [...]")('2006061', "jA commercial landlord, Douglas Emmett of Santa Monica, Calif., filed papers Friday to become a publicly traded company, saying it intends to sell $1.1 billion in stock in what would be a record initial public offering for a real estate investment trust. It owns some of the region's most prized property, including a 21-story ocean [...]")('2006061', "MasterCard shares have been on a tear since its highly anticipated initial public offering late last month but legal concerns continue to hang over the company, an issue that could give investors a reason to proceed with caution. Earlier this month, a group of merchants challenged the legitimacy of the company's I.P.O. and are now [...]")('2006061', "It's business as usual in New York's banks and brokerages where a muted response to the World Cup has allowed companies to turn a blind eye to staff watching soccer matches at their desks or on trading floors. Financial services firms in Manhattan said interest was higher than during the 2002 World Cup, but still [...]")('2006061', "Last week's opening of Joseph Perella's boutique investment bank, Perella Weinberg Partners, has Bloomberg columnist Matthew Lynn wondering if the veteran dealmaker has picked the right time to make his much-heralded move. Mr. Lynn says that the present environment for a new, niche operation is simply scary, outlining four reasons why Perella Weinberg may get [...]")('2006061', "Santander Central Hispano, Spain's largest bank, expects 2006 profit to rise 13 percent to 7 billion euros ($8.85 billion) because of cost cuts in Britain and higher sales in Latin America, the chairman, Emilio Botin, said. The bank, the fourth-biggest in Europe, also expects to report profit before extraordinary items of 6.5 billion euros, Botin [...]")('2006061', 'Asian companies sold a record amount of new stock in the first five months of this year and paid the lowest fees ever as investment banks including the Goldman Sachs Group, Citigroup and UBS fought for new clients. Fees for underwriting Asian share sales are being squeezed by industry-wide competition. The average in the Asia-Pacific [...]')('2006061', "Goldman Sachs Group named Gary Cohn and Jon Winkelried as co-presidents, the giving newly appointed chief executive, Lloyd Blankfein, deputies with experience in trading and investment banking. Goldman, the world's biggest securities firm by market value, also appointed John S. Weinberg as a vice chairman. Mr. Cohn, 45, is one of Goldman's four heads of [...]")('2006061', 'A Swedish telecom operator, Tele2, has postponed its 1.3 billion euro ($1.7 billion) takeover of a Dutch fixed-line operator, Versatel Telecom International, it said Friday, further prolonging a saga spanning nine months. The companies said they are considering alternatives. Versatel, partly owned by a Dutch entrepreneur, John de Mol, already sold its German business to [...]')('2006061', "The revolt by Arcelor shareholders over the company's merger with the Russian steel group Severstal is spreading to core loyalists in Luxembourg, Belgium, and Spain. The Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, which holds a 5.6 percent stake in the pan-European steel giant and hosts its headquarters, has been eerily silent about the shotgun merger, rushed together [...]")('2006061', "Telecom Italia is considering purchasing AOL's Internet units in France and Germany, the chairman, Marco Tronchetti Provera, told journalists on Friday in Milan. AOL, a unit of the media conglomerate Time Warner, said on Wednesday it was reviewing options for its European operations, including a full or partial sale of its Internet access operations to [...]")('2006061', "A majority of Lexar Media shareholders on Friday approved the flash memory card maker's acquisition by Micron Technology in an all-stock deal valued at about $801 million. The approval clears the way for a merger that could strengthen the memory-chip maker Micron, as it gains Fremont-based Lexar's consumer products business and patent portfolio. Investors representing [...]")('2006061', "The utility company Suez has given France's wavering conservatives an ultimatum over its disputed plans to merge with Gaz de France, saying it would seek alternatives if it did not receive approval this summer. The warning issued Saturday by the chairman and chief executive, Gérard Mestrallet, is the clearest sign yet that the 72 billion [...]")('2006061', 'Back in 2000, when the Tribune Company absorbed The Los Angeles Times, Newsday, The Baltimore Sun and other Times Mirror properties in an eye-popping $8.3 billion deal, there was a premise and a promise. The premise was that these new Tribune markets could copy the "synergy" model that had worked so well in the corporate [...]')('2006061', 'A consortium led by Macquarie Bank of Australia is expected to offer nearly 2.7 billion pounds ($4.98 billion) for Associated British Ports in a move that would trump a 2.53 billion pound ($4.67 billion) bid from a Goldman Sachs consortium, The Times of London reported.')('2006061', 'New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg let slip that he may sell his financial information empire "in the next year or so," sparking another round of speculation. Mr. Bloomberg made the comments at a political fund-raiser in Connecticut in response to queries about whether he would consider running for president. While Mr. Bloomberg has made allusions [...]')('2006061', "The auction for Univision, which is expected to conclude Tuesday, has become focused in recent days on the potential regulatory hurdles that the two suitors who are dueling for control of the company may face, according to The New York Times. At issue is whether the two groups – one led by Grupo Televisa, Mexico's [...]")('2006061', 'The NYSE Group would consider creating a new London exchange to compete with the London Stock Exchange if its acquisition of Paris-based Euronext does not deliver the international share listings business it expects, the chief executive, John Thain, said in a Financial Times interview Monday. Alternatively, Mr. Thain said, it might consider acquiring the London [...]')('2006061', "Nokia of Finland and Siemens of Germany are expected to announce today that they will merge their telecommunication network equipment businesses in a deal valued at more than $30 billion, people involved in the transaction said last night. The cross-border deal, which was approved by the boards of both companies, would create the world's third-largest [...]")('2006061', "In some deals, the synergies are a bit too obvious. In this category might go Nestle's decision to pay about $600 million for Jenny Craig, a purchase that would put the maker of KitKat candy bars and a well-known weight-loss company under the same corporate ownership. In announcing the acquisition Monday morning, Nestle said in [...]")('2006061', 'In this lesson, students examine and defend various positions in the argument over a book ban in the Miami-Dade school system and then write a letter to the Miami-Dade school board expressing their opinion about the issues raised in the debate.')('2006061', "In case you haven't seen the evidence of Peter Crouch's flagrant, well, cheating as he scored England's first goal late in the 2-0 game against Trinidad and Tobago on Thursday, here it is, thanks to German television. And here too, though the ESPN announcers don't notice it and attribute T&T defender Brent Sancho's inability to [...]")('2006061', "The Sam's Army player ratings are in for Saturday's 1-1 draw between the U.S. and Italy, and they seem exaggeratedly favorable. Every single starter except for Eddie Pope played well above average? Even Pablo Mastroeni, whose two-footed tackle cost the Americans their man advantage before the first half was even over? Still, Sam's Army has [...]")('2006061', "Eric B Lipps letter deplores fact that Pentagon ever considered secret revision its interrogation manual to include 'classified' section authorizing torture (June 14)")('2006061', "Photo of Brazil's win over Australia in first round of World Cup2")('2006061', 'Six letters comment on June 5 article in DNA Age series regarding link between genes and undesirable behaviors; Peter Loffredo, psychotherpist, says it is combination of nature and nurture that drives behavior and tendencies; Montana Miller suggests that gene for risk-taking may be recessive; Theodore Oberman says determining propensity for specific behavior does not permit obviation of rights and responsibilities as human beings and citizens; Seymour Greenstein asks whether he may overcome his DNA-driven impulse to write letters to the editor; Jane Fraser of Stuttering Foundation comments on implications of research for stuttering; Sam Ehrlichman says he was raised to believe in power of genetics; drawing')('2006061', 'Photo of members of Vermont National Guard embracing loved ones upon return from tour in Iraq')('2006061', 'Nate Chinen reviews new CD by Keane; photo (M)')('2006061', 'Kelefa Sanneh reviews new CD by Nelly Furtado; photo (M)')('2006061', 'Sia Michel reviews new CD by Hot Chip (M)')('2006061', 'Dr Morton M Kligerman, early advocate for using radiation and other experimental methods for treating cancer, dies at age 88 (M)')('2006061', "Scott Mitchell Rosenberg, chairman of Platinum Studios, is holding contest for aspiring comic book writers; writers and artists can submit their work on Web site and top three will pitch their ideas on reality TV program Streetside San Diego; winner's work will have its premiere at 2007 comic book event; photo (S)")('2006061', 'Three letters on Congressional report that $1.4 billion in disaster aid that Federal Emergency Management Agency provided to victims of Hurricanes Katrina and Rita went to bogus or undeserving victims (June 14 article); Lee H Igel says fault lies less with FEMA than with people who do not care to abide by laws and agreements of civil society; Mark R Godburn says fraud was probably inevitable, given demands on FEMA to meet needs of all storm victims at warp speed; David Moorshead says FEMA was not defrauded, but rather allowed American taxpayer to be defrauded because it is dysfunctional and uncaring agency')('2006061', 'Photo of people trying to cope with heat while waiting for bus at Pennsylvania Station in Manhattan')('2006061', 'Miami Heat defeats Dallas Mavericks, 101-100, in overtime, to lead NBA finals, 3-2; photo (M)')('2006061', 'Animated film Cars passes $100 million milestone in its second week in release as it earns $31.1 million in weekend grosses and maintains No 1 spot at box office; photo (S)')('2006061', 'Top 10 moments from first 10 days of World Cup are discussed; chart; photos (M)')('2006061', 'USA Network wins ratings among cable TV networks for second week in June (S)')('2006061', 'Ben Ratliff reviews new CD by Six Organs of Admittance (M)')('2006061', 'Letter from Jack N Gerard of American Chemistry Council replies to June 14 editorial urging Congress to make chemical plants less vulnerable to terrorist attack; says Congress should not pass environmental bill masquerading as security bill')('2006062', "Yesterday, I claimed that a major reason large evolutionary changes often don't happen is that competition from the creatures around you stops you from changing. In other words, in environments that are already rich in different species, natural selection often prevents large changes. My piece of evidence for this was a claim that, when you [...]")('2006062', 'Affordable Montenegro will not be around much longer. Unlike Croatia, this country is small, and the future of its beautiful beaches and wild hills seems to include only luxury travelers. Back to Article')('2006062', 'Video: Watch the Spitzer Ad To underscore his new property tax plan, Eliot Spitzer has a new 30-second commercial that starts running tonight. Watch it here. THE SCRIPT Mr. Spitzer, the leading Democratic candidate for governor, speaks at an angle to the camera. "Property taxes are strangling our future. We can\'t bring New York back [...]')('2006062', 'Breaking days of silence over the fate of its its Printemps department-store chain, French retail and luxury-goods group PPR said Tuesday that it was in "exclusive talks" to sell the business for 1.075 billion euro ($1.35 billion). The would-be buyer is a partnership between Deutsche Bank\'s real estate investment arm and Italy\'s Borletti family, PPR [...]')('2006062', 'A month ago, Merrill Lynch executives suggested the firm was in the market for a mortgage lender. Now the securities firm says it is hunting for acquisitions and joint ventures overseas. Citing comments from Merrill Lynch vice chairman Robert McCann at a presentation on Tuesday, Bloomberg News reported that European private-client businesses - those that [...]')('2006062', 'Click "more" for play by play of the match, LIVE as it happened at the Fritz-Walter-Stadion in Kaiserslautern. Jeff Z. Klein describes the action. Postgame Congratulations to both teams. Even in this last game, T&T never gave up and played to the end. There\'s gonna be a great party in Port of Spain in a [...]')('2006062', "Peter Kalikow may be staying on at the MTA for a while longer. The Senate today approved his renomination to a new six-year term. That can't come as welcome news to Eliot Spitzer, who has been sharply critical of the MTA and has been cool to the notion of keeping Kalikow on as its chairman [...]")('2006062', 'For live updates of Duncan Irving\'s commentary of England-Sweden from Cologne, press "more" That\'s it from me. Thanks for the e-mails and comments. I\'ll be back tomorrow to bring you Portugal-Mexico at 10 a.m. eastern. Final thoughts: A mixed bag, this one, but much more entertaining that I feared it would be. The English lose [...]')('2006062', 'Technology deals and cross-border transactions are expected to make a strong showing in the back half of 2006, according to a recent poll of 1,200 deal-making professionals and corporate executives. The Association for Corporate Growth and Thomson Financial published the results of a survey, taken in May and June, of "investment bankers, private equity professionals, [...]')('2006062', "So call us softies, but it seemed pretty difficult not to smile at Willie Brodsky. Last month, her father, Assemblyman Richard Brodsky, announced that he was dropping out of the attorney general's race and donating his kidney to 14-year-old Willie. Today, Willie came to the capitol to thank legislators for their efforts to pass a [...]")('2006062', 'Discussing the value of pale rosés -- light, but not inconsequential.')('2006062', 'Bank of America has hired an investment banker from Citigroup for its financial institutions group. J. Kenneth McPhail will join Bank of America in July as head of North American depository institutions, the firm said. He will be a managing director based in New York. At Citigroup, Mr. McPhail had been head of North American [...]')('2006062', "Viewed over the long run, the recently announced joint venture between telecommunications giants Nokia and Siemens is winning praise from many observers. But two analysts on Tuesday cut their ratings on Nokia's stock, citing concerns about the short run. The good news first. A research note by analyst Susan Kalla of Caris & Company calls [...]")('2006062', "Savanna Energy Services, a Canadian oilfield-services company, agreed to buy Western Lakota Energy Services for 626.9 million Canadian dollars ($561.1 million) to add rigs that can drill for deeper oil and natural-gas deposits. Western Lakota's stockholders will receive 0.64 share of Savanna for each of their shares, the Calgary-based companies said on Tuesday. Savanna's shareholders [...]")('2006062', 'The New York Stock Exchange\'s head of regulation, Richard Ketchum, said Monday he was concerned about potentially improper short-selling practices surrounding stock offerings, Reuters reported. The issue relates to secondary offerings, rather than initial public offerings, where there is already traded stock to sell short. "We are seeing a lot of what appear to be [...]')('2006062', "Emmis Communications's board of directors said Monday it had brought in legal and financial counsel to advise the company on a management buyout offer. The broadcaster's chairman and chief executive, Jeffrey H. Smulyan, who is also Emmis' controlling shareholder, offered in May to buy the company's outstanding stock for $15.25 per share in cash. Indiana-based [...]")('2006062', 'Andrew Sullivan has dubbed the backlash against the blogosphere the "bloglash," and he says it "is now in full swing." (In February, the bloglash was merely "gaining traction.") Slate\'s John Dickerson predicted last week, "We are probably just under five months away from a wave of coverage positing that bloggers weren\'t that powerful after all." [...]')('2006062', 'There are 173 companies that offer online video services, according to Business 2.0 magazine. Of those, 85 host videos and allow users to share them. In April, three of them got $30 million in venture financing. There is bound to be a shakeout. "It\'s not possible that this many video-sharing sites can exist and make [...]')('2006062', 'As European governments make noises about imposing stiff regulations on hedge funds, the industry is talking more about regulating itself, according to Bill Barnhart, a columnist with the Chicago Tribune. "Reining in such a profitable enterprise won\'t be easy," Mr. Barnhart wrote, "unless a hedge fund implodes and takes a major financial institution down with [...]')('2006062', 'As part of what it called its "ongoing efforts to enhance shareowner value," Rockwell Automation said Monday it had hired Sagent Advisors to sell its Dodge mechanical and Reliance Electric motors and motor-repair services businesses. The operations on the block make motors to power conveyor belts and the bearings and gears to transmit mechanical power. [...]')('2006062', 'The Senate Democrats have offered an amendment designed to move the ball forward on Iraq and clarify their position on this contentious issue. Hillary Clinton is an original co-sponsor of the legislation, and according to Congressional sources familiar with the process, she played an active behind-the-scenes role in crafting it. The amendment is an extension [...]')('2006062', 'Jeannine Pirro at the Republican state convention in June. (James Estrin/The New York Times) Now that she has the Conservative Party endorsement firmly in hand, Jeanine F. Pirro is tacking back to the center. Ms. Pirro, the Republican-Conservative nominee for state attorney general, will march with members of the Log Cabin Republicans at the gay [...]')('2006062', "The Federal Communications Commission has approved the merger of Intelsat and PanAmSat Holding, removing one of the final hurdles to the deal, which will create the world's largest satellite operator. The two companies, which announced their $3.2 billion merger in August 2005, said Tuesday they expect to complete the transaction on July 3. Privately owned [...]")('2006062', "The private equity firm Texas Pacific Group is prepared to finance a bid for AOL Germany by the Internet service provider freenet, a newspaper reported. Citing German daily Handelsblatt, Reuters reported that Time Warner is considering a sale of its AOL Internet business in Europe, and Germany's freenet has its eye on AOL's German unit. [...]")('2006062', 'There may be trouble ahead in the private equity business, according to some European leaders of the industry. Thanks to the "permissive environment," recent deals have included record levels of debt, Ronald Cohen, founder of Apax Founders, tells The Financial Times. A correction is coming, according to Jon Moulton, head of Alchemy. Hedge funds and [...]')('2006062', "Follow Germany-Ecuador with Victor Mather here. Final That's the whistle. The Germans looked very strong in dismantling Ecuador today. With home field, they are a big threat to go deep in this Cup. I'll be back tomorrow for Iran-Angola. And stay tuned in a few hours for another double shot of soccer: Sweden-England and Paraguay-Trinidad. [...]")('2006062', "The outgoing Goldman Sachs chief executive Hank Paulson last week got a subpoena from Richard Grasso's legal team to testify in his civil trial, according to CNBC's Charles Gasparino. Eliot Spitzer, the New York attorney general, wants Mr. Grasso to return about $100 million of the $140 million in compensation he received before being booted [...]")('2006062', "Fidelity International is to split its 6 billion pound Special Situations Fund into one fund focusing on UK stocks, and another called the Global Special Situations Fund. Anthony Bolton, who has managed the $12 billion Special Situations Fund for the past 27 years, is ceding part of Europe's second-largest fund to Jorma Korhonen, two people [...]")('2006062', 'Click "more" for play-by-play of the match, LIVE as it happened at the Niedersachsenstadion in Hanover. Jeff Z. Klein describes the action. Postgame wrap-up Nice game by these two teams. They can be proud of themselves today. The comments from both of my readers today have been wonderful - thanks! The free T-shirts ... right. [...]')('2006062', "Surely there's no tighter twosome in Washington than Chuck Schumer and Hillary Rodham Clinton. Surely. So perhaps today's new Siena poll, asking which of them is more effective as a senator from New York, will pass unnoticed in their offices. Perhaps. Mr. Schumer won, 44% to 22%. Another 22% said that both were equally effective. [...]")('2006062', "Otis Spunkmeyer Holdings, which sells frozen cookie dough and other baked goods, filed a preliminary prospectus to raise as much as $230 million in an initial public offering. The company is controlled by affiliates of private equity firm Code Hennessy & Simmons. Merrill Lynch and J.P. Morgan Chase are serving as underwriters. The company's prospectus [...]")('2006062', "Sinopec, the Chinese oil company, has signed an agreement to buy a mid-sized oil unit, Udmurtneft, from the Russian oil company, TNK-BP, marking China's first foray into Russian oil. TNK-BP, which is half owned by BP Plc of Britain, announced the deal, but did not disclose the price. It has previously said it was seeking [...]")('2006062', 'Noting that "more than 500 prominent economists, including five Nobel laureates" have signed an open letter to President Bush and Congress stating that "immigration has been a net gain for American citizens," [$] the Wall Street Journal editorial page observes, "It is possible that no other issue in the economic field, with the exception of [...]')('2006062', "The media group Tribune said late Monday that it had secured commitments for a total of $2.25 billion in loans to provide funds for a proposed repurchase of the company's shares. The agreements, which include a $750 million revolving facility and a $1.5 billion term loan, come from a group including Citigroup, Merrill Lynch and [...]")('2006062', 'Three former natural gas energy traders pleaded guilty to price manipulation charges Monday, authorities said. The three, Christopher Joseph McDonald, Paul Atha, both traders for Mirant and Michael Whalen, a trader for Cinergy, entered their pleas in San Francisco federal court. They acknowledged conspiring to report fictitious trades to an industry newsletter, Inside FERC, from [...]')('2006062', 'The head of Japan\'s central bank apologized Tuesday for an investment scandal that triggered calls for his resignation and said the bank had set up a committee to review investment rules for its officials. The banker, Toshihiko Fukui, also said he wanted to serve out the rest of his term through March 2008. "I am [...]')('2006062', "Conrad Black's $20 million bail bond should be modified or revoked, federal prosecutors said, claiming the former Hollinger International chairman had not been honest about the value of assets securing his freedom. Lord Black overstated the value of a Palm Beach, Fla., home he pledged for bail, the prosecutors said in a court filing and [...]")('2006062', "The Apollo Group, a for-profit education company whose schools include the University of Phoenix, said yesterday that it had received a subpoena from the United States attorney's office for the Southern District of New York, related to stock option grants. Apollo Group, which is based in Phoenix, said it would cooperate with the request. Last [...]")('2006062', "The Supreme Court agreed to consider a bid by Michigan to regulate Wachovia's mortgage-lending business in a case that may open banks to new oversight across the country. The court said yesterday that it would hear Michigan's appeal to decide whether states can apply their lending rules to subsidiaries of Wachovia and other so-called national [...]")('2006062', "A Federal Reserve governor, Mark W. Olson, was named yesterday as the chairman of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board, which regulates accounting firms and has come under fire from companies complaining that the costs of regulation have grown too high. Mr. Olson's appointment, which gives him the job until 2010, came nearly nine months [...]")('2006062', 'Telecom and media mergers would have an easier time winning government approval under legislation unveiled Monday by staffers for Senate Commerce Committee Chairman Ted Stevens. The proposed changes would be included in a broader communications bill his committee is expected to approve Thursday. One of his merger-related provisions is sure to raise opposition from city [...]')('2006062', 'Executives at the European Aeronautic Defense and Space Company held an emergency meeting Monday to discuss their stumbling Airbus subsidiary, as an investigation about a stock sale by one of them continued. Although controversy has recently surrounded Noël Forgeard, the French co-chief executive of EADS, executives said the meeting centered on technical and management problems [...]')('2006062', 'A Boston buyout shop, Heritage Partners, is selling the vacuum and commercial cleaning products maker Castle Rock Industries to Alfred Kärcher, a German cleaning products company, LBO Wire reported. The deal is expected to close in the next few days. Alfred Kärcher, which already has operations in the United States through its commercial and consumer [...]')('2006062', 'Brambles is drawing up the final list of potential buyers for its British waste-management business after selling its Australian operations to the private equity firm Kohlberg Kravis Roberts for 702 million pounds ($1.29 billion). The buyout firms BC Partners and PAI Partners, along with the waste management group Sita, are thought to be among the [...]')('2006062', "JH Partners said Monday it closed its second institutional fund, totaling $350 million. The nation's five largest educational endowments, including that of Stanford University, participated in the private equity firm's first fund and have committed to larger investments in the second round. The other participating endowments include Harvard University, Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Princeton University, [...]")('2006062', "NeoPhotonics, an optical networking component supplier, accepted a $50 million Series 3 round and picked up two venture-backed optical component start-ups, LightConnect and OpTun, for a combination of cash and stock. New investor International Finance led NeoPhotonics' round. Other new investors were Needham Capital Partners, DuPont Capital, Shanghai Industrial Holdings and Mitsubishi Capital. They were [...]")('2006062', "Vaperma has raised $6.2 million to build the first demonstration units of its filtration technology, which is designed to reduce the processing costs of ethanol production. A multi-national group of investors including Switzerland-based SAM Private Equity and Canadian investors BDC Capital and Fonds d'Investissement en Developpement Durable put up the capital for the Series A [...]")('2006062', 'A wave of cellphone start-ups, hoping to attract users to television, music and other premium services, are floundering as they fight over a thin slice of the U.S. market, according to a report from The Wall Street Journal. About 30 wireless operators and hundreds of related wireless technology firms have been launched in the past [...]')('2006062', 'Greentown China Holdings became the fourth Chinese property developer in short succession on Monday to seek a public listing when it started pre-marketing of a share offer of between $300 million and $400 million. Just a few weeks ago, the developer was said to be hoping to raise at least $500 million ahead of its [...]')('2006062', "China's largest homegrown maker of wind-power generators, Goldwind Science and Technology, is pursuing a listing in the United States to bankroll an expansion aimed at driving an eight-fold increase in sales to 4 billion yuan ($500 million) by 2008. Goldwind, based in the remote northwestern region of Xinjiang, said it is in talks with Morgan [...]")('2006062', 'Intelsat, the satellite provider to the United States military, cut the size of its planned sale of junk bonds on Tuesday by $600 million, to $2.9 billion, in a reflection of waning investor demand for high-yield, high-risk debt. The biggest portion of the Intelsat sale was $1.33 billion of 10-year senior notes that yield 11.25 [...]')('2006062', "Lloyds TSB, Britain's fifth largest bank, said it had agreed with its pension scheme trustees to provide funds for its 1.5 billion pound ($2.8 billion) actuarial deficit over the next six years. The bank will also make extra voluntary contributions and expects the larger accounting deficit to be fully eliminated within 10 years. In its [...]")('2006062', 'The Supreme Court has asked the Office of the Solicitor General to weigh in on an antitrust class action suit that threatens the widespread reliance on syndicates to underwrite initial public offerings. The request indicates that the justices seek a unified federal position on a case that has split two key government agencies. The Solicitor [...]')('2006062', 'Sandy Weill, the former high-flying Citigroup chairman who was renowned for his love of private jets, has pledged to give away his estimated $1.4 billion personal fortune as part of a "deal with God." Weill, 73, who rose from humble origins in Brooklyn to become one of the most successful executives of his era, says [...]')('2006062', "The times they are a changin' at Goldman Sachs. The deputy secretary of state, Robert B. Zoellick, said Monday that he would be leaving his post as the State Department's second in command, as expected, to join the Wall Street investment house as a managing director. During an interview with The New York Times on [...]")('2006062', 'Publicly traded EMC has acquired the venture-backed ProActivity Software Solutions in another deal that signals consolidation in the market for business process management software. ProActivity, based in Newton, Mass., sells content management software for business process management. The company, which raised about $17 million over four rounds of funding, is backed by Israeli venture capital [...]')('2006062', "Aegon, the Dutch-listed insurance group rumored to be interested in Prudential, has agreed to buy a 49 percent stake in a Mexican insurer. Aegon, which owns the Scottish Equitable brand, said it had agreed to the deal with Seguros Argos, Mexico's seventh-biggest life insurer, for an undisclosed sum. Go to Article from The Telegraph »")('2006062', 'The King County Journal and nine other local newspapers have been put up for sale because their publisher said it lacks the resources to help them flourish. The family-owned Horvitz Newspapers, of Kent, Wash., said Monday that it would sell the newspapers making up its King County Journal Newspapers subsidiary but will retain two others, [...]')('2006062', 'General Electric agreed on Tuesday to pay $390 million to buy a Swedish life sciences company that makes machines used in biomedical and drug discovery. G.E. said it bid 3.22 billion kronor ($438 million), or 330 kronor a share, for the company, Biacore International. Go to Article from MarketWatch » Go to Article from Reuters [...]')('2006062', "Federated Department Stores is planning to end a financing agreement used to pay for its $17 billion acquisition of May last August, and will resume its stock repurchase program. The bridge financing, in the initial amount of $5 billion, was to mature on Aug. 29. But after Federated's sale of department stores, credit card portfolios [...]")('2006062', 'A magazine publisher, Emap is to return 285 million pounds ($524 million) to shareholders after agreeing on Tuesday to sell its French business to an Italian media group, Mondadori. Emap secured the 550 million euro ($690 million) cash deal a week after entering into exclusive talks with the Italian group, which is controlled by the [...]')('2006062', 'In a sign that American deal makers see more Canadian takeovers coming, a United States investment bank, Greenhill, rolled north on Monday by snapping up Toronto-based Beaufort Partners, an advisory firm run by veterans of Morgan Stanley and the Goldman Sachs Group. The Greenhill purchase is part of a larger trend in which corporate finance [...]')('2006062', 'The European Commission began an in-depth inquiry into the French government\'s plan to merge Suez and Gaz de France, giving regulators four months to scrutinize the controversial deal. The combined companies would raise major antitrust concerns in Belgium\'s gas and electricity markets and in France\'s natural gas sector, the European Commission said Monday. "I must [...]')('2006062', 'Mediaset, the broadcaster owned by the former Italian prime minister Silvio Berlusconi, said it was interested in buying Big Brother production company Endemol. Endemol, a Dutch company owned by Telefonica of Spain has said it is considering offloading the production house. Reuters reported last week that a Dutch media mogul, John de Mol, might team [...]')('2006062', 'Deutsche Börse made some structural changes yesterday to its proposed bid to merge with Euronext, but fell short of analysts\' expectations of sweetened financial terms. Deutsche Börse, however, said it might consider raising its bid for Euronext as a "final option" to secure a merger with Euronext, and to thwart a rival bid from the [...]')('2006062', "Roman Abramovich, Russia's richest person, has agreed to buy about 41 percent of Evraz Group, Russia's largest steelmaker by volume, from its two biggest shareholders, in a deal estimated to be worth $3.2 billion. Mr. Abramovich will acquire the stake through investment boutique Millhouse. Because Mr. Abramovich, an ally of President Vladimir V. Putin, has [...]")('2006062', 'The Steelmaker Arcelor has been summoned to appear before a Luxembourg court on Thursday as part of a lawsuit filed by a French shareholder defense group, ADAM, which seeks to postpone the June 30 general meeting on the planned merger with Severstal, and change the voting procedures. ADAM claims that Arcelor has not respected the [...]')('2006062', "The Hong Kong phone company PCCW said Tuesday it had received a bid for its telecommunications and media assets, with newspapers reporting that the potential buyer, Australia's Macquarie Bank, has put up 40 billion Hong Kong dollars ($5.2 billion) for the possible deal. PCCW, controlled by Richard Li, the younger son of tycoon Li Ka-shing, [...]")('2006062', 'A federal judge sentenced a former stock picker, Anthony Elgindy, to 11 years and 3 months in prison for using inside information to make short sales and extort money from companies he had criticized in an online newsletter. Mr. Elgindy, 38, was convicted last year in federal court on 11 counts of racketeering conspiracy, securities [...]')('2006062', "The private equity firm Carlyle Group has raised nearly $2 billion for buyouts in Japan and is set to close the fund shortly, underscoring investors' growing appetite for the asset class, industry sources told Reuters on Tuesday. This would be the biggest buyout fund ever destined for investment in the country, topping a $1.2 billion [...]")('2006062', "Nortel Networks and Motorola. Nortel and Huawei. Motorola and Huawei. Juniper Networks and Nortel. The possible permutations are many, but the main idea is the same. Monday's announcement of a vast telecommunications joint venture between Nokia of Finland and Siemens of Germany puts enormous pressure on the rest of the sector to pair up. Nortel [...]")('2006062', "The dismal performance of Vonage's initial public offering could make it seem as if 2006 has been a lousy year for new stocks. But there have been some winners. Many will remember the sizzling debut of Chipotle Mexican Grill, the McDonald's spinoff that went public at $22 per share in late January and recently closed [...]")('2006062', "Tomorrow's final group C match between Holland and Argentina is in some ways meaningless, since both teams, having won twice, have already survived the Group of Death and are through to the round of 16. Perhaps the only slight advantage at stake is that the winner of the group would almost certainly not cross Brazil's [...]")('2006062', "In this lesson, students examine various parasites and the diseases they can cause and carry. Individually, students create children's stories depicting fictionalized accounts of the parasites they researched in class.")('2006062', "Good morning, soccer fans! Starting today, Tuesday, and continuing through Friday, we will experience along with you the World Cup's Four Days of Constant Peril, the unspeakable climax of group play. On each one of these days, two pairs of simultaneous matches will be played - and we'll narrate the action for you in every [...]")('2006062', 'Sen Hillary Rodham Clinton begins fund-raising appearances on behalf of fellow Democrats in state races around country; efforts will no doubt help her forge alliances that could prove valuable if she decides to enter 2008 presidential election (M)')('2006062', 'Q & A column discusses why children have healthy glow to their skin; drawing (M)')('2006062', 'Dr Christopher R Kagay of Harvard University leads study on mammogram frequency; research, which is published in American Journal of Preventive Medicine, finds that women over 65 are less likely to get mammograms every two years as suggested; drawing (S)')('2006062', 'Three letters comment on June 16 Thomas Friedman Op-Ed column proposing gasoline tax as centerpiece for third-party platform in 2008 presidential election; Sheldon Jones calls for creation of agency to explore alternative-energy sources with worldwide participation; Daniel and Felice Perlmutter says third party would split vote for Democratic candidate; Michael Hadjiargyrou contends typical American voter is deeply entrenched in two-party system, making it difficult to vote for third party')('2006062', 'Alessandra Stanley reviews The Dark Side, documentary about Dick Cheney on PBS program Frontline; photo (M)')('2006062', 'Three letters comment on June 17 John Tierney Op-Ed column suggesting economic incentive for motorcyclists to use helmets, prompted by serious accident of Pittsburgh Steelers Ben Roethlisberger; Robert M Levine says there will always be people who will make bad decisions, which is why public policy regulations are made; Bernard Lowe says team paying high salaries to players should have right to forbid them to participate in dangerous activities; Bob Heaslip suggests those who ride without helmets be considered organ donors')('2006062', "Michiko Kakutani reviews book The One Percent Doctrine: Deep Inside America's Pursuit of Its Enemies Since 9/11 by Ron Suskind; photos (M)")('2006062', 'Photo of Webster M Smith, United States Coast Guard Academy cadet being court-martialed on charges that include rape')('2006062', "Photo of Carolina Hurricanes's Stanley Cup win over Edmonton Oilers")('2006062', 'Prof William O Beeman letter cites importance of unerstanding Iranian cultural interaction before negotiating can be successful (June 13 Warren Christopher Op-Ed article)')('2006062', 'Photo of sculpture by Dale Chihuly being installed at New York Botanical Garden')('2006062', 'David Shulman letter blames excessive tax and regulatory burdens for flight of young adults from upstate New York (June 13 article)')('2006062', "Mayor Michael R Bloomberg signs law requiring Administration for Children's Services to regularly report to City Council; also signs measure establishing trust fund for city workers' health benefits and bill easing requirement that Department of Correction use alternative fuels in its buses (S)")('2006062', "Six letters comment on Iraq; Paul Schoenbaum, responding to June 18 editorial, calls for deadline to be set for troops to leave; H Michael Sarkisian says path to free and democratic Iraq is difficult, but holds that things are moving forward; James K Knowles, prompted by June 17 article, dismisses Republicans' assertion that war in Iraq is central to war on terror; Peter R Obermark, responding to June 18 David Brooks Op-Ed column, says Iraq will be remembered as one of great foreign policy miscalculations; Eliot Katz, also responding to Brooks, asserts war is unnecesary and immoral and calls for end with as little loss of additional life as possible; Stephen Reinhold, responding to June 18 Frank Rich Op-Ed column, calls Democratic opposition to war dismal and pathetic; drawing")('2006062', "Photo of Spain's win over Tunisia in first round of World Cupt")('2006062', 'Fourteen letters on June 13 article about breast-feeding infants; many cite need for changes in American culture, workplace and health care to enable mothers to give babies advantages of breast milk; some hold that article was demeaning to mothers who for variety of reasons cannot breast-feed; photo')('2006062', 'British researcher Dr Bipen Patel leads study on smoking and skin; research, which is published online in journal Thorax, finds that heavily wrinkled smokers are five times as likely to have chronic obstructive pulmonary disease as smokers with fewer wrinkles (S)')('2006062', 'NBC orders seventh season of Donald Trump reality show The Apprentice (S)')('2006062', '*ABC wins ratings for Sunday night with broadcast of Game 5 of NBA finals (S)')('2006062', 'Home Depot is putting on a push for its new interior and exterior paints. Now, your home can match your team! Sports fans, we are told, overwhelmingly wish to dress and decorate in their team colors. So Home Depot now offers nearly 600 colors representing more than 170 sports teams. The colors are mixed to [...]')('2006062', 'Rhode Island is facing a threat to its four-year-old program for historic tax credits, "one of the most generous in the country," according to the Providence Journal. "The tax credit, up to 30 percent of the total value of the project, is estimated to cost the state $84.6 million this fiscal year and up to [...]')('2006062', 'How are open houses doing in north central Illinois? They get mixed reviews from brokers there, as reported in an article by Tammie Sloup in the local paper, the Times of Ottawa and Streator. Nancy Getson of First Real Estate Professionals in Marseilles says open houses turn into unproductive "coffee clutches," drawing unqualified buyers and [...]')('2006062', 'Yes, we love lists - lists of the best cities, the priciest ZIP codes, the hottest retirement areas. This month, Domino magazine, always fun to read and look at, gives us another list - the top places to shop for home stuff. There are three cities that rate: Palm Beach, Fla., for its antiques; Portland, [...]')('2006062', "Zillow.com has a special section of famous houses from TV shows seen from a bird's-eye view. You can click to find their current value. The Bradys' archetypal 1970's house is only $1 million. Must be because of the orange counters in the kitchen. Jed Clampett's house is $24.8 million. The Zillow.com blog had a little [...]")('2006062', 'Here\'s something new on my reading list: Mortgage News Daily, where endless mortgage reports are tempered with general home-buying advice. A piece on picking a real-estate agent advises introspection: "Will you be a high maintenance customer?" And how about a 50-year mortgage? They\'re available in Southern California. For those who can\'t get enough of the [...]')('2006062', "The Vancouver Housing Market Blog has a pithy little comment on Why It Is Good to Be a Bear. Prices go up – see, I told you it's a bubble. Prices go down – see, I told you it's a bubble. A case in point is here. – DAMON DARLIN")('2006062', 'The appendices to the Harvard University Joint Center for Housing studies report that came out last week contains a spreadsheet showing the recent history of market declines. (See chart W-4.) House prices do drop, of course. In markets that experienced that phenomenon between 1980 and 2004, the average decline was 13 percent. The report says: [...]')('2006062', 'A sex offender living in you neighborhood depresses home prices by about 4 percent, according to a National Bureau of Economic Research working paper called "There Goes the Neighborhood? Estimates of the Impact of Crime Risk on Property Values From Megan\'s Law." (Tip of the hat to the Freakonomics blog for drawing it to my [...]')('2006062', 'Here\'s another attempt to explain when and why it is better to rent than to buy. (Repeat after me: it isn\'t always better to buy than to rent.) InvestorGeeks says that "for every $100 you spend in rent a month, you\'d be better off buying up to $12,500 in property instead." Buying a home should [...]')('2006062', "The fastest-growing city in America is Elk Grove, Calif., according to the U.S. Census Bureau. It's near Sacramento and has all of 112,338 people, the Census said. A few other findings: Phoenix had the largest population increase of any city between 2004 and 2005. San Antonio; Fort Worth, Texas; North Las Vegas, Nev.; and Gilbert, [...]")('2006062', "The University of California-Los Angeles's Anderson Report, an often cited and usually correct economic forecast for California, says the worst is over. (Some say the Anderson report is off.) According to a report in the Los Angeles Times today: The UCLA Anderson Forecast said in its latest quarterly outlook to be released today that home [...]")('2006062', 'A new report from Global Insights and National City show where homes are most overvalued. As if you needed to ask. Naples, FL Salinas, CA Port St. Lucie-Fort Pierce, FL Merced, CA Bend, OR Stockton, CA Punta Gorda, FL Santa Barbara, CA Madera, CA Riverside-San Bernardino, CA – DAMON DARLIN')('2006062', 'One of the things I enjoy about studying evolution is that it allows us to make powerful predictions about the natural world. This is because evolution often follows predictable paths. Today I want to talk about one of the most predictable phenomena of all: the evolution of loss or, as it was once called, degeneration. [...]')('2006062', 'John Spencer, a Republican seeking to challenge Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton this fall, described how he would differ from Mrs. Clinton during an appearance on Kevin McCullough\'s talk radio show yesterday. (Audio) Mr. Spencer: "There\'s too much vitriolic politics and attacking, back-biting politics, personal attacks and things like that, so I think I would lift [...]')('2006062', 'Delving into the often difficult world of catch-as-catch-can eating.')('2006062', 'So the New York Working Families Party just announced that the so-called Wal-Mart bill, which would place strict health insurance requirements on large businesses, is dead in the state Legislature this year. The party was counting on help from a past ally, Senator Nick Spano, a Republican from Westchester. The party endorsed him in his [...]')('2006062', 'First Al Gore snubbed his running mate in 2000, Joe Lieberman, and endorsed another presidential candidate in \'04 - Howard Dean. Now, it appears, Mr. Gore won\'t use his newly robust political clout to endorse Senator Lieberman, his so-called "close friend," in this summer\'s tight Democratic primary in Connecticut. Seems Al doesn\'t like to get [...]')('2006062', 'Konfused Kid, a blogger and college student in Baghdad, talks about the death of four of his friends in a roadside bomb.')('2006062', 'Diego Maradona is a lot like Argentina: unstable. But the national team is playing on solid ground.')('2006062', 'Senator Clinton with a group of female Democratic senators at a press event on June 21. (Stefan Zaklin/EPA - Corbis) Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton sharply ratcheted up her criticism of the Iraq war management today, accusing Republicans of playing politics - with an eye toward the 2006 midterms - during the current debate over troop [...]')('2006062', "State Senator Carl Andrews is seeking to demonstrate that, with all the attention recently given to David Yassky's campaign to succeed Major R. Owens in Congress, Mr. Andrews himself has widespread \xad and well known - support. His old boss, Attorney General Eliot Spitzer, will endorse Mr. Andrews tomorrow morning on the steps of City [...]")('2006062', "John Mack got a financial pat on the back from investors on Wednesday, as better-than-expected financial results sent shares of Morgan Stanley up as much as 5 percent. The quarterly figures showed Morgan Stanley's net income more than doubling to $1.96 billion in the second quarter as revenue hit record levels. The results came as [...]")('2006062', "Read Austin Kelley's live commentary about the group-C match. FINAL THOUGHTS The Elephants love to go down 2-0. They did it in every match. And in every match they came charging back. This time it worked. Aided by the red card and two penalties, the Ivorians sent Serbia & Montenegro home without a point. The [...]")('2006062', 'Click "more" for play-by-play of the match, LIVE as it happened at the Waldstadion in Frankfurt. Jeff Z. Klein describes the action. Post-game Well, got your comments up. Steve from Bay Ridge, I did indeed spare no expense in covering this game. I rented a tux, for instance. And I bought a whole new apartment. [...]')('2006062', "Underneath the searing mid-day sun outside Shelly Silver's Manhattan office, a passing cement truck driver honked his horn and gave a thumbs up to Tom Suozzi-proving that some people do know the Nassau County Executive. Suozzi used Silver's office as the backdrop to highlight what he said is Spitzer's inability to elicit government reform despite [...]")('2006062', "There are victories that taste like defeat, and defeats that taste like victory. Mexico's 2-1 loss to Portugal today tastes like defeat. Our team played badly. They failed to score a penalty, they were imprecise, nervous, even foolish. In spite of all that, we made it, barely, (in part, thanks to Iran) to the next [...]")('2006062', "The markets' recent volatility does not seem to be keeping hedge fund heavyweights from paying enormous sums for New York City real estate. The New York Observer reports that Glenn Dubin, a co-founder and managing partner of $8-billion-plus hedge fund Highbridge Capital Management, has signed a contract to buy Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis' former apartment on [...]")('2006062', 'Is Madison Dearborn betting on bad times to come? Corporate Financing Week reports that the Chicago-based private equity firm is bidding for AlixPartners, a turnaround advisory firm whose bankrupt clients have included Kmart, Worldcom and Parmalat USA. The newsletter, from the publisher of Institutional Investor magazine, did not name its source for the report, and [...]')('2006062', 'Readers respond to Thomas L. Friedman\'s June 21 column, "Latin America\'s Choice" Hannah Sivak, Gilbert, Ariz.: Just a short comment. Argentina also stunts development by not letting anything in or out. Being a researcher in Argentina means waiting for months to get a chemical you need and paying three times as much as you would [...]')('2006062', 'Despite Nassau County Executive Thomas R. Suozzi\'s claim of being a reformer, outsider and foe of special interests, critics say his own record smacks of "pay to play" political fundraising. A new study says that Suozzi has taken $210,760 in campaign donations from 85 firms that his administration hired to work for the county, awarding [...]')('2006062', 'Far from being vultures who do not care what gets destroyed in their single-minded pursuit of profits, private equity firms, rather, see their role as "empowering business leaders as they seek to make change," wrote Marek Gumienny, managing director of Candover, in what amounted to an industry apologia published Tuesday by the Web site of [...]')('2006062', 'In this lesson, students will examine news stories that that have come under public scrutiny for inconsistencies that reveal truths not originally reported. They then explore how the truth relates to historical accuracy by writing reaction papers.')('2006062', "When it comes to energy company Mirant, it seems Pirate Capital can't stop dispensing advice. In a letter to Mirant's board of directors filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on Wednesday, the activist hedge fund, which owns a 1.6 percent stake in Mirant, called for the company to implement a share buyback program and [...]")('2006062', 'Tom Suozzi is taking his show on the road, again, with a noon press conference at the Manhattan office of Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver. Mr. Suozzi will probably tick off a long list of complaints about the legislature - heck, he already said Mr. Silver should get the boot. But it makes us ask: What [...]')('2006062', "It took third place last year, but Goldman Sachs Asset Management has jumped to the top of the heap in Alpha magazine's latest Hedge Fund 100 list, which ranks funds by assets. A tidy $21 billion under management was enough to put Goldman Sachs' hedge fund arm in the No. 1 spot. D.E. Shaw moved [...]")('2006062', 'Henry Schein, a supplier of dental and medical products, said on Wednesday it would acquire three companies from the closely held Darby Group Companies for about $51.5 million in cash. Go to Article from Reuters » Go to News Release from Henry Schein »')('2006062', 'The Dutch telecoms group KPN will merge its international wholesale voice business with iBasis and pay $55 million for a majority stake in the combined company, the two companies said on Wednesday. KPN will pay paying Burlington, Mass,.-based iBasis to get a 51 percent stake in the company formed from the combination of KPN Global [...]')('2006062', "Shares in takeover target Arcelor were suspended on Wednesday while directors of the steel group held a board meeting in Luxembourg, pending a statement from the company. French regulators asked the company, fighting off a 22.7 billion euro bid from Mittal Steel and wanting to merge with Russia's Severstal, to clarify the state of its [...]")('2006062', 'Cowen Group, which is being spun off from France\'s Societe Generale, has revealed that it is the latest investment bank to try "unbundling," TheStreet.com reported. Unbundling involves the decoupling of research and trading services, which have historically been sold together - an arrangement that has recently drawn criticism over potential conflicts of interest. In an [...]')('2006062', 'After serving in the House of Representatives for four years from 2001 to 2005 but losing a close Senate race in 2004 to Tom Coburn, Oklahoma lawyer Brad Carson may have suspended his political career, but he\'s turning into an impressive pundit. (The New Republic\'s Jason Zengerle says Carson has "a bit of Bulworth about [...]')('2006062', 'An oil refiner, Delek US Holdings, said on Wednesday it had agreed to acquire the refining assets and marketing business of the Pride Companies of Abilene, Tex., and its affiliates for about $54.4 million in cash. The acquisition is expected to expand its wholesale distribution of refined petroleum products in West Texas and enhance refinery [...]')('2006062', 'Young theocon Ross Douthat, an associate editor at The Atlantic, writes in the Wall Street Journal that Barack Obama should run for the Democratic presidential nomination in 2008 [$]: "For the moment, he\'s part Clinton, part Roosevelt, part JFK and MLK; but in eight or 12 or 16 years, he might be John Kerry." Dallas [...]')('2006062', 'Sanpaolo IMI has appointed Citigroup as its adviser to study possible alliances, the Italian bank\'s director general, Pietro Modiano, said on Wednesday. Asked on the sidelines of a bank association meeting about a report in Il Messaggero newspaper that the bank had been brought in as an adviser, Modiano said: "Yes, it\'s all true." "We [...]')('2006062', 'The Federal Communications Commission will try again on Wednesday to revamp media ownership restrictions and possibly clear the way for more consolidation in the industry. Reuters reports that the F.C.C. on Wednesday is expected to ask for public comment on what its five commissioners should do with current restrictions that bar a company from owning [...]')('2006062', "France's Areva Group has held talks to acquire Candu, the commercial reactor business of Canada's federally owned Atomic Energy Canada, according to a report in the Toronto Star. The state-owned Areva is the world's largest nuclear company. Go to Article from The Toronto Star »")('2006062', 'A group of financial-services companies including Goldman Sachs have agreed to invest a total of $20 million for a minority stake in CHX Holdings, which operates the Chicago Stock Exchange, CHX said Wednesday. The investors also include Bank of America, Bear Stearns and E*Trade Financial. The size of the stakes were not disclosed, but CHX [...]')('2006062', 'Follow Angola-Iran with Victor Mather here. Final A draw was the fairest result, as Iran did play much better in the second half. Angola winds up third in the group with two points, ahead of Iran with one. Portugal and Mexico advance, but they will both have challenging second round matches, facing either Argentina or [...]')('2006062', 'For live updates of Duncan Irving\'s coverage of Mexico-Portugal from Gelsenkirchen, click "more" That\'s it from me. Thanks for your e-mails and comments. Rob Mackey and JZK will be along this afternoon to cover the Group D finale. I\'ll be back in the morning to bring you the biggest US game in history since the [...]')('2006062', "Which of New York's possible Republican presidential candidates is the bigger crime fighter - former mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani or Gov. George E. Pataki? Whenever Mr. Giuliani hits the campaign trail (to stump for others, of course), he proudly points to the decline in crime in New York City in the 1990s, and the steps [...]")('2006062', "Here's something to bookmark: the brackets and schedule for the knockout stage, here on FIFA's Web site, now starting to be filled in as the groups conclude. After a fairly predictable last set of games yesterday, are there any surprises in store for us today? While everyone's talking about the Argentina vs. Holland exhibition match [...]")('2006062', "My review of Lexar's PowerToGo software, which lets you install Windows programs onto a flash drive, prompted many responses from readers.")('2006062', "Morgan Stanley said its net income more than doubled in the fiscal second quarter, as the securities firm completed its first full year under the leadership of chief executive John Mack. The company's net income in the three months ended May 31 was $1.96 billion, compared with $928 million a year earlier. Income was up [...]")('2006062', "General Motors extended a $5.6 billion credit line set to expire in 2008 after agreeing to put up collateral to protect the lenders from nonpayment. Standard & Poor's cut GM's debt rating to B- from B because the use of collateral to secure the loan means bondholders would recover less of their investment should the [...]")('2006062', "There are more millionaires in the world than people in New York City, but they're increasingly likely to live in Seoul, Mumbai or Dubai rather than the Big Apple, according to a new survey of the planet's rich. The ranks of the world's millionaires swelled by 6.5 per cent in 2005 to a record 8.7 [...]")('2006062', 'Media conglomerate Time Warner said Tuesday it was looking into whether company funds were used by its chief financial officer for gifts he allegedly gave an accused prostitution ringleader. Andrea Schwartz, accused of operating a high-priced sex for hire business out of a million-dollar New York apartment, told two New York tabloid newspapers last week [...]')('2006062', 'Renewed hopes that British magazines and books retailer WH Smith could be a takeover target led to heavy volumes in the shares which rose 12.75 pence to 460.75 pence a share. Usually, not even 1 million shares change hands each day but yesterday volumes soared to 5.2 million. Dealers suggested that it could be attractive [...]')('2006062', 'Former Enron President Jeffrey Skilling has asked a judge to overturn a jury\'s verdict that found him guilty of 19 counts in the collapse of the energy company. "In short, the evidence presented at trial was legally insufficient as to every element of every count in dispute," says the motion, filed Tuesday in U.S. District [...]')('2006062', 'The New York Stock Exchange, which has already sued 23 specialists for illegal floor trading, is investigating improper activities by other market makers between 1999 and 2003. "We are continuing our investigations," NYSE regulatory chief Richard Ketchum said yesterday. "We are still looking at abuses during that time frame." Go to Article from The New [...]')('2006062', 'Dutch group Philips Electronics said on Wednesday it will float or sell its semiconductors business by the end of the year, keeping only a minority stake. Philips, which announced in December that it would separate its semiconductors division and that it would give itself nine months to sound out opportunities, said it had now decided [...]')('2006062', 'Microsoft said Martin Taylor, a vice president appointed in March to revamp marketing for the MSN Web sites and Windows Live services, has left the company. "We\'ve made the difficult decision to part ways with Martin Taylor but we don\'t comment on personnel matters," the company said in an e-mailed statement that didn\'t disclose the [...]')('2006062', "A company controlled by Maurice R. Greenberg, the former chairman and chief executive of the American International Group, sued A.I.G. yesterday, seeking access to documents it said might show mishandling of a $1.64 billion legal settlement. Mr. Greenberg's company, the Starr International Company, asked a judge to order A.I.G. to hand over all records and [...]")('2006062', 'Upping the ante in a potential bidding war for Onyx Software, rebuffed suitor CDC on Tuesday said it would offer up to $96 million for the customer relationship software maker. Bellevue, Wash.-based Onyx two weeks ago agreed to a $92 million going-private transaction from venture capital firm Battery Ventures and buyout shop Thoma Cressey Equity [...]')('2006062', "Privately held pipeline company SemGroup on Tuesday bowed out of a protracted bidding war for oil products marketer TransMontaigne, leaving Morgan Stanley's offer valuing the company at $634 million as the last one standing. SemGroup and Morgan Stanley, which is trying to build its profitable commodities business, have been in a bidding war for TransMontaigne [...]")('2006062', 'MicroMed Cardiovascular said this week it recently raised $15.4 million, and that it plans to add 12 people to its staff of 30 in the next six months. "This is the largest amount of financing we\'ve ever brought in" at one time, C.E.O. Travis Baugh said. In its 10-year history, the maker of the DeBakey [...]')('2006062', 'The latest company in the ethanol fuel scramble debuted in a makeover yesterday with a hefty 14 percent price jump - but until last spring it had been just a Zen pottery commune in the Rocky Mountains. Xethanol began trading on the American Stock Exchange after nearly four years in penny-stock obscurity as Zen Pottery [...]')('2006062', "SK Telecom, South Korea's largest mobile-phone operator, plans to buy as much as $1 billion of bonds convertible into a 6.7 percent stake in China Unicom to tap the world's biggest wireless market by subscribers. The bonds will be convertible into as many as 899.7 million China Unicom shares, SK Telecom said today in a [...]")('2006062', 'Citigroup was approached by more than 30 banks last month, three times the number it was seeking, as it lined up lenders to finance Kohlberg Kravis Roberts\'s first leveraged buyout in India. "Every bank is trying to chip in on these deals to tap the high returns and growth potential of the buyout industry," says [...]')('2006062', "It's hard to imagine Goldman Sachs or Merrill Lynch investing in a company that grows marijuana or scalps concert tickets. Yet the two firms, along with such houses as Morgan Stanley, J.P. Morgan and Fidelity, have invested hundreds of millions of dollars in shares of online casinos, even though those companies may be breaking United [...]")('2006062', "The Korea Exchange Bank has sold a 5.2 percent stake in Hyundai Engineering and Construction in a block trade. The deal precedes the sale of a majority stake by the company's creditors that could be started as early as this week. Hyundai Engineering's nine creditors, of which the Korea bank is the main one, is [...]")('2006062', 'After a spate of consolidations in the customer relationship management sector in which both Siebel and PeopleSoft were snapped up by Oracle, there will be no letup in merger activity, according to analysts at Gartner. "The CRM market will continue its consolidation unabated," the analysts said in their latest research note, and listed 12 acquisitions [...]')('2006062', 'Barneys and Isetan are winding down a long and sometimes anguished relationship. Isetan, a major Japanese department store retailer based here, will sell its 100 percent stake in the three-unit Barneys Japan chain to Sumitomo and Tokio Marine Capital. By the middle of July, Sumitomo will acquire 50.1 percent and TMCAP will receive 49.1 percent. [...]')('2006062', "Petro-Canada is extending its $113 million hostile bid for Canada Southern Petroleum until July 5 but hasn't increased the price, even in the face of a friendly $146-million bid by Canadian Oil Sands Trust. Petrocan did not say why it did not offer more but has said it feels its offer is fair. The Petrocan [...]")('2006062', "In an effort to bolster its presence in the online multiplayer video game business, Electronics Arts said after Tuesday's closing bell that it had agreed to acquire Mythic Entertainment for an undisclosed sum. EA, which is the market-share leader among independent video game publishers for games on consoles, handheld and wireless devices, will form EA [...]")('2006062', "As Macquarie Bank confirmed it has held talks to buy assets of Richard Li's PCCW, Hong Kong's biggest phone company, a report that another suitor may emerge from the woodwork heightened the possibility of a bidding war. PCCW stock was suspended after a report that the buyout firm Newbridge Capital of the United States might [...]")('2006062', "Within hours of the announcement that a joint venture of BP in Russia would sell several oil fields to Sinopec of China, Rosneft, the Russian state-controlled energy company, said it would exercise an option to buy 51 percent of Sinopec's newly acquired assets, leaving the Chinese with a minority stake. As a result, a majority [...]")('2006062', 'Following reports Tuesday that Pfizer and Schering-Plough were mulling bids for Sepacro, industry analysts said the two drug giants could easily snap up the smaller drugmaker, but said risks to its two products would limit any potential gains. Big drugmakers, feeling growing increasing pressure to bolster their pipelines and drug portfolios, could be on the [...]')('2006062', "It seems that Deutsche Borse can't please anyone. Even as Euronext, a stock exchange operator with origins in Paris, rebuffed Deutsche Borse's latest offer as still not good enough, outraged German politicians and employee representatives said Tuesday that Deutsche Borse, operator of the Frankfurt stock exchange, was giving too much away to try to please [...]")('2006062', 'After rebuffing a revised offer from Deutsche Borse, Euronext moved on plans to make a buy of its own. But its German rival may try to spoil the party. Euronext said on Wednesday it was about to start more in-depth talks with Italy\'s Borsa Italiana. "Talks between Euronext and Borsa Italiana continue and we will [...]')('2006062', 'The Russian billionaire Aleksei Mordashov changed the terms Tuesday under which he would buy a big stake in the European steel giant Arcelor, in an effort to salvage a deal that is facing increasing opposition from shareholders. Mr. Mordashov said he was now planning to lower the size of the stake he aimed to acquire [...]')('2006062', 'The crisis at EADS, the majority-owner of Airbus, deepened yesterday when the French government indicated over the heads of its German partner it wanted to seize more control of the pan-European aerospace and defence group. As French socialist deputies stormed out of the national assembly in Paris during a debate on the mounting problems at [...]')('2006062', "Deutsche Bank, Germany's biggest bank, agreed to buy Berliner Bank for 680.5 million euros ($856.2 million) to gain more customers in a home market dominated by state-owned lenders. The acquisition probably will become effective at the end of the year, Bankgesellschaft Berlin, Berliner Bank's parent, said in a statement to the Frankfurt exchange today. Go [...]")('2006062', "The auction of Univision, the nation's largest Spanish-language media company, was sent into disarray last night as two bidders, including a consortium of investors led by the Mexican television giant Grupo Televisa - the group tipped to win the contest - missed the deadline to submit an offer. Televisa let the deadline lapse in part [...]")('2006062', 'Once again, the social-networking Web site Facebook is drawing gasps and snorts for its supposedly bubbly valuation. The site, founded in 2004 by a Harvard student, has grown to include millions of users - mostly in college and high school - and has become a sort of proxy for the renewed excitement about certain kinds [...]')('2006062', 'The two blogs that I started behind the Great Firewall of China seem to have been taken down. In my Tuesday column I wrote about how easily I had started them and used them to post counterrevolutionary comments. As soon as I posted the links, the two blogs got lots of traffic and began to [...]')('2006062', "If you find yourself in Mogadishu sometime over the next couple of weeks and want to watch the World Cup while you're there, you'd be well advised to pick your spots. Some of the Islamist militias that recently wrested control of the city from other Somalian warlords aren't particularly fond of the world's most popular [...]")('2006062', 'The Barcelona daily Sport illustrates graphically, and perhaps a tad cruelly, the contrast between the Ronaldinho who plays for Barcelona and the Ronaldinho who plays for Brazil, here.')('2006062', 'Depaz introduces syrup made of freshly pressed sugar cane juice diluted with filtered water that can be substituted for simple syrup; photo (S)')('2006062', 'Pairings column offers recipe for crab canapes to accompany prosecco (M)')('2006062', "Public Theater is mounting widespread collaboration with more than 600 theaters nationwide to present Suzan-Lori Parks play cycle 365 Days/365 Plays; each theater will put on week's worth of plays and at end of each month, theaters will be invited to put on free performance of their share of cycle at Public Theater; photo (S)")('2006062', 'Wild shrimp from Gulf of Mexico are available in several New York markets (S)')('2006062', 'Miami Heat defeats Dallas Mavericks, 95-92, to win NBA championship in 6 games; photos (M)y')('2006062', 'Statistics Canada, citing higher gas prices, says inflation rate rose to 2.8 percent in May from 2.4 percent month earlier; core inflation rate rose to 2 percent from 1.6 percent (S)')('2006062', "Vicki Riba Koestler letter, prompted by June 20 article on revival of dance festivals in New York City schools, remembers dancing in city schools in 1950's and 60's")('2006062', 'Winners of New York Times contest for summer cocktail of 2006 noted; recipes; photo (M)')('2006062', 'Barbarini Alimentari is one of several new food stores and cafes opening along Front Street in former Fulton Fish Market area; photo (S)')('2006062', "Photo of New York Mets's win over Cincinnati Reds")('2006062', "Impressionist and Modern artworks sell for total of $163.6 million at Sotheby's, highest amount for any auction held in London; star of auction is portrait painted by Amedeo Modigliani in 1919, which sold for $30 million; photo (S)")('2006062', 'NBA fines Dallas Mavericks owner Mark Cuban $250,000 for several acts of misconduct (S)3')('2006062', 'Senate Budget Committee Chairman Judd Gregg letter disagrees with June 18 editorial that pay-as-you-go budgets are answer to federal deficits')('2006062', "Fox wins ratings for Monday night with reality show Hell's Kitchen (S)")('2006062', 'New York City Mayor Michael R Bloomberg announces creation of South Bronx Initiative, group of officials from seven city agencies charged with developing vision for future of area; Deputy Mayor Daniel L Doctoroff will head group (S)')('2006062', 'Mark Bittman column offers recipe for fried hominy or posole, new bar snack (M)')('2006062', 'National spirit of Brazil, cachaca, may be familiar to Americans in drink called caipirinha; as drink becomes more popular, new brands of cachaca are springing up; recipes for other drinks using cachaca; photos (M)')('2006062', "Seven letters comment on Marianne J Legato June 17 Op-Ed article on gender-specific medicine for men; C J Kingsley says unease in health care for both sexes results from lack of social equality; Miles Groth says men and boys are more susceptible to illness because they are reluctant to seek health care; Sumita Pahwa says it is girls who have less resistance to diseases than boys; Cinzia Padovani says she found support in Legato's detailed account of men's biological vulnerability; Thomas J Licata says health care industry may cater to women over men because women purchase more health services over longer period of time; Frank L Hill says greatest threat to men's health is war; Dimitra Arlys says neither gender is stronger or weaker, that they are equal; drawing")('2006062', 'Elite Naturel juices from Turkey come in bright colors and variety of fruit flavors; photos (S)')('2006062', 'BBC cancels weekly music program Top of the Pops after 42 years; photo (S)')('2006062', 'Chef Ana Sortun offers recipes for Persian fried chicken and condiment to accompany it; photos (M)')('2006062', "Five letters comment on June 17 editorial and June 18 article about Israel and Hamas; Cesar Chelala says Hamas must meet demands to stop violence but Israel must also; Ari M Berman says Palestinians and Israeli military engage in different kinds of violence; Frederick W Nairn says 'playing field' is tilted powerfully against Palestinians; Jerrold P Katz asks how Palestinians get enough money to support military activities; Yaacov Lerner wants Palestinians to force their government to seek peace")('2006062', "Judith Warner questions the wisdom of bullying mothers into breast-feeding their babies - and vilifying those who don't.")('2006062', 'Are modern humans - with their easy, comfortable lives - still subject to natural selection?')('2006062', 'After Country got a three-star review, prices went up.')('2006062', 'First impressions of the restaurant Centovini.')('2006062', 'Who will watch and savor web video? Virginia Heffernan will.')('2006062', 'In his latest round of interviews with the press, the New York Stock Exchange chief executive, John Thain, said that nothing would deter him from scooping up the pan-European market Euronext. "We have a great deal of financial flexibility with $650 million in cash and no debt," Thain told La Tribune of France Thursday when [...]')('2006062', "Wachovia said Thursday it would sell its mortgage servicing unit to Barclays for $469 million. Barclays' acquisition of the division, HomeEq Servicing, will strengthen its mortgage securitization business in the United States. HomEq collects mortgage payments from sub-prime borrowers who usually have spotty credit histories. Mortgage servicing tends to perform best when interest rates are [...]")('2006062', "Sumner Redstone's financial dealings with Midway Games have left many onlookers baffled.")('2006062', 'Some thought Google might buy Chinese rival Baidu.com. It has done just the opposite.')('2006062', 'Play-by-play of the Group F finale between Australia and Croatia, LIVE as it happens at the Gottlieb-Daimler-Stadion in Stuttgart. Jeff Z. Klein describes the action.')('2006062', "Follow Brazil-Japan with Victor Mather here. Final Brazil completes a sweep of its group, scoring 7 and giving up just the one goal today. They haven't been tested by a very strong team, of course, but it's hard to expect them to play much better than they have. Next up for Brazil will be Ghana, [...]")('2006062', "Just two days before Morgan Stanley's announcement on Wednesday that quarterly profits had more than doubled, Reuters published a somewhat dour article explaining that it will probably take some time before the Wall Street giant can right itself. It still may. A few good quarters do not a recovery make. But the mood surrounding Morgan [...]")('2006062', "The debate on the Securities and Exchange Commission's investigation of a liberal blogger.")('2006062', 'In this lesson, students share opinions and information about safety issues and concerns on social networking Web sites. They then develop public service announcements designed to inform their peers and guardians.')('2006062', 'Federated Department Stores has agreed to sell its Lord & Taylor business to real estate investors for nearly $1.2 billion in cash. The proposed buyer of the 48-store chain is NRDC Equity Partners, a partnership between Apollo Real Estate Advisors and National Realty & Development. Though Lord & Taylor has lost much of its cachet [...]')('2006062', 'A former ambassador and deputy national security adviser under President Bush was hired on behalf of a Dubai state-owned firm to lobby the committee that approves foreign investments in the United States, PoliticalMoneyLine reported Thursday. Robert Blackwill, now president of the lobbying firm Barbour Griffith & Rogers, registered on behalf of Dubai International Capital as [...]')('2006062', 'The Securities and Exchange Commission may take action against several hedge funds for giving preferential treatment to certain investors, according to two recent reports. At issue are so-called "side letters," or agreements with particular investors that include terms not given to other investors. Up to half of all hedge funds offer such side agreements, according [...]')('2006062', "Like a dipsomaniac at an open bar, Wine.com has gone back for yet more venture financing. This time it has collected $12 million from Baker Capital, it said in a press release on Thursday. That means the online wine merchant, which launched in the 1990's, has now collected at least $200 million in venture capital [...]")('2006062', 'Asked by Larry King whether she would like to see Al Gore to run for President again, Hillary Clinton proved a master last night at changing the subject (courtesy of The Note.) "Here we go. You\'re good, Larry . . . All roads lead to one question. I have a question for you. When the [...]')('2006062', 'Readers respond to Frank Rich\'s June 18 column, "Karl Rove Beats the Democrats Again" Darryl Cox, West Chester, Penn.: One of the many pleasures I derive from reading your columns is that, despite your clear opposition to the madness being foisted on our country by this current gang of back-room schemers and power-trip dreamers in [...]')('2006062', 'Readers respond to Bob Herbert\'s June 22 column, "America in 2026" John Holt, San Francisco: I enjoyed your insightful column on John Edwards. Wow! He wrote his own speech! That old-fashioned concept rings true with me; it suggests someone who thinks for himself and can translate that into words. Thanks for the column. Jean Tobias, [...]')('2006062', 'Readers respond to David Brooks\'s June 22 column, "Our World Cup Edge." Bruce Picken, Nara, Japan and Dundas, Ontario, Canada: How many of the U.S. World Cup team actually graduated from university? And of those who did, how many actually had legitimate degrees, and not some trumped-up B.A. of leisure activities? Joe Maggio, Brooklyn, N.Y.: [...]')('2006062', 'I was reminded again last night about how often people stand in the way of technology.')('2006062', 'Randall Balmer, an evangelical Christian and a professor of religious history at Barnard College, contacted "several prominent religious right organizations" and asked for their positions on torture. In an excerpt from his forthcoming book "Thy Kingdom Come: How the Religious Right Distorts the Faith and Threatens America," Balmer writes in the Chronicle of Higher Education: [...]')('2006062', 'The group geek-blog BoingBoing links to a YouTube video of a Comcast technician who fell asleep on a customer\'s couch while trying to activate his cable modem. The Washington Post editorial page supports closing the U.S. prison at Guantanamo Bay, but the newspaper also objects that the single-minded campaign to close Gitmo is "more than [...]')('2006062', 'Which telecommunications equipment makers will be the next to hook up? Alcatel and Lucent Technologies have agreed to merge. Nokia and Siemens are forming a giant joint venture. "Naturally, those deals have led investors to ask: who\'s next?" Citigroup analyst B. Alexander Henderson wrote in a research report Thursday. Below, some of the suggested match-ups [...]')('2006062', 'Credit Suisse has tapped David M. Platter as its head of financial institutions investment banking for the Americas. Previously, Mr. Platter led the financial institutions group at Sagent Advisors, a boutique mergers and acquisitions advisory firm. He has also worked at Bear Stearns and Morgan Stanley. Go to Press Release from Credit Suisse » Evercore [...]')('2006062', 'Federated Department Stores is close to signing a deal to sell its Lord & Taylor chain to private equity player Apollo Real Estate Advisors and a shopping center developer, NRDC Real Estate Advisors, for about $1.2 billion, according to a report published Thursday. The deal could be announced as early as this week, though it [...]')('2006062', 'It may be a huge hit with the youngsters, but social-networking phenomenon MySpace "is so irrelevant to the financial performance" of owner News Corporation that "it doesn\'t even merit describing," Henry Blodget wrote Thursday in his Internet Outsider blog. MySpace\'s financial insignificance leaves Mr. Blodget wondering why the media giant spent $580 million to acquire [...]')('2006062', "Live coverage of today's crucial match between Italy and the Czech Republic in Hamburg.")('2006062', "In this corner, Gov. George E. Pataki, with 192 days to go. And in this corner, the man helping to pass Mr. Pataki's crime agenda -- Eliot Spitzer.")('2006062', 'For live updates of Duncan Irving\'s coverage of US-Ghana from the Franken stadium, hit "refresh" on your browser bar, or click "more"')('2006062', "J.P. Morgan Chase said this week it named Pascal Ravery as a vice-chairman of European investment banking coverage. Ravery, who was previously co-head of investment banking in France, will be responsible for developing the bank's relationships with clients in France and across Europe, it said. Isabelle Seillier will remain as sole head of investment banking [...]")('2006062', 'Green Mountain Power on Thursday said it had agreed to be acquired by Vermont-based Northern New England Energy, a unit of Gaz Metro Limited Partnership, for about $187 million. Green Mountain shareholders will receive $35 a share under terms of the deal. It will continue to be managed by its current leadership team and employees [...]')('2006062', 'Until last week, I never confronted the contradiction between Bill Gates, the merciless businessman, and Bill Gates, the compassionate scientist.')('2006062', 'Beat Ghana! But cut out the fake injuries. Jonathan V. Last, online editor of The Weekly Standard, offers the most compelling theory yet for the refusal of Americans to become soccer fans: The "flop-\'n\'-bawl," a pervasive act among World Cup players, is an "obstacle to soccer acceptance that seems insurmountable" in the United States, he [...]')('2006062', 'Dresdner Bank, the banking arm of Allianz AG, will cut 2,480 jobs, or almost 9 percent of its workforce, to reign in costs that exceed rivals. Along the way, Dresdner is revamping its investment banking unit which has struggled to compete against its Wall Street rivals. Dresdner is creating three main divisions, a private and [...]')('2006062', "The stock market is seesawing, housing is looking winded, and interest rates are climbing. So how can Wall Street's biggest investment banks – Morgan Stanley, Lehman Brothers, Goldman Sachs, and Bear Stearns – be posting their biggest gains in recent memory? More important, how long can the good times roll for them? The answer, analysts [...]")('2006062', 'Apollo Management-controlled Hexion Specialty Chemicals suspended its already once-delayed initial public offering yesterday, citing "adverse market conditions." Hexion, which delayed its I.P.O. after last year\'s hurricanes, had planned to raise as much as $532 million, offering 19 million shares at $25 to $28 a share. Apollo, which created Hexion last year through the merger of [...]')('2006062', 'NEC, one of the largest Japanese electronics conglomerates, said Wednesday that it was in talks to sell part of its European personal computer operations, which would lead to its withdrawal from the home-use PC market in that region. The company declined to give details, including the name of the potential buyer and a sale price [...]')('2006062', "Goldman Sachs Asset Management has started a $200 million offshore Chinese equity fund that will invest exclusively in China's domestic A-share market, the fund manager said on Thursday. The fund management arm of Goldman Sachs Group said the Dublin-authorized fund has direct access to the mainland market through the firm's Qualified Foreign Institutional Investor (QFII) [...]")('2006062', 'Nothing on wheels more personifies Italian style than the Vespa scooter, whose carefree spirit was immortalized by Audrey Hepburn and Gregory Peck circling Rome\'s piazzas in the 1953 film "Roman Holiday." Now, as the Italian icon turns 60, the company that makes the Vespa is about to go public. The move is a sign of [...]')('2006062', "The Presbyterian Church (U.S.A.) voted on Wednesday to back off from a decision it made two years ago to pursue divestment from companies that profit from Israel's involvement in the Palestinian territories. The resolution, passed overwhelmingly at the church's general assembly in Birmingham, Ala., responded to outcries by some church members and Jews who accused [...]")('2006062', "Rupert Murdoch's News Corporation yesterday recruited one of the most senior statesmen involved in the Iraq war, the former Spanish prime minister José Maria Aznar, as a board member. The 53-year-old former politician backed the United States and Britain over the invasion of Iraq three years ago despite widespread opposition in Spain. His party was [...]")('2006062', 'Three British bankers wanted in the United States on Enron-related fraud charges have a week to appeal to the European Court of Human Rights against their extradition, their lawyer said. David Bermingham, Gary Mulgrew and Giles Darby, former executives at Greenwich NatWest, a unit of Royal Bank of Scotland Group, had appealed to British courts [...]')('2006062', "The New York Stock Exchange's fortress of silence was breached yesterday when a Big Board clerk described long-running illegal trading by the most respected names at the corner of Wall and Broad streets. An assistant United States attorney, Lauren Goldberg, woke up Courtroom 23-A in the Moynihan Courthouse when Joseph Virga of Van Der Moolen [...]")('2006062', "Harvard is still waiting for the software billionaire Larry Ellison to make good on a $115 million pledge, a year after he announced what would have been the largest single contribution in the university's history. Harvard said Wednesday it has not received a cent from the flamboyant founder and chief executive of the software giant [...]")('2006062', "The Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce, Canada's fifth-biggest bank, denied a Global Crossing bankruptcy trustee's claims that it used inside information to make $2 billion trading the company's stock. A trustee for creditors of Global Crossing filed suit in New York bankruptcy court yesterday against affiliates of CIBC, seeking the return of the alleged profits. [...]")('2006062', 'A former executive at Computer Associates pleaded guilty on Wednesday to an obstruction charge for his role in a deal to pay millions to two clients in exchange for silence about improper deals that were part of a $2.2 billion accounting scandal at the software company. Thomas Bennett, a former business development executive at Computer [...]')('2006062', "British Airways, Europe's third-largest airline, said on Thursday that it and other carriers were being investigated by competition authorities in both the United States and Britain over ticket prices and fuel surcharges. The Office of Fair Trading in Britain said it visited BA's offices on June 13 as part of an investigation into alleged price [...]")('2006062', 'Heritage Partners earned a 350 percent return on its $25 million investment in Castle Rock Industries by selling it to the German cleaning products maker Alfred Kärcher. The sale price was more than $140 million, according to LBO Wire. Heritage put about $25 million into Castle Rock in 1998, according to Charles Gifford, a principal [...]')('2006062', 'Shares of an Austrailan retailer, the Colorado Group surged after Affinity Equity Partners, a Hong Kong-based buyout firm, raised its stake in the company to 13.82 percent on Wednesday, spurring speculation it may be planning a takeover. The stock jumped 49 cents, or 13 percent, its biggest gain ever, to 4.29 Australian dollars at the [...]')('2006062', 'Two groups of private-equity firms submitted formal bids for the arts-and-crafts retailer Michaels Stores Wednesday night, coming close to $40 a share, or roughly $5 billion, The New York Post said. Sources told the newspaper that a bidding consortium that includes Bain Capital, the Blackstone Group, the Carlyle Group and Thomas H. Lee Partners submitted [...]')('2006062', 'RGB Networks, which sells a switch used for video processing and bandwidth management, has closed a $20 million Series C round, resulting in a valuation of $110 million. The valuation, set by new lead investor Focus Ventures, represents a 150 percent increase from the previous valuation 18 months ago, when San Mateo, Calif.-based RGB closed [...]')('2006062', 'Intel Capital has increased its stake in a mobile WiMax equipment vendor, Navini Networks, a key supplier for the burgeoning wireless standard that could one day dramaticaly expand the use of Intel chips for wireless data and voice services. Intel was one of a number of existing investors that chipped in for a $17.5 million [...]')('2006062', "As summer gets under way, the market for companies going public is hitting some headwinds. Nearly two-thirds of the companies that have gone public this month have priced below their estimated price range, according to deal tracker Dealogic. And some firms on deck are cutting their offering prices before heading to market. It's not exactly [...]")('2006062', 'Global Ethanol Holdings, an Australian producer of grain- and sugar-based fuel, plans to raise at least 700 million Australian dollars ($518 million) in a public share sale, Bloomberg News reported, citing two people familiar with the matter. Global Ethanol will start the offer in the third quarter, said the people, who declined to be identified [...]')('2006062', "No bank has played as big a role as Morgan Stanley in pioneering the fast-growing market for Russian I.P.O.s. Over recent years, the U.S. investment bank's success in winning Russian deals has left rival United States banks trailing in the dust. Now they're scrambling to catch up. Major investment banks from both the United States [...]")('2006062', 'IMG Artists, a major classical music management company, is in talks with the talent agency giant International Creative Management to acquire its classical music division, The New York Times reported. IMG and ICM Artists have had contacts over the years, but this time the discussions were serious, a source told The Times. The two agencies [...]')('2006062', 'Maurizio Borletti, chairman of I La Rinascente, the Italian department store group bidding for Printemps, the French department store chain, intends to propel the chain to the fore of European luxury retailing. Mr. Borletti, who along with a pool of investors has made a 1.08 billion euro ($1.36 billion) bid for Printemps, wants to remake [...]')('2006062', "Mergers of Canadian news organizations should be given closer scrutiny under competition laws, a report by a committee of Canada's Senate urged on Wednesday. The report, which came after three years of hearings, also recommended that the government-owned Canadian Broadcasting Corporation end commercials on its TV networks and stop sports programming. Go to Article from [...]")('2006062', 'The Bank of Cyprus made a 3.78 billion-euro ($4.8 billion) bid for Emporiki Bank of Greece, topping a bid from Credit Agricole for control of the bank, the sixth-biggest lender in Greece. Bank of Cyprus, which dominates financial services on the Mediterranean island, is bidding about 28.55 euros in cash and stock for Emporiki, 21 [...]')('2006062', 'The chairman of the board of Yukos on Wednesday offered an unusually frank – and glum – assessment of the future of his oil company, comparing its prospects to those of Europe the day before the start of World War II. "Everybody felt fine, and nobody could imagine that on the following morning there would [...]')('2006062', 'Henry M. Paulson Jr., chief executive of Goldman Sachs and the nominee for Treasury secretary, will sell his Goldman stake as part of an agreement with the Office of Government Ethics, a White House aide said yesterday. He owned 3.23 million Goldman shares as of March, worth about $485 million today, according to regulatory filings. [...]')('2006062', "CNN Money's Paul R. La Monica thinks The New York Times Company needs to get hitched. The columnist argues that if The Times, which he says has underperformed its peers, doesn't merge soon, it's in for more financial heartbreak. Let's face it, Wall Street is not overly confident about the company's growth prospects. Sure, the [...]")('2006062', 'Siemens may get at least 1.5 billion euros ($1.9 billion) from the sale of its enterprise telecommunications business with the likely buyer being Avaya of the United States or Nortel Networks of Canada. "Considering the size of the business, I just see Avaya, Nortel and Alcatel as potential buyers," Bernd Laux, an analyst at CA [...]')('2006062', 'China Network Communications Group, the nation\'s second-largest fixed-line phone operator, may block the potential salePCCW, Hong Kong\'s largest telephone company. China Network, whose consent is required for PCCW to sell its phone and media units, said yesterday it "isn\'t willing to see any major changes to the asset structure of PCCW." "There is very little [...]')('2006062', 'The board of the Luxembourg steel giant Arcelor seems to be having a hard time deciding what to do next. After a six hour meeting to discuss two competing merger proposals, the company said Wednesday evening that the board would meet on Sunday to choose between the bids from Severstal of Russia and Mittal Steel [...]')('2006062', "The Bank of China said late Wednesday that it had priced its Shanghai initial public offering at 3.08 yuan (38.5 cents) for a total of $2.5 billion, according to reports. Mainland China's first major I.P.O. in more than a year priced at the lower end of the projected 3.05-3.15 yuan range. The bank's offering of [...]")('2006062', 'The Federal Communications Commission on Wednesday restarted its controversial effort to draft new media-ownership rules – and critics assailed the complicated process as soon as it began. Among other things, the new rules would determine how many television stations a company could own and would deal with a long-standing prohibition against owning newspapers and TV [...]')('2006062', "Portions of CareerBuilder.com, a popular job recruitment Web site, are up for grabs among several newspaper companies trying to piggyback on its success. As online advertisers migrate to the Web, most newspapers' revenues from online job advertisers are growing. But CareerBuilder is especially attractive because it is a national brand that is actually attached to [...]")('2006062', "Thomas Unterman is neither a member of the Chandler family nor a trustee overseeing its billions, nor is he one of the trust's appointees on the Tribune board. But the lawyer turned media executive turned venture capitalist has worked for the family for years, earning a reputation as a financial and legal wizard for stringing [...]")('2006062', "If the auction of Univision were scripted like one of the Spanish-language media company's popular soap operas, the heroine would be perched on the edge of a craggy cliff right about now. If it were one of the World Cup soccer games that Univision has been been broadcasting in the past few weeks, Univision's team [...]")('2006062', 'At roughly the same time Wednesday that my Chinese blogs were causing consternation in Beijing, the two main Chinese search engines went offline. Several people have linked the two matters, saying that the authorities wanted to block Chinese from using the search engines to find my comments after they had heard about them. I think [...]')('2006062', 'How are they preparing for the big game over in Ghana?')('2006062', 'Two letters comment on June 19 article about walking in New York City; Karen Runkel, avid walking enthusiast, describes her daily walks; Emily Barsh holds overall health benefits of walking are offset by second-hand smoke')('2006062', 'Correction on June 15 Personal Shopper column')('2006062', "Carol A Mandel letter praises reporting about demise of petite departments and suggests it was persuasive in Saks's decision to change its policy (June 20 article)")('2006062', 'ABC wins ratings for Tuesday night with broadcast of NBA championships (S)')('2006062', 'Nine letters comment June 21 articles on Iraq; Maureen E Doallas, prompted by report of brutalized bodies of two American service members, wonders if this is what Pres Bush means by progess; Robert White says Americans should come together and show resolve when confronted by atrocities; Barbara Eppert says she is repelled by seeing Pres Bush smiling during photo-op day after learning of brutalization of soldiers; Roy Weber bemoans lack of Democratic leadership on ending involvement in Iraq; Geoffrey S Poor says it is Pres Bush, not Democrats, who are responsible for war in Iraq; Dan Greenburg contends deadline for withdrawal from Iraq suggested by Sen John Kerry is too arbitrary; Gal Gressel says Republicans have no real plan for Iraq aside from continuing status quo, and wonders why Democrats are being criticized for not having plan; Roger D Sloboda says reinstatement of draft would unite country against war; Steve Kutay suggests Iraqis should decide when Americans should leave; drawing')('2006062', 'Two letters comment on June 18 Stephen Perrine Op-Ed article on inequities inherent in being noncustodial parent in divorce; Samuel M Kublanow, family mediator, calls for laws to change to minimize impact of hostility between separated parents on children; attorney John A Clark blames parents for failing to find common ground')('2006062', 'Alan S Fintz letter, prompted by June 15 Op-Ed article by Joshua Reichert and Theodore Roosevelt IV praising Pres Bush for designating northwestern Hawaiian Islands as national monument, warns that Bush has history of obfuscating scientific evidence of human-induced climate change; says Bush is claiming to protect reefs while subjecting them to avoidable climate damage')('2006062', 'Christopher Come, French artist, makes sculptural light fixtures out of industrial glass and iron; photos (S)')('2006062', 'New album by Busta Rhymes reaches No 1 spot on Billboard charts with 209,000 copies sold; Dixie Chicks are No 2; photo (S)')('2006062', 'Photo of young boy playing with pelican sprinkler at Orchard Beach in Bronx on first day of summer')('2006062', 'Product and furniture showroom opens in Paris to display works by new and established designers; photos (S)')('2006062', 'World Cup matchups discussed; chart; photo (S)a')('2006062', 'Architect Jean-Michel Wilmotte designs interiors of new restaurant for Artcurial auction house in Paris; photo (S)')('2006062', 'University of Chicago acquires remaining professional papers of Saul Bellow; Bellow, who died in 2005, was university faculty member for over 30 years; photo (S)')('2006062', 'Personal Shopper column on newest hanging pendants and chandeliers; photos (M)')('2006062', 'David Silverstone letter warns that housing prices will soon make New York City unaffordable for middle- and lower-income residents (June 16 article)')('2006062', 'Letter from Deputy Asst Secretary of State Michael Coulter and Deputy Asst Defense Secretary Jeb Nadaner agrees with June 12 editorial calling for support of foreign military programs financed by Pentagon to conform to certain democratic and human rights standards')('2006062', 'Tse & Tse designs poetic interpretations of everyday objects, including lighting and decorative vases; photo (S)')('2006062', 'Adhesive vinyl cutouts, shaped as flowers or in geometric patterns, can be applied to windows and walls; photos (S)')('2006062', 'AT&T revises privacy policy for its television and Internet customers, clarifying that personal information it collects is owned by company and may be shared in response to court orders and other legal processes; AT&T, BellSouth and Verizon Communications have come under criticism for cooperating with government investigators trying to track terrorists through domestic phone records (M)')('2006062', 'Sporting goods manufacturers are developing products like bicycles, sunglasses, helmets and inline skates that can be adjusted to accommodate children as they grow; photos (M)')('2006062', 'IMG Artists, major classical music management company, is in talks with talent agency giant International Creative Management to acquire its classical music division; combining their rosters would be significant consolidation and give IMG more influence in promoting artists (M)')('2006062', 'Photo of World Cup game between Argentina and Netherlands, which resulted in 0-0 tieu')('2006062', 'So You Want to Be a Brazilian Soccer Star?')('2006062', "A roundup of Empire Zone readers' comments from the week.")('2006062', "We're asking you to send us the one refereeing gaffe you think has been the worst of the World Cup so far.")('2006062', 'A non-working fireplace is for the dogs.')('2006062', "Diner's Journal is going on vacation.")('2006062', 'A look at Revver, the greedy two of YouTube. Videos--with ads.')('2006062', "There is nothing like a huge premium to get Wall Street's attention. Anadarko Petroleum's announcement on Friday that it would buy two energy companies for a total of $21.1 billion - at premiums of 40 percent, in the case of Kerr-McGee, and 49 percent, for Western Gas Resources - sent shares of other energy-related companies [...]")('2006062', 'Is Better Burger truly better?')('2006062', "Shares of Univision crept higher on Friday after Grupo Televisa and its fellow bidders - or what remains of them - submitted an offer for the Spanish-language broadcasting company. The takeover bid may have been tardy, missing Univision's supposedly final deadline of Tuesday by a long shot, but it was reportedly greater than the one [...]")('2006062', 'The Group G finale between South Korea and Switzerland, LIVE as it happens at the Niedersachsenstadion in Hanover. Jeff Z. Klein describes the action.')('2006062', 'For updates of Duncan Irving\'s live coverage of France-Togo from Cologne, hit the refresh button on your browser bar, or click "more."')('2006062', "The mere suggestion of a union between Microsoft and Yahoo – a potential combination that has been reported upon, praised, derided, refuted and generally tossed around for months - was enough to lift Yahoo's shares as much as 3 percent on Friday. The speculation resurfaced because of a research note from a Merrill Lynch analyst [...]")('2006062', 'JibJab Media, known for the jerky, animated political satires that probably landed in your e-mail inbox a few years back, has secured its first round of venture financing from Polaris Venture Partners, PaidContent.org reported Friday. Polaris managing partner Jon Flint said that JibJab\'s founders, brothers Gregg and Evan Spiridellis, combine "the creative zaniness of the [...]')('2006062', "Sean Patrick Maloney's parents, who are Republicans living in New Hampshire, were solicited for donations by Charlie King's campaign for Attorney General, according to the Maloney campaign.")('2006062', "German politicians and labor leaders are not happy with the continuing efforts by Deutcshe Borse, the country's stock exchange in Frankfurt, to beat NYSE Group's offer for Euronext, The Economist reports. Most irksome for them is Deutsche Borse's proposal, outlined in its latest offer for the pan-European exchange, to abandon Frankfurt's Xetra automated trading system [...]")('2006062', 'Bloomberg Talks About his Chat With Bush')('2006062', 'Morgan Stanley said Friday that its board of directors has elected Charles E. Phillips Jr., president of Oracle, as its newest director. Mr. Phillips currently also serves on the boards of both Oracle and Viacom. Mr. Phillips is no stranger to Morgan Stanley: Before joining Oracle, he worked as a managing director in the investment [...]')('2006062', 'Dick Cheney appears to be coaching fractious Togo')('2006062', 'In this lesson, students will examine aspects of culture that may seem strange and prepare skits illustrating how a person may want to behave in these situations without being offensive.')('2006062', "The push to regulate hedge funds was dealt a major setback on Friday when a federal appeals court threw out a rule that forced thousands of United States-based funds to register with the Securities and Exchange Commission. In its opinion published Friday, the Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit found fault with the commission's [...]")('2006062', 'The much-anticipated Parallels, which lets you run Windows on any Intel-based Macintosh, has finally exited beta-land.')('2006062', "This much is known about the nascent bidding war for PCCW. Several bidders have entered the fray to snap up Hong Kong's largest fixed-phone-line company, and China Netcom, the company's second-largest shareholder, presents a formidable obstacle to any deal. But Australia's Macquarie Bank, which posted the original 40 billion Hong Kong dollars ($5.2 billion) offer [...]")('2006062', 'Readers respond to Thomas L. Friedman\'s June 23 column, "The World Is Hot" Stever Robbins, Cambridge, Mass.: You write, "For many Americans, combating climate change is at best a cause for green do-gooders and at worse something to be debated." Yet many of our Western states are in conflict over how to divide up the [...]')('2006062', 'Not unexpectedly, the joint scoop by The New York Times and The Los Angeles Times that "counterterrorism officials have gained access to financial records from a vast international database and examined banking transactions involving thousands of Americans and others in the United States," has become the buzz of the blogosphere. Christian Beckner, the IBM security [...]')('2006062', 'Even as private equity firms continue to enjoy "heady times," the business is beset by a number of threats, The Economist suggests in its latest issue. There is "a growing sense among fund managers that the bountiful era is drawing to a close." Firms must deal with more competition, higher interest rates, troubled markets, demanding [...]')('2006062', 'Friedman, Billings, Ramsey Group plans to sell a third of its investment banking and brokerage business to outside investors, a move that could be a prelude to an eventual separate stock listing for the broker-dealer affiliate, The Washington Post reported. Shares of Friedman Billings, whose other main business is investing in mortgage-backed securities, jumped more [...]')('2006062', 'Albany lawmakers hope to go home with a budget this morning. Pataki plans a news conference. No to charter schools, yes to property tax rebates? And Suozzi plans a "major speech" to Sons of Italy.')('2006062', "Read Austin Kelley's live updates of the decisive Group-H match in Berlin. FINAL THOUGHTS Against Saudi Arabia, Ukraine reminded us of their attacking prowess. Today, they did no such thing. Rebrov did not reprise his excellent long-range shooting, and Shevchenko never got going. They did enough, though, to put themselves through. Now they await their [...]")('2006062', 'Follow Spain-Saudi Arabia with Victor Mather here.')('2006062', 'Croatia came up short of the win they needed to advance earlier today')('2006062', 'HealthTronics said on Friday it was selling a specialty vehicle unit to the Oshkosh Truck Corporation for $140 million. HealthTronics, based in Austin, Tex., said the sale of the unit, which makes vehicles that transport high technology medical equipment as well as broadcast and communications equipment, would allow it to focus on its core business [...]')('2006062', 'Mark Blumenthal, the blogosphere\'s invaluable Mystery Pollster, has for a couple of days - here and here - been looking looking into much-discussed comments by former Reagan speechwriter Peggy Noonan in the Wall Street Journal that military voters may be disillusioned by the Republican cultural agenda. "I\'ve never met a career military man who was [...]')('2006062', 'Energy Partners said Friday it has finalized its offer to buy the Stone Energy Corporation for $1.4 billion to expand its exploration and production capacity in the Gulf of Mexico. The election of cash or stock would be limited to $723 million and 35 million shares. Assuming that shareholders receive half cash and half stock, [...]')('2006062', 'The 10th Circuit Court of Appeals in Denver this week denied a request to withhold 220,000 pages of documents from shareholders in a civil securities fraud lawsuit against Qwest Communications International. Although Qwest\'s attorneys contend that the documents should have been "privileged" information, the court on Monday upheld the opinion of a lower court that [...]')('2006062', 'As the finance minister Thierry Breton of France met Thursday with the German co-chairman of EADS, Manfred Bischoff, the question of the future of Noël Forgeard, the French co-chief executive of EADS, was left unanswered. Pressure continues to mount on European Aeronautic Defense & Space, the parent of Airbus, over its handling of delays on [...]')('2006062', 'Trian Group, the activist investor team looking to shake up the board of H.J. Heinz, on Thursday filed a preliminary proxy with regulators calling for widespread cost cutting, an increased share buyback and a higher dividend payout. Trian, which owns about 5.4 percent of Heinz shares, is looking to fill five seats on the food [...]')('2006062', 'The founder and former chief executive of Homestore, an online real estate listings company, was found guilty Thursday of insider trading, lying to company accountants and federal regulators, and conspiring in a scheme to defraud investors by inflating revenue. A United States District Court jury in Los Angeles found the executive, Stuart Wolff, guilty on [...]')('2006062', 'Scientific-Atlanta and two executives paid Adelphia Communications $43 million disguised as marketing allowances in 2000 and 2001 to help the cable operator falsely meet Wall Street earnings expectations, the Securities and Exchange Commission said Thursday. In a civil complaint, the S.E.C. accused Scientific-Atlanta, a supplier of digital television set-top boxes, of abetting a larger financial [...]')('2006062', 'Anadarko Petroleum on Friday unveiled a pair of multibillion-dollar deals, adding to what has already been a very active period for big mergers and acquisitions in the energy sector. The company said it had agreed to buy Kerr-McGee and Western Gas Resources in two separate all-cash transactions for a total of $21.1 billion in cash. [...]')('2006062', "One of the nation's most prominent hedge funds, Pequot Capital Management, is under investigation by the Securities and Exchange Commission for possible insider trading, The New York Times reported Friday. The S.E.C. declined to confirm or deny that it was investigating Pequot, a $7 billion fund overseen by Arthur J. Samberg, a leading money manager [...]")('2006062', "Yoshiaki Murakami, the fund manager whose clients included the governor of the Bank of Japan, Toshihiko Fukui, was indicted on Friday for insider trading, prosecutors said. Mr. Murakami obtained advance knowledge of Livedoor's planned bid for a Japanese broadcaster and bought shares based on that information, prosecutors said. His arrest ended a seven-year campaign of [...]")('2006062', 'Parlux Fragrances has raised doubts about part of a takeover offer from its chairman and chief executive officer. The Fort Lauderdale-based fragrance maker and distributor said an independent committee of its board of directors responded to the $259.55 million offer, through legal counsel, with a variety of concerns. Go to Article from The South Florida [...]')('2006062', 'While Roman Abramovich buys yachts and Premiership football teams, his former partner and fellow Russian billionaire, Oleg Deripaska, is making a bid for something slightly less glamorous – the British van. Mr. Deripaska, the sixth-richest man in Russia with an estimated fortune of about 5 billion pounds, has made a bid for the Birmingham, England, [...]')('2006062', 'New York private equity firms Kelso and MSD Capital plan to invest $230 million or more in US Electrical Systems, a new acquisitions platform for electrical equipment distributors, reports The Daily Deal. Kelso and MSD, the investment business of the computer billionaire Michael Dell, have earmarked that sum to expand Chester Springs, Pa.-based US Electrical [...]')('2006062', "Paul Allen's real-estate company, Vulcan, has announced further expansion into South Lake Union's Cascade neighborhood with the purchase of a two-acre full block previously owned by Pemco Insurance. The Pemco sale, recorded Tuesday, cost Vulcan $14.875 million, King County Recorder's Office records show. Vulcan also announced retail tenants for Alley24, its mixed-use development across from [...]")('2006062', 'Less than six months after emerging from bankruptcy, the diet supplements maker Atkins Nutritionals is on the auction block again and its owners have hired Blackstone Group to sell the company, according to The Daily Deal. Estimates say the company could fetch about $150 million. Creditors, led by UBS Securities, Sankaty Advisors and Mellon HBV [...]')('2006062', "Carlyle Group's NT$47.6 billion ($1.5 billion) offer to buy controlling stakes in Taiwan's Eastern Multimedia and affiliated cable networks has been halted by a government request for more information, a regulatory official said. Taiwan's National Communications Commission yesterday voted to halt Carlyle's bid, asking for more details on the proposed acquisition. Eastern Multimedia's 12 cable- [...]")('2006062', "A software developer, Autotask, has landed $6 million in venture capital, the company announced Tuesday. The funding comes from a Baltimore investor, JMI Equity, that focuses exclusively on software and business services industries, and FA Technology Ventures, an Albany, N.Y., venture firm. It is FA Tech's third investment in the firm. Go to Article from [...]")('2006062', 'Americans are looking for all sorts of new ways to power their cars and trucks, from ethanol to biodiesel to hydrogen. Now, a Seattle startup has attracted $20.2 million in equity financing and a $25 million line of credit that it will use to transform waste gases at landfills, coal mines and dairy farms into [...]')('2006062', "Solar energy company Nanosolar said Wednesday that it plans to build the world's largest solar cell factory in the Bay Area. The Palo Alto-based company said it raised more than $75 million in new funding, bringing its total cash raised to more than $100 million, including government funding. The new factory would be capable of [...]")('2006062', "Interested in reaching further out around the globe and sign another major partnership, LignUp, provider of enterprise voice over Internet protocol platform, closed a $9.8 million Series B funding round, VentureWire reported. Intel Capital and the Entrepreneurs' Funds co-led the June round. The financing also included new investments from Weber Capital Management, Tim Draper's individual [...]")('2006062', 'Info Edge India, the Indian company behind jobs site Naukri.com, may be the first venture-backed Internet start-up to go public on the Bombay Stock Exchange. The company has filed to raise $29 million in an initial public offering, though the current yo-yo market makes an offer date uncertain, said investor Ajit Nazre, a partner at [...]')('2006062', 'Techwell on Wednesday raised $21 million in an initial public offering hoping to cash in on soaring demand for high-definition television sets, surveillance cameras and video gadgets for cars. The company, only the sixth Silicon Valley company to go public this year, sold about 2.5 million shares under the symbol TWLL on the Nasdaq Stock [...]')('2006062', 'PSA International priced a $1 billion bond offering Friday that effectively completes the $4.4 billion financing for the 20 percent acquisition of Hutchison Ports and pays down the outstanding $1.8 billion bridge loan. The deal, led by sole lead manager Morgan Stanley, comes inside of revised price guidance. Royal Bank of Scotland which also underwrote [...]')('2006062', 'As private equity companies eagerly await the return of optimal market conditions which would allow them to file an I.P.O. and secure the holy grail of money management, permanent capital, they will not be alone. Hedge funds are also eager to soak up money from the market, and are gazing overseas to Amsterdam and London [...]')('2006062', 'Bruce Wasserstein, the legendary Wall Street banker and head of Lazard, will soon be able to reclaim his name from Allianz, the German insurance giant that became the ultimate owner of the firm he founded with Joe Perella. Dresdner Kleinwort Wasserstein, the investment and corporate banking arm of Dresdner Bank, which is part of Allianz, [...]')('2006062', 'Keith Ince has been appointed executive vice chairman and acting head of asset management for Credit Suisse in Australia while the firm looks for a new person to head the division permanently. Mr. Ince will manage the business over the next six months while the current chief executive, Andrew McKinnon, makes his exit and the [...]')('2006062', "Playboy Enterprises has headed deeper into hardcore adult entertainment with a deal to buy Club Jenna, a business founded by porn star Jenna Jameson, for an undisclosed sum. The acquisition, which was announced after Thursday's closing bell, brings Playboy a film production business, a video library, a group of Web sites and a DVD retail [...]")('2006062', 'A shoe trade entrepreneur based in southeast London is to bank about 135 million pounds ($246 million) in cash and shares after selling his business to the Iceland-listed Mosaic fashion group. The entrepeneur, Don McCarthy, is selling his Rubicon shoes and fashion group to Mosaic, the holding company for Oasis, Karen Millen, Coast and Whistles, [...]')('2006062', 'Shares of Six Flags dropped nearly a fifth of their value in after-hours trading Thursday after the theme-park company said that it was looking to shed six properties as part of its initiative to sell off non-core assets. Parks near Los Angeles, Houston, Seattle and Denver, as well as properties in Buffalo, N.Y., and Concord, [...]')('2006062', 'CDC Software, which is making a last-minute bid to buy Onyx Software, said it is "deeply troubled" by the fees that will go to Onyx\'s preferred suitor, M2M Holdings. Officials at CDC, which is a subsidiary of Hong Kong-based CDC, made an offer for the Bellevue, Wash., software company this week that is slightly higher [...]')('2006062', "The Justice Department has cleared McClatchy to buy Knight Ridder, after McClatchy agreed to sign a guarantee that it will sell the St. Paul Pioneer Press, according to people familiar with the process. The Justice Department was concerned about McClatchy's purchase of Knight Ridder because the company would own two papers in the Twin Cities [...]")('2006062', "Exelon and Public Service Enterprise Group have agreed to sell six power plants in Pennsylvania and New Jersey to complete Exelon's $16.6 billion takeover of the New Jersey utility, the Justice Department said Thursday in approving the deal. Under a settlement with the department, Exelon and PSE&G will sell plants capable of generating more than [...]")('2006062', "The Russians have arrived. Gazprom, the world's biggest supplier of natural gas, on Friday entered the British gas supply market by snapping up a Leeds-based commercial gas business for an undisclosed sum. The state controlled gas giant said that its British arm, Gazprom Marketing and Trading, has bought the supply businesses of Pennine Natural Gas, [...]")('2006062', "Macquarie Bank, Australia's biggest securities firm, agreed to buy Stagecoach Group's London bus operation for 263.5 million pounds ($482 million) to expand in Britain. Stagecoach shares rose as much as 6.5 percent. The sale is likely to be completed within three months and generate a gain of 120 million pounds for Stagecoach, the Perth, Scotland-based [...]")('2006062', "Houston Exploration, resisting Jana Partners' takeover pressure, said Thursday it will take its time evaluating the hedge fund's unsolicited buyout offer, despite Jana's signal that a prompt commitment to open its books could net shareholders a fatter dowry. Jana Partners, which said it holds 12.8 percent of the independent oil company's stock, began its takeover [...]")('2006062', "Shares of Baidu.com, China's most-used Internet search engine, fell as much as 6.8 percent after Google said it sold its 2.6 percent stake in the Beijing-based company to develop its own business in the nation. Go to Article from Bloomberg News » Go to Article from MarketWatch » Go to Related Article from The New [...]")('2006062', "Mittal Steel, the world's biggest steelmaker, said it is moving closer to an agreement with Arcelor on an unsolicited takeover offer last valued at 23.96 billion euros ($30.15 billion). Mittal and Arcelor will continue talks Friday and Saturday, Sudhir Maheshwari, Mittal's managing director for business development and treasury, told Bloomberg News. The board of Arcelor, [...]")('2006062', "A group of investment firms is considering joining the bidding war for PCCW, Hong Kong's largest fixed-line company, according to The South China Morning Post. A consortium that comprisesBritish-based Ashmore Investment Management, Spinnaker Capital Group and Clearwater Capital is expected to hold talks today with PCCW's adviser, Lehman Brothers. Along with Macquarie and TPC Newbridge, [...]")('2006062', 'Despite speculation that the new Lord & Taylor owners NRDC Equity Partners would convert the Manhattan flagship store into loft-style condominiums, the company said it would remain a department store after all. Furthermore, much of the entire chain is to be left in place, preserving, for now at least, one more venerable retail name in [...]')('2006062', 'A group of investors led by the Mexican entertainment giant Grupo Televisa inched closer late Thursday to bidding $11.2 billion for Univision Communications, the largest Spanish-language media company in the United States, according to the Los Angeles Times. A bid by Televisa may revive the auction for Univision, which stalled when Televisa was unable to [...]')('2006062', "In the latest twist in the battle for Associated British Ports Holdings, the British ports operator said on Friday it had accepted a revised takeover bid from a consortium led by Goldman Sachs Group valuing the company at 2.8 billion pounds ($5.17 billion). The Ports group's board said the offer from the Goldman group amounted [...]")('2006062', 'Bidding began late Thursday on eBay for the chance to break bread (or, more likely, a fat Porterhouse steak) with billionaire investing guru Warren Buffett. The highest offer, as of 7 a.m. E.D.T. on Friday was $455,100. (You can check for the latest bid here.) That was already well above the $351,100 that was last [...]')('2006062', "The reasons for the Americans' 2-1 loss to Ghana Thursday and their three-and-out elimination from the World Cup are obvious enough: an inability to attack creatively (witness the dozens of hopeful long balls hoofed uselessly right to the Ghanaian defense); a poor tactical set-up (a 4-5-1 when it had already been proven that the Americans [...]")('2006062', "Kimi Raikkonen may or may not have signed a contract with Ferrari already, as that many-months-old rumor goes. But words he said during the press conference in Montreal today in preparation for Sunday's Canadian Grand Prix, certainly make it clearer than ever that he hasn't decided where he will drive next year. He said he [...]")('2006062', "Selena Roberts Sports of The Times column discusses Madison Square Garden chairman James L Dolan's role in New York Knicks' demise over past three years (M)0")('2006062', "New York City Patrolmen's Benevolent Association endorses Democratic New York State attorney general hopeful Andrew M Cuomo in primary; photo (M)")('2006062', 'Deal by Jet Airways to acquire rival Air Sahara apparently collapses after sale agreement expires (S)')('2006062', 'Photo of mourners at funeral for 13-year-old Jajuana Cole, who was fatally shot in New Haven, Conn; four teenagers have been arrested in case')('2006062', 'Chart shows merger and acquisition activity in countries when World Cup soccer tournaments were held (S)')('2006062', 'New Jersey General Assembly approves stricter requirements on use of eminent domain; Senate plans hearing on issue (S)')('2006062', 'Three letters comment on June 18 article about Imam Zaid Shakir and Sheik Hamza Yusuf, two Muslim scholars who are leading intellectuals for new generation of American Muslims; Bisher Tarabishy says it is refreshing to read about leaders who have influence in mainstream American Muslim community; Abraham H Foxman, national director of Anti-Defamation League, says he hopes that moderate Muslims will prevail among US Muslim community; Nicolas de Torrente, executive director of Doctors Without Borders, says Imam Zaid Shakir unwittingly gives false impression about Doctors Without Borders; says it is humanitarian action provided without religious or political agenda')('2006062', 'Roberta Smith reviews works by Halsey Rodman at Guild & Greyshkul gallery (M)')('2006062', 'Grace Glueck reviews second part of exhibition of paintings by Guy Pene du Bois at James Graham & Sons gallery (M)')('2006062', 'Roberta Smith reviews works by Hans Bellmer at Ubu Gallery and Miguel Abreu Gallery (M)')('2006062', "Excerpts from Frank Bruni review of restaurants Degustation in East Village, Jewel Bako in East Village, Dona in Midtown, Dressler in Williamsburg and Cafe d'Alsace on Upper East Side; photo (M)")('2006062', "Judith Natkins letter says June 16 Public Lives column about Courtney Sale Ross, founder of New York City charter school, recycles stereotypes when describing Ross's looks")('2006062', 'Arts, Briefly; TalenB')('2006062', "Seven letters comment on Sara Bennett and Nancy Kalish June 19 Op-Ed on school 'vacation homework'; Marvin Pollock says consistent practice is key to high achievement in anything, including academics; Craig Hanoch wants students to spend vacations reading and writing; Jennifer Prost says not all summer homework is bad; Suzy Maroon says skills learned in school slip during vacation; Julia Collins says moderation is essential in vacation homework assignments; Ellen Schleifer says having fun being kid is more important than homework; Elizabeth P Ueland supports vacation homework; drawing")('2006062', 'Photo of Manhattan Grit Chamber in New York City, where waste water from East Side goes')('2006062', 'Holland Cotter reviews group show of new Chinese art at Tilton Gallery (M)')('2006062', 'Ken Johnson reviews paintings by Rudy Burckhardt at Tibor de Nagy Gallery (M)')('2006062', "Holland Cotter reviews group show at Salander O'Reilly gallery (M)")('2006062', "John Musto, composer in residence for Caramoor festival's 2005-2006 season, will be both performer and composer at this year's festival in Katonah, NY; festival will feature world premiere of Musto's Piano Concerto No 1, with him playing as soloist; Musto comments; list of summer classical music festivals; photo (M)")('2006062', 'Katrina Lazenby letter, prompted by June 22 article on Episcopal Church urging its Dioceses not to elect gay bishops, says scripture, tradition and reason are best advisers')('2006062', "Jonathan J Margolis letter, prompted by June 20 editorial on flight of Homeland Security Department officials to lucrative lobbying jobs, says public pays price for department's golden revolving door")('2006062', 'Roberta Smith reviews works by Thomas Scheibitz at Tanya Banakdar Gallery; photo (S)')('2006062', 'Two letters comment on David R Dow June 16 Op-Ed article opposing death penalty; Rabbi Bruce L Cohen says jurors must be taught difference between reasonable assumption and reasonable doubt; David Schwinger says executing murderers saves possible future victims')('2006062', 'Morgan Library and Museum announces lineup of performances to take place in its new Gilder Lehrman Hall; hall, designed by Renzo Piano as part of $106 mullion makeover of library, will play host to 30 concerts next year and greater number of nonmusical events; artists who perform at hall will have chance to consult manuscripts of music they are performing and if manuscripts are currently on display, audiences will have same opportunity; partial event schedule; photos (M)')('2006062', "Photo of New York Mets' win over Cincinnati Reds")('2006062', 'Jack, team from Netherlands, wins World Computer-Bridge Championship (M)')('2006062', 'The United States was not one of the eight teams seeded in the first round of the World Cup, something that folks like Bruce Arena apparently never quite got over. Those silly FIFA rankings aside, it appears that the formula that took into account the pitiful U.S. performance in France in 1998 could again rear [...]')('2006062', 'Time for another visit to the virtual paddock. Toof came up with some very interesting questions about engines in the last comment on one of my Monaco posts. So I decided to go and ask three people closely linked to the theme. To recap, the basic questions were: Are all the engines pretty close in [...]')('2006062', "With Spain performing well in the World Cup, the nation's long-standing regional divisions are giving way to national pride.")('2006062', 'For live updates by Duncan Irving of this afternoon\'s Argentina-Mexico game from Leipzig, click the "refresh" button on your browser bar, or click "more."')('2006062', 'For Rob Mackey\'s live report on today\'s match between Germany and Sweden in Munich, click on the word "more"')('2006062', 'Clint Dempsey. Any questions? –JB')('2006062', 'Only in Britain can electricity-supply issues be expressed in terms of "halftime cuppas."')('2006062', 'Fox Broadcasting and CW network finish selling commercial time to advertisers before start of 2006-07 season; Fox sold $1.8 billion to $1.9 billion and CW sold about $650 million in upfront market (S)')('2006062', "James Stevenson Lost and Found New York Op Ed feature about Vince Giordano and His Nighthawks, band that replicates music of 1920's and 30's; Giordano lives in small house in Midwood section of Brooklyn that holds 27,000 sheets of old music, 30,000 orchestrations and 10,000 bits of music used to accompany silent movies; drawings; photo (M)")('2006062', 'June 20 article about parasite Toxoplasma gondii referred incorrectly to Dr Lloyd H Kasper; he is professor at Dartmouth College')('2006062', "Phillip Alder bridge column on Women's Pairs title win by Irina Levit")('2006062', 'June 23 chart about hedge fund listings on foreign exchanges mislabeled scale reflecting estimated hedge fund assets; it is trillions of dollars')('2006062', "Transportation Sec Norman Y Mineta, who has served longer than anyone else now in cabinet, announces that he is resigning effective July 7; Mineta served as commerce secretary for last six months of Bill Clinton's presidency; Maria Cino, deputy transportation secretary, will serve as acting secretary pending confirmation of successor; Mineta photo (M)")('2006062', "Photo of France's win over Togo in first round of World Cup")('2006062', "Henry Woronicz letter holds that if Congress is convinced that $5.15 an hour is livable wage, he proposes constitutional amendment setting representatives' salaries at minimum wage (June 23 editorial)")('2006062', "Five letters comment on June 22 and June 23 articles about Republicans' support for Bush administration's policy in Iraq; Mike Campbell finds it appalling that Republicans continue to back Pres Bush with catchy slogans; William R Bauer holds that as long as Democrats accept idea that presence of US troops in Iraq serves so-called war on terrorism, their calls for withdrawal will make them appear weak on terrorism; Michael Curry maintains that Republican position on Iraq reflects political calculation that in months leading up to election it is better to stand behind failed policy than to admit mistake by changing course; Agee Springer criticizes Pentagon for creating booklet for specific purpose of helping Republicans defeat their political opponents; Brad Bradford holds that Republicans will keep US troops in Iraq for years because of uncertain definition of 'victory'")('2006062', "Arts, Briefly; Golden Girl Strikes Gold for CBS's 'Gameshow")('2006062', "Photo of Julio Bocca's farewell performance as member of American Ballet Theater")('2006062', "Photo of South Korean fans watching team's loss to Switzerland in first round of World Cup4")('2006062', "Photos of New York Yankees pitcher Don Larsen's perfect game in 1956 World Series and of longest pro baseball game ever played, which lasted 33 innings, in 1981")('2006062', "Man in China may have died from avian flu in 2003, two years before government admitted having any human cases; possibility has been raised that someone tried to block publication of that event from New England Journal of Medicine; journal has reversed announcement, now saying that eight Chinese authors of letter describing man's death had insisted that they really did want it printed (M)")('2006062', 'Large explosion destroys Savoy Bakery in Sunset Park, Brooklyn injures five people; victims are taken to Lutheran Medical Center; fire officials are unclear about cause of explosion (M)')('2006062', 'Corrections on June 23 review about Raphael at Metropolitan: The Colonna Altarpiece')('2006062', 'Kathleen Clark letter assails Special Operations forces for holding three Iraqi detainees in cells that were too small to stand up straight or lie down in (June 17 article)')('2006062', 'Letters from Salvatore J Bommarito, Coleman Glenn, John A Maher and Terri Wagner criticize New York Times for publishing June 23 article about secret Bush administration program that monitors international banking network to track terrorist funding; letters from Beatrice Williams-Rude and Leonard Novick support Times; drawing')('2006062', 'Photo shows Swedish cameraman Martin Adler after he was shot and killed during pro-Islamist rally in Mogadishu, Somalia')('2006062', 'Correction on June 21 obituary about Hollywood director Vincent Sherman regarding sequence of work on two films by his collaborators Philip and Julius Epstein')('2006062', 'June 23 article about reports that Securities and Exchange Commission is investigating Pequot Capital Management misstated investment vehicle that has been involved in many of SEC enforcement actions against hedge funds; it is Private Investments in Public Equity cases')('2006062', 'Photo of New York Yankees win against Florida Marlins')('2006062', 'Tips for finding and shopping at upscale consignment and thrift shops (S)')('2006062', 'Correction on June 23 walking tours entry in Spare Times listing')('2006062', 'June 20 article about announcement by researchers at IBM and Georgia Tech about new speed record for silicon-based semiconductors referred incorrectly to chips used in cellphones')('2006062', "June 13 review about In the Matter of J Robert Oppenheimer misstated play's date; it is from 1964")('2006062', "Perseus Books Group pres David Steinberger letter holds that he is proud to be publisher of Cathy's Book, and that he sees it as antidote to decline in teenage reading (June 17 editorial)")('2006062', 'Correction on June 16 article about Morton Morrison, 94-year-old driving instructor from Danbury, Conn, regarding school that he attended in 1929')('2006062', "June 20 report about settlement of Holcaust survivors' claims against Swiss banks imprecisely stated proportion of $1.25 billion settlement fund that is going to survivors in US")('2006062', 'June 20 Personal Health column about heart risks associated with jogging, overstated frequency of heart attacks during marathons')('2006062', 'Florida Marlins player Miguel Cabrera swings during intentional walk; base hit helps Marlins defeat Baltimore Orioles, 8-5 (M)')('2006062', 'The world soccer champions, Uruguay, are not even playing in the World Cup.')('2006062', 'The celebrations in Accra were wild, but the prospect of facing Brazil on Tuesday is sobering.')('2006062', 'Mexico is out of the World Cup, but they can leave with their pride intact.')('2006062', 'Olivia Judson explains how natural selection can, under certain circumstances, drive a population to extinction.')('2006062', 'Portuguese fans take over Ferry Street, in the Ironbound district of Newark, for an impromptu victory parade.')('2006062', 'For live updates by Duncan Irving of this afternoon\'s Portugal-Netherlands game from Nuremberg, "more." You can then hit "refresh" on your browser bar or "F5" on your keyboard for continuous coverage.')('2006062', 'Click "more" for play-by-play of the octavofinal match, LIVE as it happened at the Gottlieb-Daimler-Stadion in Stuttgart. Jeff Z. Klein describes the action. Yet more postgame Oop! I made a mistake early in the game. It was Ashley Cole who raced back to break up a Carlos Tenorio breakaway shot, not John Terry. Terry was [...]')('2006062', "Kevin Coyne Jersey column on G-fy-G, choir at Elmwood Presbyterian Church in East Orange, NJ, and its director, Hugh Davis; group has taken first place in McDonald's Gospelfest at City Center in New York; photo (M)")('2006062', "US Attorney's office in Chicago asks Federal District Judge Amy St Eve to modify or revoke Conrad Black's $20 million bail bond because asset backing bond--his home in Palm Beach, Fla--has Canadian tax lein against it and he has defaulted on mortgage; Black is scheduled to stand trial on charges that he stole more than $90 million from Hollinger International; photo (S)")('2006062', "Top American commander in Iraq Gen George W Casey has drafted plan for number of American combat brigades in Iraq to decrease to five or six from current level of 14 brigades by December 2007, with first cuts coming this September; other kinds of units will not be withdrawn as quickly; American officials emphasize that withdrawals will depend on continued progress, including development of competent Iraqi security forces; Casey has not presented formal plan for Pres Bush's approval but rather concept of how US might move forward after consulting with Iraqi authorities; photo (L)")('2006062', 'Patricia Brooks reviews Panini Cafe in Kent, Conn (S)')('2006062', 'Op-Ed article by Rick Cech on declining populations of butterflies, particularly at Ward Pound Ridge Reservation in Cross River, NY; describes several reasons and calls on governments, conservation groups and public to work together to protect and increase butterfly populations (M)')('2006062', "The Independent editor in chief Rick Murphy letter disputes Robin Finn's June 18 Island column on dispute over endangered piping plovers and fireworks in East Hampton, NY; maintains Jerry Della Femina's newspaper is not 'vanity' paper")('2006062', "Suzanne E Shapiro letter on George Sarrinikolaou's June 18 article about gentrification of Fort Greene, Brooklyn")('2006062', "Robert A Freedman letter about June 18 article about theater blurbs gives example of most honestly misleading copy he's ever seen")('2006062', 'Germany defeats Sweden, 2-0, in second round of World Cup; photo (M)')('2006062', 'Article on Hamptons area of Long Island, which each summer becomes open-air stage for television, fashion shoots and feature films; photo (M)')('2006062', 'New director Ben Goldman comments on reopening of City Without Walls art gallery in Newark, NJ, after six-month renovation, including expanded security measures; former director and education coordinator were attacked by hammer-wielding assailant late last year; photo (M)')('2006062', 'Article on mysterious disappearance of mural painted on walls of cupola of Rocky Mount, house once owned by 19th-century artist Robert Havell Jr in Ossining, NY; late Joseph Faiella, who sold property to Antonio Vellardo Inc in 1986, said he removed mural before house was demolished; other family members say they have no idea what happened to mural; photos (M)')('2006062', 'Proxy statement shows Legg Mason board granted chief executive Raymond Mason pay package worth more than $35 million for fiscal year ended March 31 as incentive to keep him focused on success of company (S)')('2006062', 'Article on mysterious disappearance of mural painted on walls of cupola of Rocky Mount, house once owned by 19th-century artist Robert Havell Jr in Ossining, NY; late Joseph Faiella, who sold property to Antonio Vellardo Inc in 1986, said he removed mural before house was demolished; other family members say they have no idea what happened to mural; photos (M)')('2006062', 'Correction of June 18 DealBook column about Goldman Sachs hiring lawyer to advise its clients on bankruptcy and restructuring; creditors, not debtors, are normally disqualified from restructuring work (S)')('2006062', 'Voters return to polls to approve seven of nine school budgets rejected across Westchester and Putnam Counties, NY; those in Eastchester, Tuckahoe, Pocantico Hills, North Salem, Mount Pleasant, Brewster and Putnam Valley approved; those in Mahopac and Hendrick Hudson in hamlet of Montrose, resubmitted without change, are rejected for second time (S)')('2006062', "Gregory Schwed letter comments on Starlee Kine's June 11 article on debt she incurred unawares when her mother signed her name to college loans and credit card accounts")('2006062', 'New hostess gowns have casual, old-time glamour with hemlines that skim grass and tops of painted toes; photos (M)')('2006062', 'Correction of June 28 article about firms that advise institutional investors on corporate governance issues; Warburg Pincus, which has ownership stake in Institutional Shareholder Services, is based in New York, not Britain (S)')('2006062', "Article on debate raised by decision by Board of Education in Fairfield, Conn, to have town's two high schools start day 20 minutes later to give students more time to sleep; photo (M)")('2006062', 'Beryn Hammil letter on June 18 article about busy people looking forward to cancellations for more free time; says it is not gift to self-employed professionals who bill on an hourly basis')('2006062', "Tina Trent letter on Sonia Ossorio's June 18 Op-Ed article on New York's statute of limitations in rape cases and use of DNA")('2006062', 'Bill Cunningham On the Street photos of June brides in their wedding gowns and Sweet 16 birthday girls in their Cinderella gowns')('2006062', "ISO New England president Gordon van Welie and Richard Stein letters on June 11 editorial on Connecticut's energy problem")('2006062', "Carin Rubenstein Generations column on identity issues that occur when parents become empty-nesters and being a parent is no longer the primary role in one's life; drawing (M)")('2006062', 'Article on teenage volunteer emergency workers in New York metropolitan area; vast majority of teens have received certification in one of first two levels of emergency service training; training at summer session at Emergency Medical Services Institute at Stamford Hospital in Connecticut and scene at Darien Emergency Services Post 53 volunteer ambulance corps, which has 58 members ranging from 14-year-old candidates to 17- and 18-year-old crew chiefs, described; photos (L)')('2006062', "Polish Amb Janusz Reiter letter disputes June 11 editorial citing anti-Semitic incident that Chief Rabbi Michael Schudrich fell victim to as example of Polish government's seeming to be intent on violating rights of minority groups")('2006062', 'Article on increasing popularity of turrets in new upscale suburban homes around New York City; variety of recent turret designs in Briarcliff Manor area of Westchester County described; photos (M)')('2006062', "Andy Andrews letter contends that NBC analyst Johnny Miller's criticism of Phil Mickelson during US Open was unfair (S)")('2006062', 'Op-Ed article by Rick Cech on declining populations of butterflies, particularly at Ward Pound Ridge Reservation in Cross River, NY; describes several reasons and calls on givernments, conservation groups and public to work together to protect and increase butterfly populations (M)')('2006062', 'Article on division among residents of Readington, NJ, where voters have authorized up to $22 million in bonds that local officials proposed to use to limit ability of Solberg-Hunterdon Airport to expand, by acquiring it if necessary; photo (M)')('2006062', 'Correction on picture caption for June 18 Evening Hours column on Robin Hood Foundation gala')('2006062', 'Article on mysterious disappearance of mural painted on walls of cupola of Rocky Mount, house once owned by 19th-century artist Robert Havell Jr in Ossining, NY; late Joseph Faiella, who sold property to Antonio Vellardo Inc in 1986, said he removed mural before house was demolished; other family members say they have no idea what happened to mural; photos (M)')('2006062', 'Article on East Rutherford and other towns in New Jersey that have adopted no-knock lists to prevent salespeople and solicitors from peddling wares or asking for donations from homeowners and apartment dwellers; lists are in addition to traditional solicitation ordinances in some cities and towns throughout state where door-to-door activity is permitted; photo (M)')('2006062', 'Op-Ed article by Rick Cech on declining populations of butterflies, particularly at Ward Pound Ridge Reservation in Cross River, NY; describes several reasons and calls on givernments, conservation groups and public to work together to protect and increase butterfly populations (M)')('2006062', 'Article on Hamptons area of Long Island, which each summer becomes open-air stage for television, fashion shoots and feature films; photo (M)')('2006062', "Vincent Donato letter on June 4 article about building fences and poet Robert Frost's take on subject")('2006062', 'Robin Finn The Island column on Kay Rosaire, exotic animal trainer who is performing with her animals for fifth consecutive summer on Long Island to support her Big Cat Habitat and Gulf Coast Sanctuary, nonprofit organization in Sarasota, Fla; photo (M)')('2006062', 'Article on teenage volunteer emergency workers in New York metropolitan area; vast majority of teens have received certification in one of first two levels of emergency service training; training at summer session at Emergency Medical Services Institute at Stamford Hospital in Connecticut and scene at Darien Emergency Services Post 53 volunteer ambulance corps, which has 58 members ranging from 14-year-old candidates to 17- and 18-year-old crew chiefs, described; photos (L)')('2006062', 'SteelCloud says chairman and chief executive Thomas Dunne resigned following board investigation into attempted exercise of certain employee stock options (S)')('2006062', 'Gerri Hirshey Home Work column on Franc, older bachelor who has been longtime steward of 5 acres of former colonial farm in western Connecticut that he has turned into beautiful garden and meadow; drawing (M)')('2006062', 'Benjamin Genocchio reviews exhibition of sculptures by Mark di Suvero and archival photos of his works by Richard Bellamy at Storm King Art Center in Mountainville, NY; photos (M)')('2006062', 'Boo')('2006062', 'Correction on June 18 Evening Hours picture caption about Northside Center for Child Development dinner')('2006062', 'Tammy La Gorce reviews Caribbean Cuisine restaurant in South Orange, NJ (S)')('2006062', 'Benjamin Genocchio reviews Best in Show: Dogs in Art From the Renaissance to the Present at Bruce Museum in Greenwich, Conn; photos (M)')('2006062', "Letters respond to David Brooks June 22 Op-Ed column contending that American universities contribute to nation's economic, political and cultural life to greater extent than their European counterparts; Jill Hetzron questions whether Brooks wore rose-colored glasses to view 'dynamic' American university system; Josef Haas says what Brooks does not discuss is exorbitant cost of basic undergraduate degree in US; William H Nathan expresses hope that Brooks will be able to write similar tribute to excellence of American universities 20 years from now; A David Wunsch says what Brooks does not acknowledge is that administration and faculty of many outstanding American schools are often dominated by political liberals; James R Maxeiner holds that Americans of modest means cannot afford to go to best universities")('2006062', 'Alice Gabriel reviews Bedford Village Pastry shop in Bedford, NY (S)')('2006062', 'Anita Gates reviews TheaterWorks production of Joanna McClelland Glass play Trying, directed by Steve Campo; Michael McGuire and Lena Kaminsky star; photo (M)')('2006062', 'Letters')('2006062', "Article on debate raised by decision by Board of Education in Fairfield, Conn, to have town's two high schools start day 20 minutes later to give students more time to sleep; photo (M)")('2006062', "Letter from James J Wynne, one of inventors of excimer laser surgery, opposes use of verb 'grind' in June 20 article describing laser eye surgery procedure known as photorefractive keratectomy")('2006062', 'Joseph Berger County Lines column on Mayor Miguel Hernandez of Ossining, NY; Hernandez, only Hispanic mayor in state and a Democrat, was chosen from among four village trustees after elected mayor resigned; he comments on what he hopes to accomplish in seven months until his term ends; photo (M)')('2006062', 'Helen Harrison article on transformation of two industrial spaces in East Hampton, NY, into Fireplace Project and Salomon Contemporary art galleries; photos (M)')('2006062', "Sidelining of Pres Bush's overhaul of immigration laws by House Republicans amounts to clear rebuke of Bush on issue he has made his signature domestic policy initiative of year; administration was overly optimistic in assessment of prospects for building bipartisan coalition in support of bill and misread depth of Republican hostility to bill; House bill would threaten Republicans' ability to broaden their appeal for Hispanic voters, but House Republicans fear angering voters who see Bush's plan as amnesty; photo (L)")('2006062', "Article on debate raised by decision by Board of Education in Fairfield, Conn, to have town's two high schools start day 20 minutes later to give students more time to sleep; photo (M)")('2006062', 'Article on Hamptons area of Long Island, which each summer becomes open-air stage for television, fashion shoots and feature films; photo (M)')('2006062', 'Joann Stephan letter d')('2006062', 'Gerri Hirshey Home Work column on Franc, older bachelor who has been longtime steward of 5 acres of former colonial farm in western Connecticut that he has turned into beautiful garden and meadow; drawing (M)')('2006062', 'The Week column; Nassau County expects to save as much as $25,000 this year by switching to re-refined motor oil in its public vehicles rather than virgin motor oil and hydraulic fluids; Suffolk County Planning Department issues report showing that retail space has more than tripled since 1970 but urges cautious approach to more than seven million square feet of additional space that has been proposed; Long Island voters approve 15 of 18 school budgets during revotes, significantly reducing number of districts that will have to resort to austerity budgets; photos (M)')('2006062', 'Shaun Breidbart letter on June 18 article about busy people suggests they schedule themselves free time instead of canceling appointments')('2006062', "Norman H Perlmutter letter comments on Rob Walker's June 11 column on Cash America, pawnbroking chain")('2006062', 'Article on East Rutherford and other towns in New Jersey that have adopted no-knock lists to prevent salespeople and solicitors from peddling wares or asking for donations from homeowners and apartment dwellers; lists are in addition to traditional solicitation ordinances in some cities and towns throughout state where door-to-door activity is permitted; photo (M)')('2006062', 'Profile of and interview with Virginia Avery of Port Chester, NY, quilter for nearly 40 years who has become one of most respected names in quilting world; Avery, who specializes in elaborate art quilts and quilted patchwork clothing, is to be inducted into Quilters Hall of Fame in Marion, Ind; photo (M)')('2006062', 'Maureen Bolton and Justine Bateman letters comment on June 11 Times Magazine issue on debt; photo')('2006062', 'Christine Lavin letter about June 18 article on theater blurbs')('2006062', 'Correction of June 18 article about minor league hockey team Danbury Trashers (S)')('2006062', 'Article on increasing popularity of turrets in new upscale suburban homes around New York City; variety of recent turret designs in Briarcliff Manor area of Westchester County described; photos (M)')('2006062', "Vincent Donato letter on June 4 article about building fences and poet Robert Frost's take on subject")('2006062', 'Barbara Shuttleworth-Loin letter about June 18 article says Maria Callas was asked to lead master classes in acting, not vocal technique')('2006062', 'Correction; June 11 review of Peter Beinart book The Good Fight gave incorrect source for quotation by Harry S Truman')('2006062', 'Gerri Hirshey Home Work column on Franc, older bachelor who has been longtime steward of 5 acres of former colonial farm in western Connecticut that he has turned into beautiful garden and meadow; drawing (M)')('2006062', "Christopher Petersen and Rahul Sharma letters comment on Jon Gertner's June 11 article on forgiving student debt")('2006062', 'Correction of June 18 picture credit with article about Chelsea artists leaving their longtime dealers')('2006062', "Photo of The Rising, Westchester County's memorial to 109 county victims of September 11, 2001, which is being assembled at Kensico Dam Plaza in Valhalla, NY")('2006062', 'City Council in Mount Vernon, NY, approves request by local taxi commission to impose temporary 50-cent surcharge on fares to offset hike in gas prices (S)')('2006062', 'Op-Ed article by Rick Cech on declining populations of butterflies, particularly at Ward Pound Ridge Reservation in Cross River, NY; describes several reasons and calls on givernments, conservation groups and public to work together to protect and increase butterfly populations (M)')('2006062', 'Gerri Hirshey Home Work column on Franc, older bachelor who has been longtime steward of 5 acres of former colonial farm in western Connecticut that he has turned into beautiful garden and meadow; drawing (M)')('2006062', 'Article on teenage volunteer emergency workers in New York metropolitan area; vast majority of teens have received certification in one of first two levels of emergency service training; training at summer session at Emergency Medical Services Institute at Stamford Hospital in Connecticut and scene at Darien Emergency Services Post 53 volunteer ambulance corps, which has 58 members ranging from 14-year-old candidates to 17- and 18-year-old crew chiefs, described; photos (L)')('2006062', 'Photo of members of Appalachian Mountain Club giving people rides in kayaks on Hudson River')('2006062', "Op-Ed page on Nov 29, 2005, and Feb 28, 2006 published articles co-written by Stephen E Flynn on need to scan shipping containers; June 19 news article reported that Flynn had been paid consultant to Science Applications International Corp, which manufactures container-scanning system; had editors known of Flynn's previous relationship with Science Aplications International, they would have made that information available to readers")('2006062', "Betram Perkel letter thanks Bob Morris for his June 18 article about his father and meaning of Father's Day")('2006062', "Carin Rubenstein Generations column on identity issues that occur when parents become empty-nesters and being a parent is no longer the primary role in one's life; drawing (M)")('2006062', "Part 10 of Jaime Hernandez's comic strip La Maggie La Loca")('2006062', 'Point guard Jay Williams, who was injured in 2003 motorcycle accident, prepares to return to NBA by working out for several teams, and looks to make most of second chance; photos (M)')('2006062', 'Article on increasing popularity of turrets in new upscale suburban homes around New York City; variety of recent turret designs in Briarcliff Manor area of Westchester County described; photos (M)')('2006062', "New Haven Mayor John DeStefano, Democrat running for governor, has been posting blogs on popular site run by Kelly Monaghan; opponent Dannel Malloy's staff says he has also interacted on blogs and DeStefano's campaign is considering online debate before primary; photo (M)")('2006062', 'Walter Gardner letter holds that you do not have to be Catholic to recognize that closing of Our Lady of Good Counsel High School in Newark constitutes serious setback for efforts to provide quality education for students most in need (Samuel G Freedman June 21 On Education column)')('2006062', 'Emily Mitchell letter on May 28 article about political vulnerability of New York State Repr Sue Kelly')('2006062', 'Editorial says New York voters should query their state legislators to demand where they stand on issue of legislative and judicial pay raises; holds judges deserve them but legislators do not')('2006062', 'Rosanne Klass letter comments on Amanda Hesser May 28 Cookbook Chronicle article')('2006062', "Tina Trent letter on Sonia Ossorio's June 18 Op-Ed article on New York's statute of limitations in rape cases and use of DNA")('2006062', "Photo of Boston Red Sox's win against Philadelphia Phillies")('2006062', "Marvin Coopersmith and Frederic L Pryor letters comment on Spike Gillespie's June 11 article on bankruptcy")('2006062', 'Senior Detroit auto executives are standing by for meeting with Pres Bush, which was supposed to have taken place in May (S)')('2006062', 'Profiles of six Russian tennis pros: Vera Zvonareva, Dinara Safina, Nadia Petrova, Elena Vesnina, Anastasia Myskina and Anna Chakvetadze; photos of them modeling tennis attire')('2006062', 'Carol Rosen letter criticizes June 18 article on busy people canceling dates to create more time for themselves')('2006062', "Joseph Berger Connecticut Journal column on US Army Sgt Katherine Knobel who, with help of her grandfather, Dr Willem Kolff, husband, Army Major Tommy Knobel and others, donated dialysis machine to Medical City Hospital in Baghdad, Iraq; Sgt Knobel's grandfather, 93, invented dialysis machine; photo (M)")('2006062', 'Carl Skutsch letter comments on June 11 article on debt run up by college students playing online poker')('2006062', 'Ramiro E Prudenc')('2006062', "Article on debate raised by decision by Board of Education in Fairfield, Conn, to have town's two high schools start day 20 minutes later to give students more time to sleep; photo (M)")('2006062', 'Richard Horwich letter contends that Pittsburgh Steelers quarterback Ben Roethlisberger and other motorcycle riders should wear full-face helmets if they want real protection during crashes, instead of regular, albeit legal, helmets (S)')('2006062', 'David Osterman and Dr John J Murphy letters on June 18 article examining importance of economic contributions of second- and third-generation immigrants')('2006062', 'Connecticut Superior Court Judge Patrick Carroll grants request from Ruth Cisero, owner of cat that bit neighbors, to serve special form of probation that could allow endangerment charge to be erased from her records; cat must stay inside house or in cage when he is outdoors for next two years; case has garnered national attention (M)')('2006062', "Anita Gates reviews Bay Street Theater revival of The Who's Tommy, directed and choreographed by Marcia Milgrom Dodge; photo (M)")('2006062', 'Photo of children playing soccer in Rio de Janeiro, where soccer thrives despite lack of direction from sport authorities')('2006062', "Vincent Donato letter on June 4 article about building fences and poet Robert Frost's take on subject")('2006062', 'Article on teenage volunteer emergency workers in New York metropolitan area; vast majority of teens have received certification in one of first two levels of emergency service training; training at summer session at Emergency Medical Services Institute at Stamford Hospital in Connecticut and scene at Darien Emergency Services Post 53 volunteer ambulance corps, which has 58 members ranging from 14-year-old candidates to 17- and 18-year-old crew chiefs, described; photos (L)')('2006062', 'Elisa DeCarlo letter about June 18 article on theater blurbs says sometimes quoting truth is best marketing (S)')('2006062', 'Correction of June 11 article about artist Linda Hartough and her golf landscapes')('2006062', 'Bill Cunningham Evening Hours photos of dinners, benefits and dances around New York City')('2006062', 'Article on East Rutherford and other towns in New Jersey that have adopted no-knock lists to prevent salespeople and solicitors from peddling wares or asking for donations from homeowners and apartment dwellers; lists are in addition to traditional solicitation ordinances in some cities and towns throughout state where door-to-door activity is permitted; photo (M)')('2006062', 'HE SHOOTS, TE')('2006062', "Robert S Keefe letter disputes June 11 The Count column on survey that showed 24 percent of Americans believe long waits in stores or offices are caused by 'too many customers'")('2006062', 'June 18 Public Editor column incorrectly indicated that Jayson Blair, former New York Times reporter who brought scandal to paper in 2003, did not receive performance evaluation during his time on metro desk')('2006062', 'Editorial says New York voters should query their state legislators to demand where they stand on issue of legislative and judicial pay raises; holds judges deserve them but legislators do not')('2006062', 'Mark Rosenstein letter about June 11 article says new conductor of New York Philharmonic must recognize importance of educating audience about pieces being performed')('2006062', "Mary Ellen O Newman and David Weinkrantz letters on Susan Jacoby's June 18 Op-Ed article about dwindling hours at New York City's public libraries")('2006062', "Steven Welzer letter disputes June 18 editorial that invokes idea of 'solidarity' among New Jersey state workers")('2006062', 'David Chen On Politics column on vitriol between incumbent US Sen Robert Menendez and his Republican opponent, Thomas Kean Jr, over their scheduled television debate; photos (M)')('2006062', 'Emergent BioSolutions, which sells anthrax vaccine to federal government, names Morehouse School of Medicine president emeritus Dr Louis Sullivan to board; photo (S)')('2006062', 'Aaron Spelling, most prolific producer in American television, who produced over 200 movies and TV shows, dies at age 83; Spelling was known as much for his wealth and enormous Hollywood mansion as for his production company; daughters Tori and Randy are actresses; photo (M)')('2006062', 'The Week column; Mayor John Fabrizi of Brigeport, Conn, publicly admits he used cocaine and abused alcohol while in office; says he stopped drinking alcohol and sought help for his drug problem about 18 months ago; members of Hartford Whalers Booster Club cheer team, now known as Carolina Hurricanes, to Stanley Cup victory; photo (M)')('2006062', "Two letters respond to June 22 editorial supporting developer Frank Sciame's scaled-down plan for World Trade Center Memorial Museum; Alice M Greenwald, director of museum, also approves of plan, but Janet M Roy holds that memorial as designed will fail and bring down with it redevelopment of downtown")('2006062', "Citigroup may eliminate its famous 136-year-old umbrella logo, adopted from Travelers Group when two merged; examples of other companies' redesigned logos (M)")('2006062', 'Stephen Schlesinger letter comments on Joe Klein June 11 review of Peter Beinart book The Good Fight2')('2006062', 'Article on East Rutherford and other towns in New Jersey that have adopted no-knock lists to prevent salespeople and solicitors from peddling wares or asking for donations from homeowners and apartment dwellers; lists are in addition to traditional solicitation ordinances in some cities and towns throughout state where door-to-door activity is permitted; photo (M)')('2006062', 'Former Computer Associates chief executive Sanjay Kumar and former top salesman Stephen Richards, without admitting or denying allegations of securities fraud and obstruction of justice, agree to permanent injunctions banning them from committing fraud again and forbidding them to hold high office in public company (S)')('2006062', "Howard Hirsch letter comments on Walter Kirn's June 11 article deploring loss of personal element in bank borrowing")('2006062', 'US Golf Assn puts total attendance at US Open at Winged Foot Golf Club in Mamaroneck, NY, at 225,000; photo (S)')('2006062', 'Article on comedians scheduled to perform at New Jersey Performing Arts Center in Newark and other New Jersey venues this summer; photos (M)')('2006062', "Vincent Donato letter on June 4 article about building fences and poet Robert Frost's take on subject")('2006062', 'Kathleen Troia McFarland says she grew up in physically abusive home and became estranged from family members, including gay brother, because she objected to his lifestyle; seeks Republican nomination over John Spencer to challenge New York Sen Hillary Rodham Clinton for her seat; her advisers make disclosure before news reports surface (M)')('2006062', 'Article on mysterious disappearance of mural painted on walls of cupola of Rocky Mount, house once owned by 19th-century artist Robert Havell Jr in Ossining, NY; late Joseph Faiella, who sold property to Antonio Vellardo Inc in 1986, said he removed mural before house was demolished; other family members say they have no idea what happened to mural; photos (M)')('2006062', "Carin Rubenstein Generations column on identity issues that occur when parents become empty-nesters and being a parent is no longer the primary role in one's life; drawing (M)")('2006062', 'Radio Free Asia pres Libby Liu letter responds to Nicholas D Kristof June 20 Op-Ed column; notes that there is large and growing number of journalists and cyber-dissidents languishing in Chinese prisons')('2006062', 'Bill Saidel and P W Jackson letters on June 18 editorial deploring low turnout in New Jersey primary elections')('2006062', 'Joseph Rutkowski letter says June 11 article about Baltimore Symphony conductor Marin Alsop neglected to mention JoAnn Falletta, female music director of Buffalo Philharmonic Orchestra')('2006062', 'Vaughn A Carney letter comments on Bob Spitz June 4 review of Leigh Montville book The Big Bam: The Life and Times of Babe Ruth')('2006062', 'Olivia Judson addresses the role that death plays in evolution.')('2006062', 'Interesting: Chris Heinz was the host of a fund-raiser for Hillary Rodham Clinton.')('2006062', "The World Cup final will be announced for the English-speaking American audience by a sportscaster to whom a very large part of that audience doesn't like listening.")('2006062', 'The Times\'s publication of an article Friday about the government\'s secret surveillance of international banking records triggered a flood of reader protests. Bill Keller, the executive editor, posted a "personal response" to the concerned readers on the Web version of the paper Sunday, explaining his decision to publish the story. Reader reaction to Mr. Keller\'s [...]')('2006062', "Mayor Bloomberg mistaken calls candidate ``congressman''")('2006062', 'A news video about Iranian soccer -- or is it?')('2006062', "Interesting chatter about Representative Gary Ackerman's investments.")('2006062', "The expanding investigation of Anthony Pellicano, a private investigator who allegedly ran illegal wiretaps in Hollywood's highest circles, has touched another figure in the financial world. The New York Times reported Monday that one of the latest names to appear in the Federal Bureau of Investigation's records in the case is Adam D. Sender, a [...]")('2006062', "Al D'Amato turns to a star speaker -- John McCain.")('2006062', 'It seems highly doubtful that antitrust cops would stand idly by while Sirius Satellite Radio bought archrival XM Satellite Radio Holdings, but that is not stopping Sirius chief executive Mel Karmazin from dreaming about such a deal. Mr. Karmazin told an audience at a conference Monday that his company would be interested in acquiring XM [...]')('2006062', 'Senator Clinton hires a blogger for her campaign')('2006062', 'I was writing a column that mentioned the Internet scam known as phishing. My seven-year-old daughter, reading over my shoulder, said, "Dad, you spelled fishing wrong."')('2006062', 'The $4.1 billion deal to take West Corporation private is getting some very public criticism. The dissent is the first major opposition to surface since a group of investors led by private equity firms Thomas H. Lee Partners and the Quadrangle Group offered to buy West, a call-center operator, late last month. The buyout has [...]')('2006062', "Inco and Falconbridge aren't the only Canadian mining companies partaking in Monday's merger mania. Gammon Lake Resources, a smaller Nova Scotia mineral explorer with properties in Mexico, agreed to take over Mexgold Resources in an all-share deal worth C$401 million ($358 million), the two companies said on Monday. The arrangement supersedes a binding letter of [...]")('2006062', "Follow Austin Kelley's live commentary on the Switzerland – Ukraine match. FINAL Ukraine does not dazzle, but they advance. In a game which featured solid defending, but lacked creative attacking, Ukraine wins it on penalties. Switzerland goes out of the tournament without giving up a single goal. But they couldn't score any today - even [...]")('2006062', 'In agreeing to buy Inco and Falconbridge in two deals worth a total of $40 billion, the mining giant Phelps Dodge is wagering that the breathtaking rise in metal prices will continue. An analyst in London told the Associated Press on Monday that "from the price they are prepared to pay, you have to infer [...]')('2006062', 'Fans of the Azzurri hail the winning goal at Le Streghe, in SoHo')('2006062', 'K.T. McFarland plans to be taking a lot of questions this week.')('2006062', "The Alternative Investment Management Association, a hedge-fund group based in Britain, said that its members outside the United States should be allowed to deregister from the Securities and Exchange Commission, just days after a federal court overturned the agency's controversial industry regulation. The association, which represents more than 1,000 hedge funds, funds of funds and [...]")('2006062', 'Buying an apartment in Paris isn\'t as hard as one would think, according to this article in The New York Times last Friday. It gives the pros and cons of buying and says deals can be found in the 17th Arrondissement. One example given is an American lawyer who "paid 1.1 million euros last year [...]')('2006062', "He's no Hobbit: George Pataki is expecting cash for his birthday.")('2006062', 'President Bush signed an executive order last week to limit the taking of private property for community development purposes, an act that was sanctioned by the Supreme Court in Kelo v. City of New London. However, some people think it may be a distraction from efforts to get state legislatures to limit those takings by [...]')('2006062', '"Finally" was the word that came to mind with Sunday\'s announcement of an agreed-upon merger between steel giants Arcelor and Mittal Steel. For five long months, Luxembourg-based Alcelor tried strategy after strategy to defend itself from Mittal\'s advances, including lockups of key assets, controversial share buybacks and even a proposed tie-up with Russia\'s Severstal. In [...]')('2006062', 'Lion Capital a private equity firm based in London, said Monday that it had agreed to buy American Safety Razor in a deal that values the company at $625 million. Lion Capital, an offshoot of Hicks Muse Tate & Furst, said it would buy the company, which is based in Cedar Knolls, N.J., from the [...]')('2006062', 'And then there were none. McClatchy announced Monday that it had reached an agreement to sell the Times Leader of Wilkes-Barre, Pa., the last of the 12 newspapers that it decided to exclude from its $4.5 billion acquisition of Knight Ridder. An investor group led by Richard Connor, who was editor and publisher of the [...]')('2006062', '20 labor leaders "have allowed their support for marriage equality to be made public" for the first time, the Empire State Pride Agenda says.')('2006062', 'Two research shops had opposing takes on Johnson & Johnson\'s victory in the auction for Pfizer\'s consumer-products unit. It won with a $16.6 billion bid. At UBS, analysts said the news "should not be surprising" given all the recent accounts of companies hovering around the Pfizer unit, whose brands include Listerine mouthwash and Benadryl decongestant. [...]')('2006062', 'Is there a system for selection? No!')('2006062', 'John Faso, before and after.')('2006062', 'The venture-capital market is doing great - if the only measure is how much money venture funds are attracting. The problem, as venture capitalist Paul Kedrosky pointed out in his blog on Monday, is that the market is "not scalable." His takeaway from a recent panel discussion hosted by the Venture Capital Journal was that [...]')('2006062', 'Readers respond to Bob Herbert\'s June 25 column, "Playing Politics With Iraq" Mark Huberman, Los Angeles: Instead of flags, they ought to drape soldiers\' coffins with Mission Accomplished banners. If they find the remains of those tortured men they can drape the coffins with the administration\'s disowning of the Geneva Conventions. Just an idea. You [...]')('2006062', 'Readers respond to David Brooks\'s June 24 column, "Respect Must Be Paid." Alan Beckoff, Hollis Hills, N.Y.: It is interesting and ironic that often you decry the current abysmal level of political discourse in this country - and properly so - yet you take an entirely gratuitous cheap shot at Kos by calling him the [...]')('2006062', 'Revisiting one of his favorite subjects, Jonathan Chait writes in his Los Angeles Times column that the Democrats don\'t need New Ideas [$] or A Big Philosophy [$] because they already have one (though Chait doesn\'t speak its name): pragmatism. The Democrats are the party of "operating on a case-by-case basis," Chait says. He writes: [...]')('2006062', 'J.P. Morgan Chase\'s Jamie Dimon edged out Morgan Stanley\'s John Mack as "the smartest C.E.O. on Wall Street" in an opinion poll conducted by New York magazine that is about as unscientific as it gets. Of 100 respondents that the magazine accosted "outside their offices to check on how bullish they feel," 21 said Mr. [...]')('2006062', 'An arm of the General Electric Company said on Monday it planned to acquire six senior housing portfolios worth $1.4 billion from Formation Capital. The unit, GE Healthcare Financial Services, said it expected the deal to close in the third quarter of 2006, and will bring the value of its real estate investments to more [...]')('2006062', 'Follow the Italy-Australia octavofinal with Victor Mather here.')('2006062', 'TXU Electric Delivery, a unit of electricity provider TXU, said on Monday it had signed a 10-year, $8.7 billion agreement for utility design, construction and maintenance services with InfrastruX Energy Services. InfrastruX Energy is a joint venture between TXU and InfrastruX Group, a provider of infrastructure construction and maintenance services. The venture will provide maintenance, [...]')('2006062', "The former Securities and Exchange lawyer whose dismissal helped draw attention to a stalled investigation into Pequot Capital Management has agreed to appear before a Senate hearing on hedge funds, CNBC's Squawk Blog reported Monday. The lawyer, Gary J. Aguirre, who spearheaded the S.E.C.'s examination of possible insider trading at the prominent hedge fund until [...]")('2006062', 'This week\'s issue of Barron\'s includes the following mergers- and acquisitions-related chatter: The "abysmal performance" of Playboy\'s stock, along with its undervalued assets, makes the venerable adult-entertainment company attractive, especially for "private equity types," some of whom might believe "they could run it better than Christie Hefner. Ms. Hefner said Playboy\'s not for sale. Go [...]')('2006062', "On Saturday night, K.T. McFarland's campaign for U.S. Senate was in full damage-control mode.")('2006062', 'International Paper said on Monday it had agreed to sell its kraft papers business to Stone Arcade Acquisition in a deal worth up to $215 million. International Paper, which is shedding assets to focus on its uncoated papers and packaging businesses, said Stone will pay $155 million in cash for the business, plus two payments [...]')('2006062', "Mobilcom's top investor, the Texas Pacific Group, is pressing for a compromise in a row involving dissident shareholders opposing mobilcom's merger with freenet.de. Texas Pcific, a private equity firm, has a stake of nearly 29 percent stake in mobilcom, a German telecoms group that wants to merge with freenet, its Internet unit. A German judge [...]")('2006062', 'New York writer Suketu Mehta notes in The Wall Street Journal that Reader\'s Digest "found Bombay - now officially called Mumbai - to be the rudest city on earth," while New York was the politest. The survey\'s "three tests of politeness" (saying "Thank you," opening doors for others, and picking up "dropped papers" for strangers) [...]')('2006062', "Italy's biggest insurer, Generali, plans to buy a smaller local rival, Toro Assicurazioni, in a 3.85 billion euro ($4.84 billion) cash deal. The deal, in which Generali will pay a 27 percent premium to Toro's closing price on Friday, will make Generali the top insurer in Italy's lucrative non-life sector with a 22 percent market [...]")('2006062', 'Holcim, a Swiss maker of building materials, agreed to buy a cement maker, the Meyer Material Company, for $231 million, to expand in the United States. Meyer, based near Chicago, produces aggregates, ready-mix concrete and concrete paving products. Holicm, based in Jona, Switzerland, is making the acquisition through its Aggregate Industries subsidiary. Go to Article [...]')('2006062', 'The young Wall Streeter arrested for running a far-flung, insider-trading ring that racked up $7 million in ill-gotten gains has traded in his old lawyer for one specializing in white-collar crime. The trader, Eugene Plotkin, who has been unable to make bail since he was jailed in mid-April, recently fired Martin Schmukler, a legal eagle [...]')('2006062', "The former chairman of AOL Time Warner, Steve Case, learned as early as 2000 about transactions that allowed the company to overstate revenue ahead of its merger with Time Warner, according to court documents unsealed on Friday. Mr. Case learned in a Dec. 6, 2000, e-mail from an AOL board member, Miles Gilburne, that AOL's [...]")('2006062', "The bankrupt cable TV operator Adelphia Communications sued Motorola this week for more than $1 billion, alleging that Motorola assisted in the fraud that led to Adelphia's collapse in 2002. Motorola, which denies the charge, was one of two prime suppliers of TV set-top boxes to Adelphia, whose founder has been sentenced to prison for [...]")('2006062', "In a move that may have significant repercussions for the planned $11 billion merger of the Constellation Energy Group and the FPL Group, Maryland's lawmakers Friday overrode Gov. Robert L. Ehrlich's veto of a bill that both fires the state's Public Service Commission and provides temporary rate relief for residential customers of Baltimore Gas & [...]")('2006062', "The founder of Weiss Research, Martin Weiss, agreed to pay about $2.1 million to settle a legal action by the Securities and Exchange Commission that claimed the newsletter publisher misled subscribers about the performance of its investment recommendations. The S.E.C.'s allegations focus on a service Weiss provided called auto trading where subscribers could authorize brokers [...]")('2006062', "An examination of thousands of pages of depositions from participants in the dispute over compensation awarded to former New York Stock Exchange Chairman Richard Grasso, as well as other recent court filings, highlights the financial spoils available to those in Wall Street's top tier. It also shines a light on deeply flawed governance practices and [...]")('2006062', 'A Justice Department lawyer pressed a federal judge on Friday to dismiss a lawsuit against AT&T over a government surveillance operation. But the plaintiffs maintained that the case could go forward even if some aspects were set aside on national security grounds. The Justice Department arguments came during the first court hearing over whether government [...]')('2006062', 'Home Depot, the home-improvement retailer, said Friday that the Securities and Exchange Commission had begun an informal inquiry into its stock-option practices and procedures. In a regulatory filing, Home Depot said it would cooperate with the inquiry and it expected no weakening of its consolidated financial position or results of operations, though it noted that [...]')('2006062', 'In the world of hedge funds, where timing seems to be everything, Arthur J. Samberg is a survivor. He and a partner went into business in 1986, only to lose much of their money in the 1987 stock market crash. He survived that, though, and until recently his timing has been far better. But now, [...]')('2006062', 'Talisman Capital Management has acquired two audience response device companies and is combining them to create a new platform, Turning Tech Holdings. Talisman, of Dublin, Ohio., bought Turning Technologies and Responsive Innovations from the founders of the companies, Mike Broderick, Mike Crosby and Don Arthurs. Go to Article from LBO Wire »')('2006062', "Gryphon Investors has found a buyer for its Eight O'Clock Coffee brand in India's largest coffee growing company, Tata Coffee. Tata is paying $220 million, more than twice what Gryphon paid for the company in 2003 when it bought it from Great Atlantic & Pacific Tea for $108 million. Go to Article from LBO Wire [...]")('2006062', 'A British hotel company, De Vere, has accepted an 825 pence-a-share ($15-a-share) takeover from the Alternative Hotel Group, valuing the operator of the Belfry golfing hotel at 724 million pounds. The recommended deal follows an abortive last-ditch attempt by Permira to submit an 840-pence offer for De Vere, which runs a portfolio of 18 four- [...]')('2006062', 'Richard Baker has enough wallet to buy the storied retailer Lord & Taylor - but does he have the stomach to make it work? That\'s what retail watchers are asking after Baker\'s NRDC Equity Partners ponied up $1.2 billion to buy the struggling 48-store chain. "Buying a retail chain is a lot different than buying [...]')('2006062', "EMI, the world's third largest music company, is seeking private equity backing to mount a $1.5 billion bid for Bertelsmann's BMG Music Publishing, The Times of London reported. Venture capital backing would allow EMI to retain the resources to bid separately for Warner Music, though its initial $4.2 billion offer was rebuffed last month. Go [...]")('2006062', "The seventh and largest fund rolled out by Essex Woodlands Health Ventures to date puts Houston's pioneer life sciences investment vehicle in the upper echelon. The $600 million raised by The Woodlands, Tex.-based Essex ties for second in terms of pure health care funds since 1997, according to the National Venture Capital Association. MPM BioVentures, [...]")('2006062', "At first blush, East India Company Acquisition, which filed for its initial public offering on June 13, sounds like it could make a promising investment. After all, in its filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission, the company says it will identify and invest in business opportunities in India. But the prospectus for the company's [...]")('2006062', "An ethanol producer, Aventine Renewable Energy, headlines this week's initial public offerings. The offering comes on the heels of No. 2 ethanol producer VeraSun Energy's red-hot I.P.O., which priced above expectations and surged 30 percent when it made its market debut earlier this month. Aventine, a producer and marketer of the clean-burning alternative fuel, plans [...]")('2006062', 'Next week, J.Crew Group, the once-struggling retailer known for its colorful preppy clothing, plans to go public in what is being touted as one of the biggest retail I.P.O.s in recent years. How successful J.Crew will be in the public market is unclear, but its success with consumers has been a bright spot in an [...]')('2006062', "Hynix Semiconductor of South Korea and its creditors completed a $1.5 billion stake sale on Sunday, the main creditor, Korea Exchange Bank, said, after negotiations about the allocation of shares had temporarily stalled the deal. Hynix, the world's No.2 maker of memory chips, and its creditors already priced about 54 million existing and new shares, [...]")('2006062', "Emeco, an Australian supplier of earthmoving equipment, intends to raise as much as 1.1 billion Australian dollars ($804 million) in a public share sale, capitalizing on the nation's surge in minerals and energy exports. The company will sell shares at between 2.10 and 2.50 Australian dollars each, Perth, Western Australia-based Emeco said on Monday. Local [...]")('2006062', "The mortgage company Novastar Financial is suing some of Wall Street's largest firms for helping short sellers batter its stock for the past three years. In its lawsuit, St. Louis-based Novastar charged that financial giants such as Banc of America Securities, Bear Stearns, Morgan Stanley and Goldman Sachs disregarded proper procedures and lent the stock [...]")('2006062', "The beleaguered Russian oil company Yukos has petitioned the British financial regulator to halt a multibillion-dollar initial public offering of its rival Rosneft on the London Stock Exchange, claiming the bulk of the latter's oil assets were illegally expropriated from Yukos itself. Rosneft, Russia's state oil company, plans to raise as much as $11.6 billion [...]")('2006062', "Bill Kridel wants to give you exposure to cancer and only cancer, if that's what you want. Mr. Kridel is not an evil geneticist, but a Wall Street wizard. His international investment banking firm Ferghana Partners may not have the household-name recognition of retail brokerage houses, but within the life science industry he is a [...]")('2006062', 'The Wall Street juggernaut that just produced the best six months of earnings in the history of the securities industry is not about to stumble because of a seven-week market slump. –Morgan Stanley has a bigger lineup of takeover assignments than it did three months ago; –Goldman Sachs is hiring about 2,000 people this year; [...]')('2006062', 'Morgan Stanley, the second-biggest securities firm in the world, is in talks to settle a lawsuit that accuses the company of discrimination against some of its female brokers. The law firms that filed the suit, Mehri & Skalet and Sprenger & Lang, filed a suit in Washington, D.C., on behalf of "all female financial advisers" [...]')('2006062', 'Eurotunnel, which runs the railway tunnel linking Britain and France, rejected a Deutsche Bank debt-reduction plan, saying the proposal favors bondholders over shareholders and senior creditors. The plan, which would include the sale of 780 million euros ($980 million) in new stock, competes with a debt agreement Eurotunnel signed in late May with a group [...]')('2006062', "Since taking over as Bank of America's chairman and chief executive five years ago, Kenneth D. Lewis has made some big bets. In 2003, he snapped up FleetBoston and then last June swooped in to buy MBNA to become the country's largest credit card issuer. Now, he has plans to expand the investment banking operations [...]")('2006062', 'Australian engineering and services firm United Group said on Monday it had acquired a U.S.-based corporate real estate services company for A$163 million ($119 million). United said the purchase of Equis would be funded through a A$125 million institutional equity placement and a share purchase plan, along with committed debt facilities. Go to Article from [...]')('2006062', "Michael D. Eisner, the former chief of the Walt Disney Company, has acquired Team Baby, a producer of sports videos for infants and toddlers in a deal expected to be announced on Monday, according to news reports. The company, Team Baby Entertainment, makes DVD's that highlight college athletic teams while, at the same time, teaching [...]")('2006062', 'Fiat, the Italian car maker that was languishing close to bankruptcy two years ago, is on the verge of buying back a prized stake in Ferrari. The carmaker is in the process of selling off disposable assets to raise cash to buy back the stake. It is expected to pay 800 million euros to 850 [...]')('2006062', 'Tribune is likely to succeed today in its effort to buy back as much as 25 percent of its stock, gaining an interim victory over boardroom critics who recently called for a breakup of the company, which owns the Chicago Tribune, the Los Angeles Times, KTLA-TV Channel 5, the Chicago Cubs baseball team and other [...]')('2006062', "OneSteel, Australia's second-biggest steelmaker, will buy Smorgon Steel Group for 1.6 billion Australian dollars ($1.2 billion) to expand into scrap metal and cut costs to fend off imports from China, South Korea and Taiwan. The cash and stock offer values Melbourne-based Smorgon at 1.76 Australian dollars a share, 31 percent higher than the June 23 [...]")('2006062', 'The auction for Univision, the Spanish-language media company, was put into more doubt over the weekend as it emerged that a bid from a group led by Grupo Televisa, the Mexican media giant, was much lower than expected, The New York Times reported. The bid, originally believed to be worth about $36 a share, was [...]')('2006062', "Warren E. Buffett, the chairman of Berkshire Hathaway and one of the world's wealthiest men, plans to donate the bulk of his $44 billion fortune to the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation and four other philanthropies starting in July. The donations represent a singular and historic act of charitable giving that vaults him into the [...]")('2006062', 'After a bitter battle, Arcelor agreed on Sunday to a merger valued at 26.8 billion euros, or about $33.53 billion, with a rival, Mittal Steel, creating a new steel giant. The deal would combine Arcelor – a symbol of successful, pan-European cooperation and economic revival, with operations that span Belgium, France, Luxembourg and Spain – [...]')('2006062', "Phelps Dodge, the world's largest copper producer, said Monday it would acquire two of the biggest nickel miners in a huge deal worth $40 billion. The acquisition of Inco and Falconbridge would create a mining behemoth that will reshape the industry as commodity prices continue to soar. The transaction ends a yearlong battle over Inco [...]")('2006062', "Johnson & Johnson, the drug maker, said Monday it will buy the consumer product unit of Pfizer, which includes household brands like Listerine and Sudafed, for $16.6 billion. The deal would add Johnson & Johnson's stable of brands – which includes Tylenol, and Neutrogena – with Pfizer's lineup including Rolaids antacid, Benadryl allergy medicine, Rogaine [...]")('2006062', 'Warren Buffett\'s commitment to give the bulk of his $44 billion fortune to Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation and four other philanthropies is "the largest in philanthropic history, a record previously held by Bill and Melinda Gates, who have given away more than $29 billion," according to the Chronicle of Philanthropy. The gift will be [...]')('2006062', 'The week in deal-making began with a bang as several multibillion-dollar transactions, including two involving Phelps Dodge with a combined value of $40 billion, were unveiled Sunday and early Monday. About $74 billion of the deals was related to metals - specifically, nickel and steel - underscoring the dramatic effect that rising commodities prices are [...]')('2006062', 'In this lesson, students research North Korea, the Cold War and regional geopolitics in preparation for participating in an international round table. For homework, they write essays on what action they think needs to be taken to discourage North Korea from continuing to pursue nuclear weapons.')('2006062', "Quote of the tournament? Portugal's Luiz Felipe Scolari, explaining his captain's loss of cool during the match against the Dutch yesterday: Jesus Christ may be able to turn the other cheek, but Luis Figo isn't Jesus Christ.")('2006062', 'Roundup of recent executive appointments (S)')('2006062', 'Letter from James H Wendorf, executive director of National Center for Learning Disabilities, lauds Brent Staples (June 19 Editorial Observer) for description of educational and financial consequences of intructional failure in schools; cites federal law supporting early intervention programs for reading and other encouraging signs')('2006062', 'MGM Mirage adds Studio Daniel Libeskind, Murphy/Jane Architects and Rockwell Group to its roster of celebrity architects to design 66-acre development in heart of Los Vegas; Project CityCenter will be mixed use complex with hotels, casinos and retail space to be built in Nov 2009 on site between Monte Carlo and Bellagio on Vegas strip (S)')('2006062', 'Outdoor Life Network will add live and classic boxing to programming (S)')('2006062', 'Two letters comment on June 19 article listing reasons for disliking spending time at beach; Debbie Georgens says she and her family prefer beach during off-season; Rena Trefman Cobrinik appreciates reasons for disliking beach but still enjoys it herself; drawing')('2006062', "Three letters comment on June 23 article and June 22 editorial about Republicans' call for public hearings on immigration; Ruth A Wooden, president of Public Agenda, calls hearings delaying tactic; Theodore S Voelker says delay that would be caused by public hearings is indicative of Republicans' mean-spiritedness and is disgraceful reflection on themselves and nation comprised of immigrants; David Holzman, who terms himself liberal, says he supports House immigration bill because America does not need any more immigrants")('2006062', 'Kelefa Sanneh reviews new CD by Shawnna (M)')('2006062', 'Medora Bross Geary letter decries casual waste of energy during summer when so many businesses in New York City leave their doors open so air-conditioning flows onto street (June 20 article)')('2006062', "Nancy Shapiro letter agrees with June 19 Op-Ed article by Sara Bennett and Nancy Kalish about overburdening children with 'vacation homework'; blames overcompetitive parents and calls for relieving children of extreme pressure to let them enjoy their youth")('2006062', "Nate Chinen reviews new CD's by Brad Mehldau Trio and Brad Mehldau and Renee Fleming; photo (M)")('2006062', 'Photo of costumed marchers in annual New York City gay pride parade')('2006062', 'Bonnie Fuller renews contract with American Media as editorial director of Star magazine; will earn same $1.5 million annual base salary as current contract and is guaranteed annual bonus of at least $500,000, based on performance of Star, for guaranteed minimum of $2 million; photo (M)')('2006062', 'Most Wanted column on rankings of Meryl Street movies, television shows, DVD rentals, magazines, music albums and music downloads; photo (M)')('2006062', "Nate Chinen reviews new CD by Tim O'Reagan; photo (M)")('2006062', "Former Disney chief Michael Eisner's Tornante Co reportedly acquires Team Baby Entertainment, producer of sports. videos for infants and toddlers; terms are not disclosed (S)")('2006062', 'Roundup of recent advertising account changes (S)')('2006062', 'Jon Pareles reviews new CD by Sara Tavares; photo (M)')('2006062', 'TNT and USA Network tie fo¿')('2006062', 'Photos of doubleheader between New York Yankees and Florida Marlins')('2006062', 'Anheuser-Busch completes agreements with NBC to be exclusive sponsor in beer category for Super Bowl games in 2009 and 2012 (S)')('2006062', 'Brazos Bookstore,')('2006062', 'Photo from Fun Home: A Family Tragicomic by Alison Bechdel0')('2006062', 'IAC/InterActive Corp will for first time sell advertising for independent Web sites, beginning with Huffington Post (S)')('2006062', 'Barbara Commins letter, prompted by June 19 Paul Krugman Op-Ed column about partisan divide, says Americans are ready for change and hopes Democrats focus on important issues rather than being distracted by Republicans')('2006062', 'Photo of mobile home park in Seaford, Del, after heavy rain and flooding')('2006062', "Bela Liptak letter, prompted by June 23 article about Pres Bush's visit to Hungary, calls for recognition of Hungary's minorities, who seek freedom and cultural autonomy")('2006062', 'Actress Nicole Kidman marries country singer Keith Urban in Sydney, Australia; photo (S)')('2006062', 'Kelefa Sanneh reviews new CD by Paris Hilton (M)')('2006062', 'Charles F Dolan letter contends that his son, Madison Square Garden chairman James Dolan has done commendable job overseeing New York Knicks (M)0')('2006062', 'Four letters comment on June 21 article and editorial about effect on New Orleans residents of Hurricane Katrina; Frederick Streets, psychiatric social worker, says it is very difficult for people to be living with storm remnants and feeling of being left behind to fend for themselves; Richard Nelson cites horrors of life in New Orleans and says depression gripping residents is not surprising; D C Montague blames leaders for failing to develop rebuilding plan; Steve Feldman says rebuilding cannot be done quickly')('2006062', 'I had arrived in Albania hoping to discover an untrammeled paradise hidden in the Balkans. What I found instead was a deeply weird place.')('2006062', 'Okay, so let me respond to the points that readers made below about Chinese education. Here goes.... "They memorize facts but don\'t know how to think; they are full of information but not ideas." I think that argument holds to some degree about Japan and South Korea, but much less about China. I used to [...]')('2006062', 'Here are some comments from the mailbag on today\'s column on China\'s education system. Martin Stein from nyc writes: "Maybe when the brightest from other countries cannot be imported here because their homelands have become more attractive to live in, we will start nurturing our own youth. We are like a baseball team winning with [...]')('2006062', "José Pekerman is coaching the Argentine team in the shadow of his predecessors, but he's doing it his way.")('2006062', 'The Democrats demand an investigation of Vito Fossella.')('2006062', 'Debate questions for Spitzer and Suozzi.')('2006062', 'A bankruptcy judge said Tuesday he would allow cable company Adelphia Communications to sell itself to Time Warner Cableand Comcast for nearly $17 billion in cash and stock. Judge Robert Gerber of the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York indicated Tuesday that he would sign an order approving the long-awaited sale [...]')('2006062', 'You can see the perspective-altering talks given at TED (Technology * Entertainment * Design) in online videos.')('2006062', 'Cisco Systems, Yahoo and Affiliated Computer Services are some of the many companies that have recently started share repurchase plans or increased the size of previous ones. These kinds of announcements usually win gold stars from analysts and pundits, who consider them a prudent way to funnel cash back to investors. TheStreet.com puts a negative [...]')('2006062', "Renault and Michelin have been celebrating Sunday's victory at the Canadian Grand Prix a little more loudly than usual – but with good reason. It was the 100th victory for Michelin in Formula One, and lifts it to second position in that area, behind Goodyear, which has won nearly four times as many races. Bridgestone, [...]")('2006062', 'Follow the Spain-France octavofinal with Victor Mather here. Final A famous victory for France and the players are ecstatic. Even if they lose to Brazil in the quarters, this veteran team has given the fans one to remember. Thuram, Zidane and Makalele all came out of international retirement to guide France to another Cup and [...]')('2006062', 'City Councilman David Weprin, before and after.')('2006062', 'The steelmaker wants to merge with Mittal, but not all investors are on board.')('2006062', "For Oracle's Larry Ellison, a charitable donation also settles a lawsuit.")('2006062', 'Merrill Lynch, Morgan Stanley and Lehman Brothers sue a Web site for copyright infringement.')('2006062', 'White zinfandel: really so bad? The Pour will take a little break.')('2006062', 'It is a tale of one office building in a perpetually hot part of New York and two financial-services rivals that happen to share similar names. Morgan Stanley has taken out a long-term lease on all office space at 522 Fifth Avenue in midtown Manhattan, just as J.P. Morgan Asset Management moves out this summer, [...]')('2006062', 'The allegations by the Securities and Exchange Commission that Democratic ur-blogger Jerome Armstrong, an adviser to presumed presidential candidate Mark Warner, took money from a technology company to hype the company\'s stock on Internet bulletin boards have bolstered the suspicions in blogdom that Armstrong trades "on his reputation - and his friendship with [Markos "Daily [...]')('2006062', 'One can imagine this scene in one of the telenovelas, or Spanish-languange soap operas, that runs on Univision. A jilted groom stands at the altar, groaning bitterly and hinting at revenge. In real life, Univision, a broadcaster that caters to Hispanic audiences in the United States, ran off with an investor group led by the [...]')('2006062', "We're planning to visit Hong Kong this summer, although I know it's going to be terribly hot. Can you recommend things to do and see? - Ju Hyung Kim, Seoul, South Korea")('2006062', 'Mel Karmazin was quoted on Monday as saying that he would "love" for his Sirius Satellite Radio to acquire its archrival, XM Satellite Radio, but that the cost and regulatory hurdles would make such a deal all but impossible. Shares of both companies surged after his remarks, made during the Convergence 2.0 conference in New [...]')('2006062', '.flickr-photo { border: solid 2px #000000; } .flickr-yourcomment { } .flickr-frame { text-align: left; padding: 3px; } .flickr-caption { font-size: 0.8em; margin-top: 0px; } Astoria Reacts, Photo: Rob Mackey. 2-0! Brazilians in Queens celebrate the second goal at Made in Brazil in Astoria.')('2006062', 'In this lesson, students learn about the trial of an automated cardiopulmonary resuscitation (CPR) machine. They then investigate and role play first aid responses to a variety of emergency scenarios.')('2006062', 'Phelps Dodge\'s proposed takeover of nickel producers Inco and Falconbridge is just the latest deal involving foreign takeovers of large Canadian companies. Other recent targets have been Molson, Hudson\'s Bay, Dofasco and Fairmont Hotels and Resorts. All of which has rekindled concerns about whether there has been a "hollowing out" of corporate Canada, The Globe [...]')('2006062', 'Click "more" for play by play of the octavofinal match, LIVE as it happened at the Westfalenstadion in Dortmund. Jeff Z. Klein describes the action.')('2006062', 'A reader reports that John Faso, the Republican candidate for governor, held a breakfast at the Regency this morning with 50+ wealthy Manhattan businesspeople.')('2006062', "Everything you always wanted to know - and much, much more -- about Oswald Gruebel is available from Bloomberg News's 4,200-word profile of the Credit Suisse chief executive. Every epic needs a hero. The challenge here is that the unassuming Mr. Gruebel is an unlikely one. Yes, he might be turning Credit Suisse around after [...]")('2006062', "Spain's coach Luis Aragonés last night refused to apologise before this evening's second-round game against France")('2006062', 'The media group Tribune, which has been warring with its second-largest shareholder over the fate of the company, gave an update Tuesday on a share buyback plan that has been a major point of contention. The company said that as a result of its so-called Dutch auction tender offer, Tribune expects to repurchase 45 million [...]')('2006062', "What's your debate question for Tom and Eliot?")('2006062', 'Citizens Banking said on Tuesday it would buy Republic Bancorp for about $1.05 billion of stock and cash in a merger of two Michigan banks. The terms value Republic at $13.86 a share, a 31 percent premium over its $10.57 closing price Monday on Nasdaq. Shareholders will receive the equivalent of 0.4378 of a Citizens [...]')('2006062', 'Industrial Alliance Insurance and Financial Services said on Tuesday it would buy a mutual fund brokerage firm, FundTrade, but did not disclose the terms of the deal. Industrial Alliance said FundTrade would be integrated with FundEX Investments, a mutual fund brokerage firm in which Industrial Alliance holds a 91.75 percent share. The combined operations of [...]')('2006062', 'Sara Lee on Tuesday said it had reached an agreement to sell its European meats business to Smithfield Foods for $575 million in cash and the assumption of $39 million in pension and other liabilities. Sara Lee, which is selling units to sharpen its focus on core businesses such as food, beverage, household and body-care [...]')('2006062', "A judge denied a government request on Monday to revoke Conrad Black's $20 million bond, a move sought by prosecutors who claimed the former press baron had not fully disclosed his assets. Judge Amy St. Eve of the United States District Court did order that $5.8 million Lord Black is about to receive for prepaying [...]")('2006062', 'Can Warren Buffett and Bill Gates do anything to get free trade negotations back on track? "[S]uccess in the Doha round of international trade talks would give the world more every year than what Buffett can give once after a lifetime of being the world\'s most successful investor," blogs Harvard economist Greg Mankiw. Crooked Timber [...]')('2006062', 'Shares of major orthopedics makers tumbled on Monday after four companies said they had received subpoenas from the Justice Department as part of a sectorwide investigation of possible antitrust violations. The companies, Biomet; DePuy, a subsidiary of Johnson & Johnson; and Stryker announced their subpoenas on Monday. A fourth company, Zimmer Holdings, disclosed on Friday [...]')('2006062', 'With earnings growth lackluster and the share price stagnant, the directors of Kraft Food yesterday ousted the chief executive, Roger K. Deromedi, and named Irene B. Rosenfeld to succeed him. Mr. Deromedi had been at Kraft for 28 years and chief executive since 2001. Go to Article from The New York Times »')('2006062', 'Patterson-UTI Energy, an onshore oil and natural gas driller, said yesterday that federal regulators were investigating whether securities laws were violated in the embezzlement of $77.8 million by a former chief financial officer. The company, based in Snyder, Tex., said in a regulatory filing that it had received a letter from the Securities and Exchange [...]')('2006062', 'Proposed rules that would make it harder for national banking regulators to thwart foreign takeovers will be put to European Union ministers in the near future in a bid to end "brutal violations" of E.U. law, a top official said Monday. Alexander Schaub, head of the European Commission\'s internal market unit, said that proposals to [...]')('2006062', 'The two main industrial shareholders of EADS, the parent company of Airbus, have agreed in principle to streamline the management structure - potentially pushing out the embattled French co-chief executive, Nöel Forgeard, a person close to both companies said Monday. But disagreements remain over who should lead the company as it scrambles to recover from [...]')('2006062', "The Supreme Court announced Monday that it would consider a lawsuit that accuses the nation's largest telephone companies of violating federal antitrust law by conspiring to carve up local markets to preserve their monopolies. AT&T, Verizon and Qwest asked the court to rule after they failed to persuade an appeals court that the large consumer [...]")('2006062', 'European Commission authorities plan to recommend that Microsoft pay up to two million euros ($2.5 million) for every day it has failed to disclose information about its operating system to competitors, The International Herald Tribune reported. Microsoft was required to provide information to its rivals on the inner workings of its Windows operating system under [...]')('2006062', "Warren E. Buffett's decision to donate the bulk of his Berkshire Hathaway holdings will certainly transform the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation. But will the move change Berkshire Hathaway, too? Not for a while, investors and analysts say. Mr. Buffett's plan calls for him to start giving away more than $30 billion worth of Berkshire [...]")('2006062', "The withdrawal of buyout firms from prominent deals, such as the defection of Carlyle, Blackstone and KKR from the Univision auction, reflects concerns not only about price, but also about the cost of financing these deals, says Breakingviews. For years they've had access to low-cost funds on easy terms. But with risk aversion on the [...]")('2006062', 'A month after Telmar Network Technology was acquired by Warburg Pincus, the telecom equipment maker has sealed its first add-on deal, acquiring Somera Communications for $4.60 a share in cash. Somera said the offer represents a premium of whopping 123% over its closing share price of $2.06 on Friday. As of March 6, Somera had [...]')('2006062', 'Pyxis Technology said Monday it raised $9.2 million in second round funding. Santa Clara-based Pyxis, a design-for-manufacturability routing company, said funding was led by Menlo Park-based Formative Ventures. Also participating were first round investors Austin Ventures of Austin, Tex., and CMEA Ventures of San Francisco. Go to Article from Silicon Valley/San Jose Business Journal »')('2006062', 'TZero Technologies, a developer of ultra wideband chips used to wirelessly transmit video inside of households, has raised a $25.5 million Series B round of funding to help it start marketing and selling to equipment manufacturers. The round, closed on May 31, was led by new investor OVP Venture Partners, with participation from new investor [...]')('2006062', 'The Dutch-Belgian financial services group Fortis said on Tuesday it would buy two North American power and gas trading companies for about 330 million euros ($415 million). Fortis, one of the 10 biggest insurers in Europe, said it would acquire Cinergy Marketing & Trading and Cinergy Canadaboth from Duke Energy. The base purchase price is [...]')('2006062', 'An organ regeneration company Tengion said that it had raised $50 million in Series B financing for its artificial bladder trials and manufacturing infrastructure. The company plans to do its manufacturing by itself, with no partner in the United States. New investors Bain Capital, investing through Bain Capital Ventures and a public equity affiliate, Brookside [...]')('2006062', 'Casual-clothing retailer J. Crew Group leads a $1.3-billion wave of nine initial public offerings this week that may decide whether last week\'s 11 cancellations marked the start of a slump or just a hiccup for the busiest I.P.O. market since 2000. "The summer is going to be an important test," Larry Wieseneck, co-head of global [...]')('2006062', 'A group working to create a Boston-based online community bank targeting African-Americans is changing the terms of its public offering to give it more time to meet federal requirements for the number of shareholders. BankBlackwell, which bills itself as the first African-American Internet bank, yesterday extended the deadline for investors to participate in its offering [...]')('2006062', 'It is, for now, a mostly unproven promise: "We take seriously our responsibility for environmental stewardship and believe that as a leading global financial institution we should play a constructive role in helping to address the challenges facing the environment." But even the promise is a big deal–mostly because the statement comes from Goldman Sachs, [...]')('2006062', 'The Federal Reserve Board said yesterday that it had released Citigroup from an enforcement action taken two years ago for violating a law on deceptive lending practices. In May 2004, Citigroup was fined $70 million and cited for weak controls and lying to banking regulators. As part of the cease-and-desist order, Citigroup and its subsidiary, [...]')('2006062', 'Sweeping aside concerns about its controversial float, the Russian state oil firm Rosneft said Monday it would go ahead with its $11 billion initial public offering, potentially the fifth biggest in the world. In a 500-page outline prospectus, Rosneft admitted that potential investors faced at least four serious cases of litigation and arbitration as well [...]')('2006062', 'It was clear yesterday that the investment banks advising on the Mittal-Arcelor deal were in for a windfall. But Bloomberg News breaks down some of the actual figures, as well as supplying a sneak peak into the code names used by advisers for the companies. Goldman Sachs and Merrill Lynch are leading 13 banks set [...]')('2006062', "After a tumultuous auction, Univision Communications, the nation's largest Spanish-language broadcaster, said early Tuesday it had accepted an offer to be acquired by a private equity consortium for $36.25 per share in cash. The transaction is valued at about $13.7 billion, including the assumption of $1.4 billion in debt, Univision said. The private equity group [...]")('2006062', "The Marvell Technology Group, a diversified maker of microchips, said on Tuesday that it would buy the Intel Corporation's communications and application processor business for $600 million plus the assumption of undisclosed liabilities. Marvell said the acquisition would allow it to focus on its core businesses. The transaction is expected to to close in up [...]")('2006062', "The Organization for Economic Co-Operation and Development is warning that Canada's effective ban on bank mergers could be hampering the country's productivity and is urging Ottawa to remove the political red tape that has been choking the industry's efforts to consolidate. The O.E.C.D., which released its recommendations Monday as part of a larger economic survey [...]")('2006062', "Shareholders of Knight Ridder, the nation's second-largest newspaper company, voted overwhelmingly Monday to sell the company to McClatchy. The vote completed a process that began a little over a year ago and ended the chain's 32-year existence amid expressions of sorrow and regret. The company's final shareholder meeting, held in a hotel adjacent to the [...]")('2006062', "Palm's got the gadget lovers, Research in Motion's got the suits. Might this be a match made in heaven? A buzz is starting to build around the possibility that Palm and RIM might announce plans to merge on Thursday, when both companies plan to announce quarterly earnings. The two well-known mobile computing companies do complement [...]")('2006062', "The NYSE Group's chief executive, John Thain, said Monday he expects to have the agreement to purchase Euronext in front of the shareholders of both companies for a vote in the autumn and the merger closing in early 2007. Mr. Thain also repeated that he did not see anything in the modified rival offer from [...]")('2006062', "A chance to dine with Warren Buffet will now cost the successful bidder more than half a million dollars, with the price tag for the annual charity lunch, this year to be held at New York steak house Smith & Wollensky, hitting $502,400 last night. That's one expensive steak, especially given the fact that the [...]")('2006062', 'Houston Exploration roundly rejected an unsolicited bid for the company from the hedge fund Jana Partners, and the activist shareholder could not be happier. William Hargett, Houston Exploration\'s chief executive, also announced Monday that Lehman Brothers has been hired to investigate ways to "enhance shareholder value." The options include buying back more of the company\'s [...]')('2006062', "Barr Pharmaceuticals agreed to buy Pliva, eastern Europe's biggest drugmaker, for $2.2 billion in cash, beating a bid from the Actavis Group of Iceland. Barr offered 705 kuna ($122) a share for Pliva, the companies said on Tuesday. Actavis offered 570 kuna March 17 and raised it to 630 kuna a month later. Pliva, based [...]")('2006062', 'A slew of analysts Monday questioned Johnson & Johnson\'s $16.6 billion deal for Pfizer\'s consumer-products business, saying the health-care giant had overpaid. Merrill Lynch called the 16.6 billion deal "a bit of a surprise." At first blush, the price tag seems hefty at 4.3 times 2005 sales of $3.9 billion, said analyst Katherine Martinelli. By [...]')('2006062', "It could turn out to be a win-win situation for Xstrata, the Swiss-based mining company who's hopes to buy Falconbridge of Canada began to fade on Monday when the copper miner Phelps Dodge agreed to acquire Falconbridge and its rival Canadian nickel producer Inco in a $40 billion deal. But while the Phelps Dodge deal [...]")('2006062', 'Mittal Steel shares fell Monday as the chairman, Lakshmi Mittal, and Arcelor split over the direction of the combined company after a 26.9 billion-euro ($33.7 billion) takeover. The takeover claimed its first victim in the form of the chief executive of Arcelor, Guy Dollé, who used some of the toughest - and some observers said [...]')('2006062', "Opposition from the Chinese government could prevent Hong Kong's PCCW from completing a deal with foreign bidders trying to acquire the company's telecom and media assets, according to media reports Tuesday. Australia's Macquarie Bank and TPG Newbridge of the United States may withdraw their offers for PCCW's core business if Beijing refuses to approve the [...]")('2006062', 'Take-Two Interactive Software received grand jury subpoenas from the New York County district attorney requesting production of documents related to the video-game maker\'s "Hot Coffee" explicit-scene additions. Edward Nebb, a company spokesman, said the district attorney had not told Take-Two whether it or any of its executives or directors were targets of the grand jury [...]')('2006062', 'General Electric agreed Monday to buy 186 nursing homes for $1.4 billion from Alpharetta, Ga.-based Formation Capital, the Associated Press reported. The properties, contained in six senior housing portfolios, comprise 21,000 beds with an average occupancy rate of 90 percent, the company said. Half of the properties are located in Florida, with the rest in [...]')('2006062', "Most hedge funds do not want someone looking over their shoulder. So it was seen as a big victory for the industry on Friday when an appeals court threw out the Securities and Exchange Commission's rule that forced thousands of these investment pools, which cater largely to wealthy and institutional investors, to register with the [...]")('2006062', 'NBC becomes third broadcast television network to complete selling commercial time to advertisers before start of 2006-7 season; sold about $1.9 billion in commercial time in what is called upfront market, which takes place ahead of fall season (S)')('2006062', 'Edd Doerr letter on June 20 article about global warming and beaches agrees that it is past time to act on these environmental issues')('2006062', 'Professor Felicia Nimue Ackerman letter on June 13 article about animal cloning expresses her pride in scientific ingenuity that developed cloning')('2006062', 'Dr Lisa Littman letter on June 13 article about use of rhythm method for birth control says that argument applies to all women using contraceptive methods and not just contraceptive methods that conservatives approve of (M)')('2006062', 'Eric Larsen letter on June 13 article about salt suggests that people put rice in shaker to avoid salt grains sticking together')('2006062', "This year's NBA draft features very little predictability (M)")('2006062', 'Photo of foul called agains')('2006062', 'Dr Richard Theriault, M D Anderson Cancer Center (Houston, Tex) breast medical oncology department professor, presents findings of study that examined course of treatment for pregnant women diagnosed with invasive breast cancer; lack of information on cancer treatment options for pregnant women had led to many women needlessly terminating their pregnancies; highlights of study discussed (M)')('2006062', 'CBS wins ratings for Sunday night with shows 60 Minutes and Cold Case; Fox wins ratings for viewers age 18 to 49 with broadcast of Nascar; photo (S)')('2006062', 'Fred Haag letter on June 20 article about Chinese interest in scientific research suggests that United States and China pool resources and work together on scientific endeavors')('2006062', 'Q & A column discusses natural predators that feed on ticks; drawing (M)')('2006062', "Letter from filmmaker Nathaniel Kahn agrees with Nicolai Ouroussoff's sharp criticism of latest plan for ground zero memorial; says plan has been changed and bears no resemblance to inspiring monument it was meant to be; calls upon Mayor Bloomberg and Gov Pataki to start process from scratch (June 22 article)")('2006062', 'General Motors says Modernista will become creative ad agency for its Cadillac division, effective Oct 1; assigned had been handled by Leo Burnett and predecessor agencies since 1936 (S)')('2006062', "Ed Leeper letter on Jane E Brody's June 20 Personal Health column questions connection between heart health and running as it is presented in article")('2006062', 'Four letters comment on June 24 article about men groping or exposing themselves to women on subways in New York; Julie S Tye, Rita C Tobin, Betty Lundy and Barbie Leung all share experiences of sexual harassment on mass transit')('2006062', "Four letters comment on June 25 Eric Posner Op-Ed article arguing that US government can detain suspected Al Qaeda members without offending legal tradition; Prof Erwin Chemerinsky contends that international law requires that prisoners of war be accorded same procedural protections that American soldiers receive under military law and says this has not been so with Guantanamo detainees; Sandy Crimmins suggests that Posner's argument is thinly veiled iteration of Pres Bush's assertion that men held in Guantanamo were captured on battlefield and can be held as enemy combatants; S Johnson agrees with Posner and commends his clarity; Dr Jack Drescher says Posner's argument equating incarceration of prisoners with involuntary hospitalization of mentally ill rests on narrow parsing of law and principle")('2006062', "Memo Pad column; survey in July issue of Reader's Digest finds New York City is ranked most polite of major world cities; Donald N Martin & Co, citing Commerce Department data, says European air passenger traffic to US was off more than 9 percent in first quarter of year; Marriott International chairman J W Marriott Jr, in speech to Foreign Policy Association, notes that while global travel industry has grown about 30 percent in last decade, United States' share of world travel has shrunk by as much as 9 percent; MaxJet, discount all-business-class start-up that flies between Stansted Airport serving London and New York and Washington, acquires its third 767 aircraft (M)")('2006062', 'Jill M Norris, University of Colorado School of Medicine epidemiology professor, leads study on allergies in children; research, which is published in journal Pediatrics, finds that waiting to start foods with cereal grains until after child is six months old increases risk that child will have wheat allergy (M)')('2006062', 'Three letters comment on June 24 John Tierney Op-Ed column; Yu Jin Ko describes aesthetic experience of watching soccer; Tim Harte, who says he is not avid fan, recalls excitement of some World Cup matches; Mary Hornby says soccer has rewards for fans that other sports do not')('2006062', 'Letter from Rachel Denber of Human Rights Watch says video of events in Andijon, Uzbekistan, on May 13, 2005, shows that vast majority of protesters were unarmed; says one year later, there is still no justice for people killed that day (June 22 article)')('2006062', 'Former New York Yankees coach Willie Randolph and former Boston Red Sox pitcher Pedro Martinez decided to let bygones be bygones when both joined New York Mets(M)û')('2006062', 'Bruce Mansbridge letter on June 20 article on patient decisions about treatment choices suggests that people do not like to change their minds if there is risk that change in decision could be bad choice')('2006062', 'New York City Special Narcotics Prosecutor Bridget G Brennan conducts study of prisoners granted resentencing under New York State Rockefeller drug laws; finds that 34 percent of prisoners who received shorter sentences were drug kingpins or major traffickers and not low-level offenders new laws were aimed at helping; some say her study is flawed because it only looked at cases handled by her office, which has disproportionate number of high-level drug cases (M)')('2006062', "Political blogger Peter Daou is hired by New York Sen Hillary Rodham Clinton's re-election campaign; previously headed blog outreach and online rapid response for Senator John Kerry's 2004 presidential campaign; hiring comes as Clinton tries to counter negative remarks often hurled at her by bloggers (S)")('2006062', "Sen John W Warner, chairman of Senate Armed Services Committee, says that it is uncertain whether North Korea is fully fueled for imminent missile testing, despite showing clear signs of preparing for launch; comments come after briefing from officials of Missile Defense Agency, Defense Intelligence Agency and defense secretary's office (M)")('2006062', 'Olivia Judson explains the trouble with making certain subjects of genetic research taboo.')('2006062', "Spitzer's opponents attack his non-answers.")('2006062', 'The Housing Bubble blog has a synopsis of a real estate conference held by Reuters. A number of major players in the housing industry - mortgage lenders and builders - spoke. One piece of it: "Cancellation rates among U.S. home buyers are running above last quarter\'s levels as the housing market slows, the chief executive [...]')('2006062', 'Rents in New York\'s "rent stabilized" apartments can go up 7.25 percent. The rent-increase vote comes at a time of growing concern about the ability of the middle class to afford to live in New York City. This month, researchers at New York University released a report finding that the number of apartments considered affordable [...]')('2006062', "He said he wouldn't tell us, and he didn't.")('2006062', 'Readers respond to Thomas L. Friedman\'s June 28 column, "The Cry of the Wild" Dan Swanson, Bolwing Green, Ky. : Central and South Americans might say, "Sure, you clear-cut all of North America, and reaped profit without regard for ecological consequences - there were such consequences, you just don\'t have the ancestral memory to recall [...]')('2006062', 'I\'ve often recommended that American students take what the Europeans call a "gap year" - a year off before college, or maybe during or even afterward, to travel around the world. For those thinking about it, here are some websites that list some possibilities for a gap year: www.gapyear.com www.findagap.com www.gap.org.uk The bottom line is [...]')('2006062', "Readers' reactions to Bill Gates were so polarized that I found it hard to believe we live in the same society, let alone the same planet.")('2006062', 'Tobe, a fan from Rhineland-Palatinate, wrote in to comment on something elsewhere on this blog and casually signed his message with the numbers 54, 74, 1990 and 2006. The first three, of course, are the years in which West Germany won the World Cup, and the fourth is this year. No big deal. But it [...]')('2006062', 'There was so much buzz about hedge funds on Wednesday it was difficult to keep track of it all. Members of the Senate Judiciary Committee held a hearing that was billed as a discussion of hedge funds and their ties to independent analysts. But the issues on the floor - and the reactions off of [...]')('2006062', 'Jonathan Tasini, the anti-war candidate challenging Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton for the Democratic nomination this year, has won the endorsement of Democracy for NYC.')('2006062', 'The week began with "merger Monday" all over the business headlines. It may very well end with the catchphrase "jilted suitor." Even as Grupo Televisa brooded over its loss in the auction of Univision, Severstal\'s Aleksei Mordashov told French officials on Wednesday that he wants to make an improved offer for Arcelor, refusing to cede [...]')('2006062', 'Strange pairins on the Tiki Barber show.')('2006062', "So why isn't John Spencer taking K.T. McFarland apart this week?")('2006062', "The Senate Finance Committee on Wednesday approved the nomination of Goldman Sachs chairman Henry M. Paulson Jr. to be the country's next treasury secretary. The committee, on a voice vote, sent the nomination of Paulson to the full Senate, and Majority Leader Bill Frist has promised to call a vote this week. If confirmed as [...]")('2006062', 'The National Association of Realtors said existing home sales were down 6.6 percent in May from a year earlier. Nationwide inventory of homes is up to 6.5 months. Reactions: Calculated Risk: Existing Home Sales are a trailing indicator. The sales are reported at close of escrow, so May sales reflects agreements reached in March and [...]')('2006062', 'Stardoll.com, a Web site that lets young girls virtually dress up their favorite stars in the latest fashions, landed $6 million in venture financing from Sequoia Capital. The relatively diminutive funding round has enjoyed big-time news coverage over the past couple of days, with Forbes.com, CNET News.com and Red Herring Online (which focuses on technology-finance [...]')('2006062', "Score one (or maybe two) for hedge fund manager Daniel S. Loeb. After more than a month of delays and challenges, Mr. Loeb's fund, Third Point, said Wednesday that he and an ally, Todd Q. Swanson, have been cleared to take their places on the board of Massey Energy. After a proxy fight, Mr. Loeb [...]")('2006062', "Legg Mason, whose $868 billion of assets under management make it one of the biggest money managers in the United States, named three executives on Wednesday to run three new business units. The Baltimore-based company made changes seven months after swapping its securities brokerage and capital markets business for Citigroup's asset management arm. The $3.7 [...]")('2006062', 'More than one party is interested in buying AOL\'s German Internet access business, AOL Germany\'s chief executive said on Wednesday. "There are a number of bidders," the executive, Charles Fraenkl, told Reuters on the margins of a German multi-media conference in Berlin. He declined to name any of the interested parties. Fraenkl said the timing [...]')('2006062', 'In this lesson, students review different literary devices and employ them to write summaries of New York Times international news articles. They then reflect on the effectiveness and appropriateness of sports metaphors in the political arena.')('2006062', "AT&T's proposed $67 billion acquisition of BellSouth will not just create an enormous phone company. It will also yield one of the nation's biggest political-donation machines. A list published Wednesday by the PoliticalMoneyLine Web site suggests that a combined AT&T-BellSouth would have ranked No. 1 the race to give the most money to federal political [...]")('2006062', "Gosh, we're hated. The New York Times has never been so popular in some circles, but the recent publication of the scoops on SWIFT bank transfers and the warrantless eavesdropping have just enraged some folks. Senator Jim Bunning of Kentucky accuses The Times of committing treason. And Howie Kurtz at The Washington Post has a [...]")('2006062', 'Toshiba loses money on every high-def DVD player that it sells. What gives?')('2006062', "I'd planned to do a piece from China on the environment, but there was too much else to do. Still, it's a fascinating topic, and although most of the focus has been on how China's modernization will leave the entire globe filthy and under a rising sea, the fact is that Beijing has done more [...]")('2006062', 'Christopher Hitchens, the hawkiest of Iraq hawks, offers four suggestions in his latest Slate column for how people opposed to the Iraq war "who don\'t want to be associated with Michael Moore, George Galloway, Ramsey Clark and the rest of the Zarqawi and Saddam apologists can make themselves plain." Unfortunately, he appears to believe that [...]')('2006062', "The undisclosed details of a nonprosecution agreement between the Justice Department and the Tommy Hilfiger Corporation are drawing keen interest from former Hilfiger shareholders who filed a class-action lawsuit against the clothing company. Corporate Counsel magazine reports on the controversy and suggests that prosecutors' treatment of Hilfiger, now owned by the buyout firm Apax Partners, [...]")('2006062', "J.P. Morgan Chase said it named Ron Pillar, who leads the investment bank's communications equipment practice, to be head of East Coast technology investment banking for the firm. Mr. Pillar, who joined J.P. Morgan's technology banking group in 2000, works with clients including Lucent Technologies, Agere Systems, Enterasys and Arrow Electronics, J.P. Morgan said. Below, [...]")('2006062', 'Senator Chuck Schumer, drinking a small glass of orange juice and three tall glasses of water ("no ice"), tells The Observer that using the 2006 elections as a referendum on President Bush is for Democrats.')('2006062', 'U.S. Concrete said on Wednesday it had agreed to acquire Alberta Investments and an affiliate, Alliance Haulers, for $165 million. U.S. Concrete, which provides ready-mixed concrete, said the acquisitions would help expand its operations in the Dallas/Fort Worth Metroplex market in the United States and provide a strong position in the West Texas concrete market. [...]')('2006062', 'German privately held industrial group Robert Bosch has acquired Minneapolis-based Telex Communications for $420 million in a move to strengthen its Security Systems division, Bosch said on Wednesday. Minneapolis-based Telex Communications, which produces audio and wireless communications products, generated revenue of $308 million in 2005, according to Bosch. The Bosch Group, based in Stuttgart, Germany, [...]')('2006062', '[Correction appended] Duke political science grad student and former Spinsanity editor Brendan Nyhan points out a key difference between blogging and talk radio: Talk radio largely exists in a media vacuum. Reporters ignore it and few transcripts are made of what is said (for instance, Spinsanity basically had a monopoly on the Rush Limbaugh beat [...]')('2006062', 'Magellan Health Services said on Wednesday that it had agreed to acquire Icore Healthcare, a private specialty pharmaceutical management company, for $210 million in cash and stock. Go to Article from Reuters » Go to News Release from Magellan Health »')('2006062', 'Apollo Management and Graham Partners, two private equity firms, said on Wednesday that they agreed to buy the Berry Plastics, a maker of plastic containers and packaging, for $2.25 billion. Berry, which is based in Evansville, Ind., said on March 30 that it was exploring alternatives for the company. The equity firms are buying Berry [...]')('2006062', "A merger with Euronext is Deutsche Borse's top priority but the German exchange will not raise its bid and has other options, the head of the German stock market operator said on Wednesday. Asked on Wednesday at a media briefing in Paris if Deutsche Borse was considering a higher bid to beat out Euronext's preferred [...]")('2006062', 'Senators are being urged to regulate hedge funds, the high-risk investment pools that traditionally served the very wealthy but are increasingly luring ordinary investors. The Senate Judiciary Committee is examining two complex hedge fund cases in a hearing Wednesday. The committee will hear testimony from witnesses that include a fired Securities and Exchange Commission lawyer [...]')('2006062', 'Broadview Networks Holdings agreed to acquire a fellow communications service provider, ATX Communications, for between $75 million and $100 million to extend its reach to the Mid-Atlantic region. Founded in 1996, Broadview has raised over $250 million in venture capital across roughly five rounds. Its three largest shareholders are MCG Capital, Baker Capital and New [...]')('2006062', "Six months after buying Hertz in a $14 billion leveraged buyout, Clayton, Dubilier & Rice, Carlyle Group and Merrill Lynch Private Equity are about to collect a $1 billion dividend, recouping almost half their original equity investment. The financing is expected to close Friday, June 30. The new debt will be issued by the sponsors' [...]")('2006062', "Mu Security, a player in the new security analyzer market, has raised an additional $10 million in a Series B funding round. Mu's second round of financing was led by Duff, Alderman & Goodrich Ventures and includes Series A investors Accel Partners and Benchmark Capital, bringing Mu Security's total funding since inception to $14 million. [...]")('2006062', 'A federal judge ruled yesterday that a tactic used by prosecutors to crack down on corporate misconduct violated the constitutional rights of employees, a decision that may change the way the government pursues white-collar cases. The ruling, by Judge Lewis A. Kaplan of United States District Court in Manhattan, who is overseeing the trial of [...]')('2006062', "Warren Buffett, the world's second-richest person, has no interest in stepping down as chairman and chief executive of the insurance and investment company Berkshire Hathaway, Reuters reported. The 75-year-old Buffett, who has run Omaha, Neb.-based Berkshire since 1965, on Monday donated about 85 percent of his $44 billion fortune to several charitable foundations. Nearly $31 [...]")('2006062', 'Time Warner said Tuesday no company funds were used by the chief financial officer, Wayne Pace, for gifts he allegedly made to an accused prostitution ringleader. The alleged ringleader, Andrea Schwartz, accused of operating a high-priced sex-for-hire business out of a million-dollar New York apartment, told two New York tabloid newspapers this month that Pace [...]')('2006062', 'Eurotunnel has called on British and French regulators to investigate whether an alternative debt restructuring plan led by Deutsche Bank is misleading investors. The unusual move is a further twist in the bitter wrangle between investors over the future of the embattled Channel Tunnel operator and its massive debts of 6.2 billion pounds ($11.3 billion). [...]')('2006062', "Nokia, the world's biggest cell phone maker, has sued two Chinese competitors in its first Chinese legal action alleging illegal product copying. A Beijing court on June 12 officially agreed to hear the case against two cell phone makers based in the south China boomtown of Shenzhen, Shenzhen Telsda Mobile Communication Industry Development and Song [...]")('2006062', 'In a rare case of music retailer-turned-Internet pirate, the Virgin store chain in France said Tuesday that it had been found guilty of downloading and reselling a Madonna hit without permission. The store\'s online portal, virginmega.fr, was ordered by the Paris Tribunal de Commerce to pay $754,000 in damages for downloading the Madonna song "Hung [...]')('2006062', "Lawrence J. Ellison, chief executive of the Oracle Corporation and one of the world's wealthiest people, has decided not to donate $115 million to Harvard as he announced he would last year. Harvard had planned to use the donation, which would have been the largest single philanthropic donation the university had ever received, to establish [...]")('2006062', 'Federal securities regulators said Tuesday that Morgan Stanley had agreed to pay $10 million to settle claims that it had failed to maintain proper procedures to prevent the misuse of insider information. The firm had a "systematic breakdown" in the mandatory compliance function of monitoring accounts and the trading of certain securities to detect insider [...]')('2006062', "A bank manager who embezzled 21 million pounds ($38 million) from his employer in Scotland's biggest single fraud case was jailed for 10 years on Tuesday. Once praised by the Royal Bank of Scotland as a model employee, Donald MacKenzie, 45, had carried out his fraud not to enrich himself but to improve his bank's [...]")('2006062', 'The European Court of Human Rights refused on Tuesday to halt extradition proceedings against three British bankers wanted in the United States on fraud charges related to the Enron collapse. David Bermingham, Gary Mulgrew and Giles Darby, former executives at Greenwich NatWest, a unit of the Royal Bank of Scotland Group are set to be [...]')('2006062', "The Chinese government disclosed $1.1 billion worth of fraud at one of the country's largest state-owned banks this week, underscoring the risks confronting foreign investors as they seek big stakes in China's precarious banking system. China's National Audit Office on Monday announced that an examination of records at the Agricultural Bank of China, one of [...]")('2006062', "EADS' co-chief executive, Noel Forgeard, faced a parliamentary grilling in his battle to survive a management crisis at the planemaker Airbus on Wednesday amid mounting signals its German shareholders want him to go. Forgeard was called to appear before a closed session of the French parliament's finance committee at 7:30 a.m. to discuss recent delays [...]")('2006062', 'According to a survey of hedge-fund managers in Asia conducted by the CFA Center for Financial Market Integrity, 77 percent of respondents support greater regulation by financial service authorities or securities regulators to protect investors, and 49 percent say regulation should apply to both retail and wholesale investors. Go to Article from Finance Asia »')('2006062', 'A former chief executive of Capital Bank, Jim Beck has turned to Greenville, N.C., to once again run a Raleigh bank. Mr. Beck and a partner, Steve Johnson of Atlanta, will buy Greenville-based Millennia Community Bank, rename it TrustAtlantic Financial, and move it to Raleigh. Founded in 2000, Millennia has total assets of about $30 [...]')('2006062', "Six venture capital groups are racing to buy the Spanish company that owns the rights to MotoGP – motorcycling's answer to Formula One – which is up for sale with a price tag of 500 million euros. The Madrid-based business has been put on the block by CVC. The six on the final lap are [...]")('2006062', 'The first share float on the Chinese stock exchanges since the end of a temporary moratorium on initial public share offerings by state-run firms is being investigated by the Chinese authorities because of suspicions of market-rigging. The share price of CAMC Engineering, a machinery contractor, quadrupled when it was launched on the Shenzhen stock exchange [...]')('2006062', "Shares in Elpida Memory, Japan's largest maker of computer memory chips, slumped as much as 11 percent after the company said it would sell about 137 billion yen ($1.2 billion) of stock. The stock slid 7.9 percent, to 4,220 yen as of 1:27 p.m. Wednesday in Tokyo, on concern dividends would be eroded because the [...]")('2006062', 'Rosneft, a Russian state-owned oil and gas company with assets estimated at more than $60 billion, is planning to raise $11.6 billion in an initial public offering on the London Stock Exchange. The offering would be the fourth biggest ever, but its significance also points to the evolution of Russia, which has gone from Communism [...]')('2006062', "Shares of J. Crew Group surged nearly 28 percent in their first trading day, a gain that was all the more impressive considering that their offer price was well above previous estimates. After setting an expected range of $15 to $17 per share, underwriters led by Goldman Sachs and Bear Stearns priced J. Crew's initial [...]")('2006062', "Bank of China drew $84.6 billion of bids for the nation's biggest domestic public offering, 52 times the stock on offer, underlining demand for share sales after the lifting of a yearlong ban. Individual investors accounted for more than 80 percent of the orders for stock in China's second-biggest bank, which sought to raise 20 [...]")('2006062', 'J.P. Morgan has bolstered its Asian financials team, appointing Samuel Chen senior financial analyst. Mr. Chen will report directly to Sunil Garg, managing director of Asian financials research, and Frank Gong, head of China equity research. Mr. Chen will work in both Hong Kong and China. Mr. Chen shifts over to J.P. Morgan from Fox-Pitt, [...]')('2006062', 'In a surprise move Munesh Khanna announced yesterday his resignation as co-head of investment banking at Enam Financial Consultants. Khanna, who joined Enam from NM Rothschild, spent less then a year at the investment bank. Previously, he worked at Arthur Andersen, where he set up and headed the corporate finance practice in India. It is [...]')('2006062', "Goldman Sachs chairman and President Bush's Treasury secretary nominee Henry M. Paulson Jr. treaded carefully at his confirmation hearing before the Senate Finance Committee on Tuesday. Mr. Paulson reiterated Mr. Bush's general views on the need for low taxes, budget restraint, increased American competitiveness and the use of persuasion rather than threats in dealing with [...]")('2006062', "Origin Energy, Australia's second-largest power retailer, abandoned plans to merge with its New Zealand unit, Contact Energy, citing a lack of support from shareholders. The merger, proposed in February, would have created the largest integrated energy company in Australia and New Zealand and given Contact's minority shareholders 24 percent of a business with a combined [...]")('2006062', 'Comcast has purchased thePlatform, a fast-growing Seattle startup whose software helps about 60 customers, including National Geographic, CNBC and The Wall Street Journal, distribute video and audio content over the Internet. The acquisition represents the latest volley in the superhot digital media sector, an arena that has attracted plenty of attention in recent months. Sources [...]')('2006062', "McClatchy closed on its acquisition of Knight Ridder Tuesday and will emerge as the nation's second-largest newspaper company measured by circulation. Sacramento-based McClatchy, which owns the Star Tribune out of Minneapolis, must still sell the St. Paul Pioneer Press because of anti-trust issues. San Jose-based Knight Ridder owned the Pioneer Press, which McClatchy has agreed [...]")('2006062', "China Life Insurance bought 12 percent of Citic Securities for 3.25 billion yuan ($406 million), the biggest brokerage acquisition by a Chinese insurer as the government relaxes investment barriers. China Life bought 350 million shares for 9.29 yuan each to become the second-largest shareholder in the nation's biggest publicly traded brokerage, according to Bloomberg News. [...]")('2006062', "Univision's acceptance of a $12.3 billion bid from a group of private equity firms on Tuesday has provoked the ire of rival suitor Grupo Televisa which contends it has been deliberately shunned in favor of a lesser bid. What Televisa will do next is unclear, but inside the company, anger is boiling. Mexican media giant [...]")('2006062', "The Russian steel company Severstal is considering a bid for an Anglo-Dutch rival, Corus, just days after its merger attempt with Luxembourg's Arcelor was derailed, Reuters reported. Traders reported talk that a consortium led by Severstal was considering a bid for Corus at 520 pence ($9.47) a share. Corus shares were up 4.7 percent to [...]")('2006062', "Rupert Murdoch's News Corporation has reportedly joined Macquarie's bid for the core assets of the Hong Kong telecom giant PCCW, and the Macquarie-News Corporation team has attracted one more member, according to . The newspaper The Australian said News Corporation would take a 10 to 20 percent stake in the buyout offer, which is reportedly [...]")('2006062', 'Reliance Industries, a major Indian energy company, announced on Tuesday that it would expand into retailing with a $5.6 billion investment and a plan to add hundreds of thousands of employees in the next few years. Analysts are expecting India to relax rules that block foreign investment, thereby allowing the entry of global players like [...]')('2006062', 'The Australian and Canadian investment funds that are the remaining members of the Macquarie consortium bidding for Associated British Ports are thought to have pulled out, raising the likelihood that the ports operator will fall to a rival group led by Goldman Sachs. The Australian bank has been left isolated in its pursuit of AB [...]')('2006062', 'The standoff between EMI Group and Warner Music has flared into a two-way takeover battle, with each company rejecting bids from the other. Less than two months after EMI of London first unveiled its unsolicited $4.2 billion offer for New York-based Warner Music, EMI said Wednesday that Warner Music had proposed acquiring EMI - once, [...]')('2006062', 'Huang Jianxiang, the commentator handling the play-by-play of the Italy-Australia match for China Central Television, loses his cool.')('2006062', 'ABC/ESPN may be losing up to 30 percent of its World Cup audience to Univision.')('2006062', 'Rain continues drenching East Coast as region braces for overnight downpours that prompt evacuation of homes and businesses and lead to flash flood warnings from upstate New York to North Carolina; map; photos (M)')('2006062', 'Manuel Vergara and his brother Herberto are buried under debris when trench collapses at Bronx (NYC) construction site; are rescued by emergency workers; are not seriously hurt; photo (S)')('2006062', 'CBS wins ratings for Monday night;')('2006062', "Luxembourg government and investor Romain Zaleski pledge to back deal for Mittal Steel to merge with Arcelor; Arcelor's shareholders are to vote on separate deal with Russian billionaire Aleksei Mordashov, which is expected to be annulled (S)")('2006062', 'Supermodel Naomi Campbell appears in court in Manhattan to answer charges of throwing cell phone at her maid; adjournment is ordered pending possible plea agreement; photo (S)')('2006062', "French government deadline to resolve situation at European Aeronautic Defense and Space Co passes with no resolution of who would take over as chairman; EADS disclosed that French regulators searched company's office in Paris as part of inquiry into whether top managers, including French co-chief executive Noel Forgeard, were privy to insider information when they sold shares in EADS in March (S)")('2006062', 'Correction; June 26 article referred incorrectly to Israeli soldier abducted by Palestinian militants; he is fourth Israeli soldier abducted since 1994, not first')('2006062', "Federal court in Los Angeles unseals three search warrants that investigators used to raid Anthony Pellicano's detective agency and seize evidence in wiretapping and conspiracy case (S)")('2006062', 'Harper Lee, author of To Kill a Mockingbird, has written letter for O, Oprah Winfrey magazine, about how she became reader as child; photo (S)')('2006062', 'Berries are subject of new books by Roger Yepsen and Lori Longbotham; photos (S)')('2006062', 'Correction of June 26 review of Herbie Hancock performance at Carnegie Hall')('2006062', 'Correction of June 27 listing of American military deaths in Iraq')('2006062', 'Correction of June 21 article on summer cocktail contest')('2006062', 'Correction; June 27 article about reburial of remains of Sophia and Una Hawthorne, wife and daughter of Nathaniel Hawthorne, misidentified another poet mentioned')('2006062', 'Pres Bush focuses on securing congressional approval of presidential line-item veto; speaking to conservative Manhattan Institute, Bush says he would use it to eliminate spending on pet projects called earmarks that lawmakers attach to spending bills; meets with Republican senators to discuss proposal (M)')('2006062', 'Federal government slashes funding for New York City annual summer youth employment program; reduces share of funding to 11.5 percent, down from 82 percent; city makes up for some of loss in budget; should have enough funds for about 41,000 jobs; 71,000 applications for jobs were received (S)')('2006062', 'Correction; June 24 article about soccer fans watching World Cup match between South Korea and Switzerland at Korean church in Queens misstated Korean national airline; it is Korean Air, not Air Korea')('2006062', 'Correction; June 23 Churn column misstated name of law firm that William C Stefko is joining; it is Alston & Bird')('2006062', "Laloo's, California company, makes ice cream from goat's milk; photo (S)")('2006062', 'Celia Barbour article on planning meals around what is available at Union Square Greenmarket; recipes; photo (M)')('2006062', "Two teachers are fired at Brooklyn charter school; school says firings were based on performance but Nicole Byrne Lau believes she was fired for trying to organize union at school; charter school teachers are not covered by city teacher's union contracts; Lau says she received very good evaluations; United Federation of Teachers president Randi Weingarten says she is appalled by dismissals (M) lead union to advocate for labor rights in any reconsideration of state's charter law (M)")('2006062', 'New York Red Bulls fire coach Mo Johnston after overseeing 2-3-7 season (M)9')('2006062', "Three letters comment on June 23 Alex Vernon Op-Ed article about allegations of soldiers committing atrocities in Haditha, Iraq, and suggestion that soldiers be taught about My Lai, Vietnam; Margarete Weathers holds that atrocities are part of war; David Hayden contends that all armies that engage in combat commit atrocities and says US could be doing more to heal lingering wounds of Vietnam War; Timothy Bal letter cites Pres Bush's incompetence for starting war in Iraq that has resulted in so much pain and death on both sides")('2006062', 'Ruth F Block letter comments on June 23 article about ethics camp at Santa Clara University for public officials and politicians')('2006062', 'US House of Representatives passes legislation requiring Environmental Protection Agency to study effects of 50-year-old underground oil spill in Greenpoint, Brooklyn; US Reps Anthony D Weiner and Nydia M Velazquez, who represent Brooklyn and Queens, sponsor bill (S)')('2006062', 'Florence Fabricant column gives recipe for roasted salmon to be paired with California chardonnay (M)')('2006062', "Surgeon General Richard H Carmona warns that secondhand smoke is 'alarming' public health hazard, responsible for tens of thousands of premature deaths among nonsmokers every year; says measures like no-smoking sections do not provide adequate protections; does not call for federal ban, leaving that move to legislators (M)")('2006062', 'Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice meets in Islamabad with Pakistani Pres Pervez Musharraf, and prods him to allow democratic elections; refrains from involving herself in rivalry between Pakistan and Afghanistan as far as who is doing more to root out terrorism on lawless border, but praises Afghan Pres Hamid Karzai, whom she will meet with in Kabul; photo (M)')('2006062', 'Sen Pat Roberts, chairman of Senate intelligence committee, asks national intelligence director John D Negroponte to assess any damage to American counterterrorism efforts caused by disclosure of secret programs to monitor telephone calls and financial transactions; singles out The New York Times for article that reported that government was tracking money transfers handled by banking consortium in Belgium; human rights group in London says it filed complaints alleging that banking consortium, known as Swift, violated European and Asian privacy laws by giving US access to its data; photo (M)')('2006062', 'Mark Bittman column on making tomatillo salsa; recipe (M)')('2006062', "Lobel's, Upper East Side butcher, introduces what it calls barbecue beef, which is not smoked or highly spiced and is made on pot on stove; photo (S)")('2006062', 'Photo of Pres Bush jogging with Staff Sgt Christian Bagge, who lost both legs to roadside bomb in Iraq')('2006062', "Hilton Corp and hotel workers extend bargaining talks in Manhattan signalling they are close to agreement; current contract is about to expire; labor leaders cite hotel's failure to pay employees full wages and address asbestos problems at Waldorf-Astoria Hotel (S)")('2006062', 'Marian Burros column on health benefits of barley, grain that she says is as refreshing in summer as it is comforting in winter; recipes; photo (M)')('2006062', 'Correction of June 23 article about Trader Monthly magazine regarding one editor mentioned')('2006062', "Suzanne McInerney letter comments on Bob Herbert's assertion that proposed troop withdrawal in Iraq is being timed to coincide with November elections (June 26 Op-Ed column)")('2006062', "Seven letters comment on June 27 article about Pres Bush's condemnation of New York Times and other newspapers for revealing program to track terrorists through bank records; Homer Thiel says it is conduct of Bush administration that is disgraceful, especially using war on terrorism as political tool; Liz Montaigne fears security of America is jeopardized by revelation of government operation; Robert E Norton applauds efforts of New York Times to reveal activities of administration that is mendacious and incompetent; Bruce Wilke finds Times's decision to report about program shameful and lacking in common sense; Scott Kissinger says he would condemn disclosure if administration had not shown blatant disregard for civil liberties; Phil Cataldo calls Times courageous for its decision to report on antiterrorism programs; Philip Levy disagrees with Times's decision to publish reports")('2006062', "Correction of chart accompanying June 26 article about Warren E Buffett's decision to donate most of his fortune to Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation")('2006062', 'Correction of June 21 article on cold drinks from around the world')('2006062', 'New Jersey Nets will pursue big men in NBA draft (S)')('2006062', 'Melissa Clark article says secret to preparing meats to be served cold the next day is to use blast of herbs or rub or marinade to pump up the flavor; recipes; photos (M)')('2006062', 'Five letters comment on June 25 article on ethics of eating meat; Bruce G Friedrich, vice president of People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals, contends there is no difference between eating animals people keep as pets and those killed in slaughterhouses; Carl Gutman says animals are lower order, subject to whims and treatment of humans; Trevor Corson describes how lobsters are killed for processed meat; Mary Martin says whether humans eat meat depends upon choices they make about purpose in life; Celia Ballew Jones expresses frustration at general inhumanity in world; drawing')('2006062', 'Correction; June 26 article about Microsoft plan to integrate desktop computers with office and mobile phones referred incorrectly to software; it is next version of Exchange, called Microsoft Exchange 2007 Unified Messaging')('2006062', 'Samuel Adams introduces four-pack of ales based on Colonial-style brews; photo (S)')('2006062', 'Fernando Alonso in today\'s press conference at Indianapolis in preparation for Sunday\'s U.S. Grand Prix: "Indianapolis, for sure, will be the most difficult race in all the championship for us. The car was never competitive here. We don\'t know why. But, you know, we hope that this year changes that. The RS26 has been competitive [...]')('2006062', 'TV ads, cumbia records, inspiration from Eminem, Jews who star for Argentina')('2006062', "Judith Warner has written an Op-Ed for the Times on child-obesity; it appears in the paper today. Read the rest of Warner's Op-Ed, then post a comment about it below. - The Editors So Muhammad Ali has now gotten into the anti-child-obesity business, with a new line of utterly vile-sounding snacks aimed at weaning our [...]")('2006062', "Over the past month, I've explored an abundance of questions, organisms and phenomena within biology. For my last column in the series, I want to talk more personally, and reflect a little on how studying evolution has changed my view of life. I started studying evolution by accident. I fell into it after spending a [...]")('2006062', "Ukraine's leading club side, Dynamo Kiev, was at the center of one of the great moments of anti-fascist resistance during the Second World War.")('2006062', 'Spano shrugs off lack of Working Families endorsement.')('2006062', "Data storage giant EMC said late Thursday it would buy RSA Security for $28 per share in cash, or about $2.1 billion net of RSA's cash on hand. The offer represented a whopping 45 percent to RSA's closing stock price on Wednesday, before The New York Times reported that RSA was in negotiations to sell [...]")('2006062', 'The congressman now faces a complaint about his mailings.')('2006062', 'Tom Suozzi calls for five new debates with Eliot Spitzer.')('2006062', 'Konfused Kid, an Iraqi blogger, pays a deathbed visit to one of his four friends killed in a Baghdad bombing.')('2006062', 'A few minutes after 2 p.m. Eastern daylight saving time on Thursday, shares of Charlotte Russe got a sudden lift as trading volume spiked. There was no obvious news to explain the move, but we did notice one possible factor: That happens to be about the same time that regulatory filings revealed that SAC Capital, [...]')('2006062', 'Joe Bruno plans to run again.')('2006062', 'The market for well-connected financial consultants is apparently so hot that Merrill Lynch is asking certain employees to pledge their faithfulness to the company. Registered Rep magazine reports that the securities firm has asked a few of its "best producers" to fill out a questionnaire that asks if they are in talks to take another [...]')('2006062', "Bloomberg shrugs off a top aide's speculation that he will run for president.")('2006062', "More than a year after tumbling into bankruptcy protection, the supermarket chain Winn-Dixie Stores has detailed its plan to climb back out again. Its proposed Chapter 11 reorganization, filed with the bankruptcy court on Thursday, would turn Winn-Dixie's new stock over to its suppliers and creditors and leave the company's existing shareholders with nothing. This [...]")('2006062', "If you are really observant, you will find fairy doors all over Ann Arbor, Mich. These are tiny doorways that tinier fantasy creatures can use to enter their world or exit ours. (I'm guessing about that part, for obvious reasons.) Jonathan B. Wright has collected pictures of this bit of whimsy. – DAMON DARLIN")('2006062', "Nearly everything in a bankruptcy case becomes part of the public record, and that includes the hourly rates charged by some of the nation's top lawyers. The Daily Report, a legal newspaper based in Georgia, has taken advantage of that fact by rounding up a sampling of the fees charged by lawyers in bankruptcies both [...]")('2006062', "Severstal's Aleksei Mordashov wears many hats these days, including Russian steel baron and jilted suitor. Now, we can add blogger to that list. For proof, refer to SeverStal-Speaks.com, a blog devoted to his company's efforts to woo Luxembourg steelmaker Arcelor. The site features the posts of both Mr. Mordashov and Robert Miller, managing director of [...]")('2006062', "In this lesson, students consider how matters of national security affect the press' ability to practice free speech. They will examine the controversy surrounding the reporting on the Swift program and write letters to the editor of The New York Times in response to the editorial read in class.")('2006062', "Speculation that Kimco Realty is considering an acquisition of New Plan Excel Realty Trust, a real estate investment trust concentrated in shopping centers, has driven up shares of New Plan over the past two days. The stock was at $25.08 in midmorning trading on Thursday, up more than 5 percent from Wednesday's opening price. The [...]")('2006062', "Responding somewhat late to our earlier request for readers to submit their greatest all-time teams - and having apparently misread the instructions to construct a team that could take on an all-time Brazilian XI - German legend Franz Beckenbauer has just submitted his starting XI, or rather, the 10 players he'd like to have on [...]")('2006062', "Wednesday's testimony by Demetrios Anifantis, one of the speakers at the Senate Judiciary Committee's controversial hearings on hedge funds, is creating some controversy of its own. Financial columnist Herb Greenberg is among those who are asking whether Overstock.com, a Web-based retailer whose chief executive has railed against hedge funds, was somehow providing Mr. Anifantis' words. [...]")('2006062', "The nation's political reporters and analysts have begun to watch the comings and goings in Iowa and New Hampshire - and even South Carolina - to gauge the early line on Campaign 2008, but Mark Hemmingway predicts in the Weekly Standard that, from this distant vantage point, the critical battle for the Republican nomination will [...]")('2006062', 'K.T. fires back at her party.')('2006062', 'A digital security company, RSA Security said on Thursday it is in talks about a potential "strategic transaction" but did not give the names of any of the parties involved. The announcement came after a report in The New York Times that RSA was near a deal to sell itself to the acquisitive technology giant [...]')('2006062', 'The Cato Institute\'s Radley Balko proposes a new political analogy: Flag burning is to the right as hate crimes are to the left. "Both are attempts by zealots to impose their values on others by criminalizing expression they find offensive (all the while insisting, of course, that they \'still respect the First Amendment\')," he writes [...]')('2006062', "I've switched my membership from Netflix to Blockbuster's DVD-by-mail service, but I have to tell you a Netflix customer service story that made my mind boggle.")('2006062', 'The Securities and Exchange Commission\'s hedge-fund regulation program "has entered a state of limbo" in the wake of last week\'s Court of Appeals decision to vacate the so-called Hedge Fund Rule, according to a newsletter from the law firm Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz. The rule - actually a set of rules and amendments - [...]')('2006062', "Peggy Noonan writes in her online column for The Wall Street Journal: Media people keep saying, as Hillary gears up for her presidential bid, that her big challenge in 2008 will be to prove that she is as tough as a man. That she could order troops to war. That she's not girly and soft. [...]")('2006062', 'An apartment company, Archstone-Smith, said Thursday that its Archstone BV unit is buying Deutsche WohnAnlage, a reseller of residential properties, for about $649 million. Archstone-Smith will use the acquisition to expand its presence in Germany, the chief executive, R. Scot Sellers, said in a statement. The transaction is expected to close in July. Go to [...]')('2006062', 'Shutterfly, an online photo-sharing service funded partly by a co-founder of Netscape, Jim Clark, filed with regulators to raise as much as $92 million in an initial public offering. The preliminary prospectus did not indicate how many shares it would sell or at what price. Entities affiliated with Mr. Clark own about 40 percent of [...]')('2006062', "When Johnson & Johnson acquired Pfizer's consumer goods business, the market valued the price the company paid at $6 billion too much. In Phelps-Dodge's bid for Falconbridge and Inco the suitor valued future savings at $5.8 billion, a price the market did not buy into, sending the value tumbling. Mittal's acquisition of Arcelor has been [...]")('2006062', 'Genworth Financial of Richmond, Va., said on Thursday it has agreed to acquire AssetMark Investment Services, an investment adviser with more than $8 billion in assets under management, for $230 million. AssetMark is based in Pleasant Hill, Calif. Go to Article from Reuters » Go to News Release from Genworth via Yahoo »')('2006062', "With the increased incentive of dividend recaps, buyout firms are bidding up prices and adding leverage right up to the point when the market turns. Breakingviews has a look at the recent Hertz LBO along with this week's $13.7 billion bid for Univision in the context of increasingly liquid private equity investments. Go to Article [...]")('2006062', 'A switch/router vendor, Foundry Networks, and a security specialist, VeriSign, are the latest companies to be sucked into the growing scandal over so-called stock option backdating. Broadcom, Juniper Networks, SafeNet, and Vitesse Semiconductor are already involved in formal and informal investigations of the practice. Go to Article from Light Reading » Go to Related Article [...]')('2006062', 'Snohomish County electricity users got a hard-won break Wednesday when a federal agency excused their utility from paying over $120 million in contract penalties to the bankrupt energy giant Enron. The Federal Energy Regulatory Commission determined that the Snohomish County Public Utility District need not pay termination fees on a contract it broke with Enron, [...]')('2006062', 'Nabors Industries, the big oil driller that wanted to be considered a Bermuda company for tax purposes but an American company for business purposes, may regret trying to be both. The Senate Finance Committee voted unanimously yesterday to treat as American all companies that made Bermuda or any other tax haven their tax headquarters after [...]')('2006062', 'H.J. Heinz on Wednesday defended its results over the last four years and once again urged its shareholders to reject board candidates proposed by a dissident investor group led by the billionaire Nelson Peltz. Heinz is locked in a proxy fight with the Peltz-led Trian Group. The hedge fund, which unveiled a plan in May [...]')('2006062', "The Walt Disney Company announced on Wednesday that John E. Pepper Jr., a former Procter & Gamble chief executive who joined Disney's board early this year, had been appointed nonexecutive chairman. He will succeed George J. Mitchell, the former Maine senator who took the job in 2004 when the chief executive, Michael D. Eisner, was [...]")('2006062', 'A determined Noel Forgeard vowed Wednesday to stay on as co-chief executive of EADS and help civil jet unit Airbus through its crisis, despite German demands for his resignation and questions about suspect share sales. The comments came after a closed-door parliamentary hearing where Mr. Forgeard testified. During the session, he declared his resignation was [...]')('2006062', 'Louis Vuitton, the luxury goods manufacturer, won another round Wednesday in its court battle with the search engine Google to eliminate online ads of competitors or counterfeiters that show up in searches for the well-known French brand. A Paris appeals court issued a ruling that found Google engaged in trademark counterfeiting, a decision that the [...]')('2006062', 'Tenet Healthcare agreed to pay $725 million and waive another $175 million in government payments to resolve a federal investigation of its Medicare pricing. The settlement ends a government lawsuit and inquiries over allegations Dallas-based Tenet overcharged Medicare. The payment, one of the largest in a federal civil investigation of a health-care company, may help [...]')('2006062', 'Viacom shareholders may proceed with their lawsuit against company directors for granting excessive compensation to the chairman, Sumner Redstone, and other executives while the company was losing money, a New York court ruled. The lawsuit claims that Viacom\'s directors approved "excessive and unwarranted" compensation packages for Redstone and his two top executives, Thomas Freston and [...]')('2006062', 'Symantec is in a $1 billion court dispute with the Internal Revenue Service involving transfer pricing dealings between two affiliated companies, according to MarketWatch. In a petition filed with the United States Tax Court, Symantec said the I.R.S. is seeking more than $757 million in back taxes owed by Veritas Software, a company acquired by [...]')('2006062', 'Houston-based traders for BP illegally cornered part of the propane market in February 2004, creating a sharp jump in prices for the popular heating fuel used by millions of rural homes, according to federal investigators. One of the traders, Dennis Abbott, pleaded guilty Wednesday to charges that he and others at BP Products North America [...]')('2006062', 'A former investigator for the Securities and Exchange Commission, Gary J. Aguirre, told Congress on Wednesday how senior S.E.C. officials gave in to what he described as political pressure and stopped his investigation of suspected insider trading by a prominent hedge fund. In testimony before the Senate Judiciary Committee, Mr. Aguirre said he had saved [...]')('2006062', "Companies found guilty of anti-competitive practices will face multi-billion euro fines or more than 10 times the current tariffs for abusing their monopoly and taking part in cartels, under new guidelines adopted by the European commission yesterday. Microsoft, the world's biggest software group, was fined a record 497 million euros in March 2004 for abuse [...]")('2006062', 'Green Bancorp, led by the former chief executive of Coastal Banc, Manuel Mehos, said on Wednesday it had agreed to acquire Redstone Bank. Green Bancorp, a new thrift holding company founded by Mehos, said the addition of privately held Redstone will give it a presence in Houston. Redstone, the approximately $168 million-in-assets independent bank, was [...]')('2006062', 'The Private Bank of Bank Of America, its wealth management arm, has named Glen J. Romm market executive for Georgia. Romm will be based in Atlanta and will oversee Private Bank teams in Atlanta, Macon and Savannah. The division has about $166 billion in assets under management. The Private Bank provides wealth management services to [...]')('2006062', 'With its share price near a 52-week low, its search for a new chief executive entering its second month and increasing criticism from one of its largest shareholders, Phoenix Technologies is under pressure to make changes or seek strategic alternatives. The company is under fire from an activist hedge fund, the Ramius Capital Group, which, [...]')('2006062', 'Within the last decade, private equity firms in the United States have recruited more than a dozen politicians to their ranks, employing them as partners, consultants, advisers and board members. But what exactly are all these ex-presidents, congressmen and White House cabinet members doing to justify their salaries? Go to Article from VentureWire Professional »')('2006062', 'Equity Residential, the largest publicly traded apartment owner in the United States, said on Wednesday it had agreed to sell its Lexford Housing Division to affiliates of Empire Group Holdings for $1.09 billion. The cash transaction is expected to close in the fourth quarter. Go to Article from Reuters »')('2006062', "Carlyle Group plans to double the size of its new Japan buyout fund to $1.7 billion as investors seek to profit from the nation's economic expansion, Bloomberg News said. The firm's second Japan fund will be the biggest targeting acquisitions in the world's second-largest economy. Overseas funds including Fortress Investment Group and RHJ International spent [...]")('2006062', "Henry Kravis's Kohlberg Kravis Roberts is looking to collect $15.5 billion this year for what will be the biggest takeover fund ever formed - topping the loot raised by fellow barbarians Stephen Schwarzman, David Bonderman and Leon Black. Mr. Schwartzman's Blackstone Group, Mr. Bonderman's Texas Pacific Group and Mr. Black's Apollo Management are all raising [...]")('2006062', 'Reductions in the size of offerings reflect a trend towards an increasingly difficult I.P.O. market for venture capital portfolio companies. A pair of initial public offerings for venture-backed companies hit the Nasdaq Wednesday but both had to scale back in the face of weak investor demand. A Web analytics startup, Omniture, and a biotech startup, [...]')('2006062', 'Baugur and FL Group, the Icelandic investment firms, and Kevin Stanford, the retail entrepreneur, are planning to step up their drive into U.K. retailing with a 1 billion pound ($1.81 billion) investment vehicle to be called Unity, according to the Times of London. The new venture will wrap together their stakes in Woolworths and French [...]')('2006062', "Following J. Crew's dramatic I.P.O. on Wednesday and with companies lining up to test the choppy waters of the initial public offering market, brand recognition may be a key factor in driving stocks skyward. But while investors may be mad for the purveyor of preppy gear like chinos and cotton sweaters, they may not react [...]")('2006062', 'Wintegra scrapped its initial public offering and Gordon Biersch Brewery Restaurant Group delayed its share sale after the companies failed to attract enough investors, Bloomberg News reported . Wintegra, a semiconductor maker based in Austin, Tex., planned to raise $70 million, and Biersch, a chain of restaurants and breweries based in Chattanooga, Tenn., intended to [...]')('2006062', "Fairmont Raffles Holdings, the hotel company controlled by the Saudi billionaire Prince Alwaleed Bin Talal and Colony Capital, the American investment firm, is seeking to raise up to $2.5 billion through asset disposals, according to The Times of London. The company, created by the recent $5.5 billion merger of Canada's Fairmont Hotels & Resorts and [...]")('2006062', 'Shimao Property Holdings has defied the difficult market environment and completed its initial public offering, which came to 3.72 billion Hong Kong dollars ($480 million) after the price was fixed at the bottom of the indicated range. The company had hoped to raise up to $650 million, but even with the low end pricing Shimao [...]')('2006062', "Several executive moves are in the works at HSBC's Indian outpost. Anand Krishnamurthy and Hitendra Dave have been named co-heads of global markets in India. The pair will take on their roles in July from Monish Tahilramani who is moving to Hong Kong as head of Asia-Pacific regional trading. Tahilramani takes over from Tarun Mahrotri [...]")('2006062', "The J. Crew Group's shares rose nearly 28 percent yesterday on their first day of trading after being priced at a higher-than-expected level, capping off the most successful retail initial public offering in years. J. Crew's performance is a bright spot in the initial public offering market, which has faltered since mid-May. But the New [...]")('2006062', "Goldman Sachs plans to buy a stake in India's National Commodity & Derivatives Exchange to gain from a surge in trading in Asia's second-fastest growing major economy, Bloomberg News reported. Goldman will buy the stake from ICICI Bank, India's second-largest lender. Trading on India's commodity exchanges totaled $460 billion in the year ended March 31, [...]")('2006062', 'A $1.58 billion verdict against the investment firm Morgan Stanley should be overturned, a lawyer argued Wednesday during an appeal. The lawyer, Bruce S. Rogow, said Morgan Stanley did not get a fair trial after a judge ruled that it helped the struggling Sunbeam Corporation conceal evidence and defraud shareholders. The case arises from a [...]')('2006062', 'Andrx shareholders have approved the acquisition of the company by Watson Pharmaceuticals. At a special meeting Wednesday, the holders in Fort Lauderdale, Fla.-based Andrx adopted the merger agreement drawn up on March 12. Go to Article from The South Florida Business Journal »')('2006062', "CanWest Global Communications served notice to The Canadian Press on Wednesday that it plans to pull out of the national news organization next summer. Canada's largest media company told The Canadian Press it plans to cut ties with the co-operative, which is owned by several news organizations across the country, by July, 2007. Go to [...]")('2006062', 'The chief executive of Sonus Networks, Hassan Ahmed, says he is ready to play a role in the current consolidation process sweeping the telecom equipment sector. But he wants Sonus to be the predator, not the prey. As his company announced a multimillion-dollar deal with up-and-coming broadband service provider The Carphone Warehouse Group, Mr. Ahmed [...]')('2006062', "Cable & Wireless's efforts to rival BT in the provision of wholesale broadband appear to be getting some help through a tie-up with a major high-speed Internet player. It is understood that Pipex, Britain's sixth-largest Internet provider, is weighing a move to take a wholesale high-speed Internet access service from the ailing telecoms group through [...]")('2006062', "Rupert Murdoch said yesterday that he intends to sell some of News Corporation's local television stations in the United States within the next year and may use the sale to buy back an 18 percent stake in Liberty Media, the company owned by the billionaire investor John Malone. Mr. Murdoch would not give a deadline [...]")('2006062', 'The De Vere Group, the owner of 18 luxury hotels, has agreed to an increased takeover bid from the property developer Richard Balfour-Lynn worth about 745 million pounds ($1.35 billion). Mr. Balfour-Lynn is paying 850 pence a share for De Vere through his bid vehicle AHG Venice. He had offered last week to pay 825 [...]')('2006062', 'PartyGaming, the online poker company, is on the brink of unveiling plans to expand into sports betting via a series of acquisitions to be funded with the proceeds of a bond issue that could raise as much as 500 million pounds ($906 million). It is understood that the first purchase will be of a privately-owned [...]')('2006062', "Severstal's owner, Aleksei Mordashov, may drop his bid for a stake in Arcelor and accept 140 million euros ($175 million) in compensation, according to a report on Reuters, quoting the Russian daily Vedomosti. Mr. Mordashov is expected to announce in the next two days that he will not counter an offer for Arcelor by Mittal [...]")('2006062', 'RSA Security, a pioneering digital security company, quietly put itself up for sale several months ago and is now near a deal with EMC or at least one other bidder, The New York Times reported Thursday. A deal, possibly worth more than $1.8 billion, could be reached in a few days. The company has a [...]')('2006062', "Years of jockeying to combine two of the world's biggest music companies, the EMI Group and the Warner Music Group, has escalated with the two now bidding to take over each other. Despite a deadlock over rejected counter-offers of about $4.6 billion coming from each side yesterday, most music industry analysts predict the two will [...]")('2006062', 'Anadarko Petroleum is selling its Canadian operations in an auction that will likely generate a frenzy in the oil patch and probably fetch more than $4 billion, the biggest deal in the energy business in several years. Houston-based Anadarko, which agreed last week to buy the Kerr-McGee Corporation and Western Gas Resources, plans to use [...]')('2006062', "He may be in the rag trade, but there was nothing threadbare about the J. Crew Group's chief executive, Millard Drexler, after his company's impressive initial public offering on Wednesday. Though some coverage of the I.P.O. focused on the fortunes of Texas Pacific Group, the private equity shop that took control of the apparel company [...]")('2006062', "On June 23, we asked you to send in your nominations for the worst refereeing performance of the tournament, and in the days since, you've offered many candidates. Now it's time to whittle down the nominees to a manageable shortlist. We've eliminated the referees you cited if their errors were made on judgment calls, or [...]")('2006062', '"It is tempting to describe the joga bonita campaign as something along the lines of football having its soul sold back to it for the price of a £49.95 T-shirt."')('2006062', 'BARGNANI SELECTED')('2006062', 'Correction: June 25 article about development of ethanol plants gave incorrect spelling for surname of economist cited; referred imprecisely to some plants that are in planning stages but not yet operating')('2006062', 'European Aeronautic Defense and Space Co co-chief executive Noel Forgeard dismisses suggestion by French lawmaker Marylise Lebranchu that he resign amid management crisis (S)')('2006062', 'Parallel Lines collection of vinyl wallpaper uses hand-drawn pencil lines that are digitally scanned and manipulated to create patterns; photo (S)')('2006062', "Correction: June 27 Critic's Choice column about new DVD's misidentified setting of 1932 film cited")('2006062', 'Correction: June 28 picture caption with music review about Jupiter Symphony Chamber Players misidentified violin player')('2006062', 'Personal Shopper column on latest baskets, bags and portable grills for summer picnics; photos (M)')('2006062', 'Harry Allen opens new showroom in New York City for his furniture and product designs; photos (S)')('2006062', 'Lisa Stamm, garden designer, and Dale Booher, architect, limit garden of their waterfront house on Shelter Island, NY, to shrubs and perennnials that fit in small space so that natural landscape of bayberry, pitch pine, scrub oak and blueberry define character of home; photos (M)')('2006062', "Five letters comment on June 26 and 27 articles on Warren E Buffett's enormous donation to Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation; Roxene Rockewell says this is what one should do with wealth; Joan Baldwin Chapman says this bequest sets example for us all; John C Goodwin says it is example of what one can do for good of mankind; Mark N Jones says billionaires would be better advised to donate money to domestic programs for poor and middle class; Burt Cohen has problem with hoopla surrounding bequest")('2006062', 'New album by Nelly Furtado is No 1 on Billboard chart with 219,000 copies sold (S)')('2006062', "Correction: June 27 article profiling Dr Arata Kochi, new chief of World Health Organization's campaign against malaria, referred imprecisely to pesticide DDT")('2006062', "Correction: June 23 article about vote by French lawmakers to ease restrictions on draft copyright law referred incorrectly to ability of Apple iPod to play music from online music stores other than Apple's")('2006062', "Five letters comment on June 28 article and June 27 editorial on Congress's narrow rejection of flag-burning amendment; Doug Tunnell says it is sad that flag-burning amendment was considered issue worthy of consideration; Greg Nichols says flag is desecrated not through burning but through erosion of constitutional liberties; David H Chan says amendment was waste of time; John Engelman says burning flag is not valuable political message; Alice du Bon says people who desecrate flag are those who treat it as mere decoration")('2006062', 'Correction: June 28 obituary of Anna Castelli Ferrieri mispelled given name of her surviving daughter')('2006062', 'World Cup quarterfinal matches discussed; diagram; (S)ÿ')('2006062', "Selena Roberts Sports of The Times column discusses Madison Square Garden chairman James L Dolan's decision to appoint Isiah Thomas coach of New York Knicks after firing Larry Brown; photo (M)")('2006062', "Police in Bangalore, India, arrest Nadeem Kashmiri, employee of back-office unit of HSBC, British bank, on charges of stealing customers' confidential debit card data and helping defraud them of about $425,000 (S)")('2006062', 'Jen Singer letter, prompted by June 25 article on IRS assessing youth soccer leagues for tax evasion, says youth soccer has become big business and is no longer fun')('2006062', "Russian Pres Vladimir V Putin orders Russia's secret services to find and kill those who kidnapped and killed four Russian Embassy emloyees in Iraq; bluntness of statement reflects shock and anger--much of it directed at United States--after kidnapping on June 3 in attack that killed fifth Russian (M)")('2006062', 'Harvey Araton Sports Of The Times column discusses Fenway Park (Boston) celebratory reaction to New York Mets pitc her Pedro Martinez when Mets played Boston Red Sox, his former team; photo (M)')('2006062', 'Arts,')('2006062', 'Photo of golf legend Jack Nicklaus on Capitol Hill, before testifying at hearing on adding character-building programs to school curriculums')('2006062', "Venetian inspired chandelier, Glowdelier, emits light even when it's off; photo (S)")('2006062', 'Kalina Ivanov letter agrees with Bob Herbert (June 26 column) that Bush administration is playing politics with troops fighting in Iraq war')('2006062', 'Rachel Keating Rott letter, prompted by David Brooks June 25 column criticizing Markos Moulitsas, founder of political blog Daily Kos, says Brooks does not seem to realize that supporters of blog are individual thinkers who disagree regularly with Moulitsas')('2006062', 'Shark in formaldehyde by artist Damien Hirst, which was commissioned by British collector Charles Saatchi and sold to American hedge fund manager Steve Cohen in 2004, is showing signs of age; Hirst says that he will happily replace shark with one of equal size; photo (S)m')('2006062', "Treasury Sec John W Snow letter says decision by New York Times to disclose terrorist finance tracking program (June 23 article) was 'irresponsible and harmful' to US security; says article alerts terrorists to money tracking process, disagreeing with Times assertion that terrorists already knew government's methods")('2006062', 'Jade Jagger helps design interior of new Chelsea apartment building called Jade, whose 57 lofts will have lacquered pods that contain closets, bathrooms and kitchens; photos (S)')('2006062', 'Correction on June 22 article about golf clothing for women')('2006062', 'Correction: June 27 article about deal secured by Atlanta Mayor Shirley Franklin to keep papers of Rev Dr Martin Luther King Jr in city referred incorrectly to entity set up to buy papers')('2006062', 'Dune, contemporary furnishings showroom in TriBeCa, creates rug based on design of 12-year-old Alberto Frederic Gomez; photo (S)')('2006062', "Correction: June 23 film review about The Road to Guantanamo misstated location where film's story takes place")('2006062', 'Correction: June 28 article about new line of snack foods from Muhammad Ali referred incorrectly to current business ventures of another athlete')('2006062', 'NHL considers playing hockey game outside, at Yankee Stadium (NYC) in 2006-7 season (M)')('2006062', 'Correction: May 31 article about re-election campaign of Sen Hillary Rodham Clinton overstated cost of her 2000 race')('2006063', 'A Crown Heights couple finds that being a small landlord is tougher than they thought.')('2006063', 'I chuckled when I saw that the Inman News Service, which specializes in real estate news, listed this blog as one of the most innovative real estate blogs. But the list of the other innovative sites is a good roadmap for anyone who wants to see how real estate is changing. For instance: Most Innovative [...]')('2006063', 'Working Families Party endorses in 138 legislative races, but does not endorse anyone in the Spano-Cousins race in Westchester.')('2006063', 'Just in time for the pre-Fourth-of-July weekend, Eugene Plotkin, the former Goldman Sachs analyst charged with orchestrating an insider trading scheme, was expected to be freed on bail late Friday afternoon, his lawyer told DealBook. To refresh your memory: Mr. Plotkin is accused of masterminding a $6.7 million insider trading ring that prosecutors say spanned [...]')('2006063', "Arcelor shareholders on Friday voted down a merger with Severstal of Russia, clearing a major obstacle to Mittal Steel's bid to take over Arcelor and form a steel titan with nearly 10 percent of global production. Arcelor, based in Luxembourg, is now free of its binding agreement with Severstal and is recommending that shareholders back [...]")('2006063', 'Readers respond to David Brooks\'s June 29 column, "One Nation, Under One Roof." Seth Eben Shapiro, Saratoga Springs N.Y.: David, I think you missed what is the real story here. The Patent Office used to have an exhibit space where they displayed models of patented items. Where have they gone? Are not they the perfect [...]')('2006063', 'Mangan & McColl Partners, a hedge fund founded by a former broker from Friedman Billings Ramsey and the son of former Bank of America chief executive Hugh McColl Jr., is closing its doors. The fund said it will shut down in July, citing a "reduced number of attractive investment opportunities in our area of focus," [...]')('2006063', 'In this lesson, students will explore the value of writings by Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. and create mixed media collages contextualizing one of his texts or speeches.')('2006063', 'Some stock picker at SAC Capital should be allowed to take the rest of the afternoon off. Barely 24 hours ago, the giant hedge fund run by Steven Cohen reported owning more than 1.2 million shares of clothing retailer Charlotte Russe - a trade that left DealBook mildly curious about what Mr. Cohen was seeing [...]')('2006063', "Join the conversation: Readers talking about the war, Hillary, K.T. McFarland's strange week, Spitzer's non-answers and gubernatorial debates.")('2006063', "Follow the action in Hamburg with Austin Kelley. FULLTIME Ukraine had a great run, reaching the quarterfinals in their first World Cup. But they couldn't stop the Italians today. Oleg Blokhin's men managed to hang in the match for the first hour. They almost equalized in the 58th minute, but Buffon and the Italian defense [...]")('2006063', "We are not sure if there was some kind of closed-door coronation at 85 Broad Street, but Lloyd Blankfein has quietly taken his place as chairman and chief executive of storied brokerage firm Goldman Sachs. (For proof, see the link below, in which, for the first time in Goldman's regulatory filings, Mr. Blankfein is described [...]")('2006063', 'Paris Hilton: web video icon? And an excellent new online sitcom.')('2006063', 'Spain failed to win the World Cup yet again, but this time they deserve to go home to cheers, not jeers.')('2006063', 'One year after splitting from aerospace giant Boeing, aircraft parts maker Spirit AeroSystems is laying the groundwork for an initial public offering of stock. The company, backed by Canadian buyout firm Onex Partners, intends to raise as much as $500 million, according to a preliminary prospectus filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Financial details [...]')('2006063', "It's mind-blowing: you can run an entire operating system off of your flash drive.")('2006063', 'Argentine fans at Novocento in SoHo explode as the ball hits the net for 1-0. (Photo: Rob Mackey) Argentine despair at 1-1. (Photo: Rob Mackey) After penalties, German joy at Blaue Gans in Tribeca. (Photo: Rob Mackey)')('2006063', 'Unless there is some kind of post-auction upset, media entrepreneur Haim Saban and his fellow investors seem be on track to take control of Spanish-language broadcaster Univision. But what will they do with it? The Economist is reporting on speculation that Mr. Saban may eventually resell it to Grupo Televisa because - and this usually [...]')('2006063', 'Shares of EMC fell to a new 52-week low on Friday as its decision to buy RSA Security in a $2.1 billion all-cash deal unnerved many investors and analysts. Its stock was down 6.9 percent to $10.29 in late-morning trading, even as shares of the target company jumped 19 percent. One major concern was price. [...]')('2006063', 'Governor Pataki is helping John Faso, Jeanine Pirro and Christopher Callaghan, but what about those Senate candidates?')('2006063', 'Institutional investors gave Phelps Dodge executives a "rude reception" this week during a meeting at New York\'s Park Avenue Cafe to discuss the copper miner\'s plans for a three-way acquisition of Inco and Falconbridge, TheStreet.com reported Friday. S. Basu Mullick, a top portfolio manager with Lehman Brothers\' Neuberger Berman asset management group "loudly denounced" the [...]')('2006063', 'Follow the play by play of the quarterfinal match, LIVE as it happened at the Olympiastadion in Berlin. Jeff Z. Klein describes the action. Post-game The word in Spanish is decepcionado - disappointed, deceived. The Argentina fans stand motionless, looking on as the German players applaud their fans. Most of the Argentina players are off [...]')('2006063', 'General Motors should strongly consider joining the partnership-alliance between Renault and Nissan Motor, shareholder activist Kirk Kerkorian said Friday in a letter to G.M. president Rick Wagoner. In the letter, sent by Mr. Kerkorian\'s Tracinda investment vehicle, Mr. Kerkorian also said that Renault and Nissan would be interested in buying a "significant minority stake" in [...]')('2006063', 'Cendant said on Friday that it has agreed to sell its Travelport travel services unit to a Blackstone Group affiliate for $4.3 billion. The deal is expected to close in August. The sale has been expected for some time; in a statement earlier this month Cendant said that it saw "an increased likelihood" of selling [...]')('2006063', 'Georgetown law professor Marty Lederman wins the prize for most-linked instant analysis of the Supreme Court\'s decision to strike down the Bush administration\'s plan to try the Guantanamo detainees before military commissions. "[I]t is hard to overstate the principal, powerfully stated themes emanating from the Court, which are (i) that the President\'s conduct is subject [...]')('2006063', 'European private equity firm Cinven said Friday that it has raised 6.5 billion euro ($8.15 billion) for its fourth fund, which the company says is the largest ever raised for a European buyout fund. More than 100 institutional investors invested in the oversubscribed fund, including more than 90 percent of subscribers to its 4.4-billion-euro third [...]')('2006063', 'Bidz.com Thursday cut the size of its pending initial public offering by more than half to 3 million shares and lowered its estimated price range to $7 to $8 per share. The Culver City, Calif.-based online jewelry retailer originally filed for an I.P.O. of $57.5 million in March and first set the terms on June [...]')('2006063', "Veolia Environnement, the world's biggest water company, agreed to buy Brambles Industries's U.K. trash collection unit for $1.1 billion, doubling the size of its waste management division in Britain. Veolia will increase annual sales in the U.K. to almost 900 million pounds. Garbage collection businesses are attracting buyers such as Paris-based Veolia and private equity [...]")('2006063', 'Lord Conrad Black and the newspaper publisher he once led, Hollinger International, won dismissal yesterday of most of a shareholder lawsuit accusing the company of inflating circulation figures. U.S. District Judge David Coar in Chicago threw out six of eight claims in the suit filed two years ago. Go to Article from The New York [...]')('2006063', 'On Thursday, a bidder calling themselves "fastisslow" paid $620,100 in an eBay charity auction to dine with benevolent Berkshire Hathaway chairman Warren Buffett in New York. The tab nearly doubles last year\'s Buffet lunch auction whose winning bid was $351,100. The winning bidder will be able to take seven friends to lunch with Buffett at [...]')('2006063', 'Shares of Aventine Renewable Energy Holdings, the large ethanol producer, fell 10.8 percent in their first day of trading yesterday after the company increased the sale price and sold more shares. Aventine stock slid $4.63 to $38.37 from its offering price of $43. The shares priced at the top of their $40 to $43 range, [...]')('2006063', "Waste Management's former chief financial officer, James Koenig, was found liable Thursday for civil fraud and other securities violations that federal officials said caused investors to lose more than $6 billion. The allegations of corporate fraud at the company were the biggest ever brought by the government when the case was filed in March 2002. [...]")('2006063', "The Tenet Healthcare Corporation, the hospital operator, has reached a $900 million settlement with federal officials to end investigations into accusations of over billing Medicare. The settlement – valued at about one-fourth of Tenet's stock market value – will be paid over four years and ends all federal investigations by the Department of Justice and [...]")('2006063', 'Top Democrats on the U.S. House Financial Services Committee on Thursday unveiled a bill to reverse a recent court ruling that blocked efforts by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission to force most U.S. hedge fund advisers to register with the agency. The legislation is called the "Securities and Exchange Commission Authority Restoration Act of [...]')('2006063', "The crisis at EADS, the majority owner of Airbus, intensified yesterday when its co-chairman and leading shareholder Arnaud Lagardère refused to stand down in the face of overwhelming pressure from the French state and DaimlerChrysler, the two firms' other two big investors, to quit. The battle over a new executive structure makes the position of [...]")('2006063', "Defendants in the government's mammoth tax shelter case against 16 former employees of the accounting firm KPMG are quietly embracing separate defense strategies, a shift that could reshape the case. With less than three months remaining before trial, the moves could turn individual defendants against each other. But, it could also wreak havoc with the [...]")('2006063', "International credit card company MasterCard may have violated European Union antitrust rules by restricting competition between banks, the E.U.'s top competition authority said on Friday. The European Commission said it had sent a supplementary statement of objections to the company on June 23. This was a preliminary document and the Commission had yet to decide [...]")('2006063', "Aircraft maker and military contractor, The Boeing Company, announced yesterday that it would take second-quarter charges of up to $1.15 billion as a result of a settlement of ethics investigations with the federal government and delays in a surveillance aircraft program for Australia and Turkey. The charges are expected to more than eliminate Boeing's second-quarter [...]")('2006063', "Apple Computer and its chief executive are likely to come under heavy scrutiny following the company's announcement yesterday that it had uncovered irregularities related to stock options awarded between 1997 and 2001. The move raises questions about whether a grant made to chief executive Steven P. Jobs, one of the largest ever, was properly disclosed. [...]")('2006063', 'Private equity firm Gresham is poised to back a management buyout of the support services company Swift Technical Group. Gresham is reportedly set to pay 21 million pounds ($39 million) to founder Pat Swift for a significant stake in Swift Technical. The business provides recruitment and relocation services to the fuel sector and works for [...]')('2006063', 'The only big idea raider Nelson Peltz ever uttered to help turn around H.J. Heinz was a comment to make ketchup packets easier to open, a board report says. That slam was just one of many in a long list of black marks against Peltz in an 18-page Heinz report aiming to put a lid [...]')('2006063', "There was a time when banks lured new customers with kitchen appliances and digital clocks. Now Credit Suisse Group, to promote its latest $1.5 billion private equity fund, has set its hook with vastly richer bait. According to a recent summary prepared by the New Jersey state treasury, Credit Suisse has offered New Jersey's pension [...]")('2006063', "Software-testing startup AppLabs Technologies has completed a $10 million second round of funding from Sequoia Capital India, two months after the firm merged with Menlo Park, Calif.-based Sequoia Capital. Formerly known as WestBridge Capital Partners of Mauritius, Sequoia Capital India had previously invested $7 million in Philadelphia-based AppLabs' first round. Go to Article from The [...]")('2006063', "Venture capital firm Domain Associates' 2005 move from Princeton, N.J. to Southern California is part of a significant boom in the investment of seed money in a region known more for the entertainment and defense industries, surfing and sun-tinted skin. In 2005, venture capitalists invested $2.54 billion in 301 deals in the San Diego area [...]")('2006063', 'Plant-nutrient and ethanol concern The Andersons has filed to publicly offer about 2.3 million shares of its common stock. Of that amount, the company will sell 2 million shares, while 280,000 shares will be sold by certain shareholders named in the prospectus. Shares of The Andersons were recently off 2.1% in after-hours exchanges to $40.65. [...]')('2006063', "Gmarket has raised $139.1 million from its Nasdaq I.P.O. Investors appear to have ignored the still-shaky market environment and bought into the company's quest to become the top e-commerce marketplace provider and online auctioneer in Korea. Go to Article from Finance Asia »")('2006063', 'On Tuesday next week, Eros International, a well-known Indian film distribution company in Britain, will create history when it goes for a listing on the London Stock Exchange. The aim is to raise $100 million with shares offered initially only to institutions. In recent years, there has been pressure to put the film industry on [...]')('2006063', "It's an appealing proposition for a company to raise money first and figure out what to do later, and while so-called blank check initial public offerings are in the midst of a renaissance, they might not provide much of a thrill. The blank check scheme works like this: A lone management team files to go [...]")('2006063', 'This week millions of Russians have the chance to buy shares in Rosneft, the controversial Russian oil company, whose $10 billion initial public offering is taking place on the London and Moscow exchanges. As much as 30 percent of that is being offered to Russian retail investors, in what is being dubbed the "people\'s I.P.O." [...]')('2006063', "In a continuing effort to strengthen and expand its investment banking teams across the region, Lehman Brothers has appointed Wei Yen as managing director and head of ratings advisory for Asia. Dr. Yen will be responsible for advising Lehman Brothers' clients in all aspects of their rating agency relationships, as well as providing general corporate [...]")('2006063', "The bidding for hotel operator De Vere Group took an unexpected twist Thursday when Richard Balfour-Lynn's Alternative Hotel Group raised its offer in an attempt to pre-empt a possible counterbid from private equity firm Permira. AHG Venice, Mr. Balfour- Lynn's bidding vehicle, lifted its offer from 825 pence a share to 850 pence ($15.13 to [...]")('2006063', 'Imperial Chemical Industries has sold its Uniqema business to Croda International for 410 million pounds ($752 million), saying it will use over half the proceeds to cut its debt. Analysts had predicted that Uniqema, which makes ingredients for skin creams, would sell for 300 million pounds. Go to Article from The Telegraph »')('2006063', 'Deutsche Borse, thwarted in attempts to buy stock markets in London and Paris, approached the operator of the Spanish exchange about a possible combination. Deutsche Borse, owner of the Frankfurt stock exchange, wrote to Bolsas y Mercados on May 30 with an offer to begin discussions, the Madrid-based company said in the prospectus for its [...]')('2006063', "Barr Pharmaceuticals raised its offer for Pliva, eastern Europe's largest drug maker, to $2.3 billion in cash to beat a bid from Iceland's Actavis Group. The move came after Actavis had raised its offer to $2.3 billion on Thursday, trumping a previous $2.2 billion bid by Barr Pharmaceuticals Inc. that was accepted by Pliva's board [...]")('2006063', "The directors of Michaels Stores, the nation's largest arts and crafts retailer, are expected to meet today to consider two takeover bids that could value the company at more than $5.2 billion, said the New York Times. Michaels, which put itself up for auction in March, has received bids from two consortiums of private equity [...]")('2006063', "The Macquarie Bank consortium that was considering a $5.1 billion cash offer for Associated British Ports has pulled out of the bidding war for the U.K.'s biggest ports owner. The withdrawal of the Macquarie group opens the way for rival Admiral, made up of Borealis Infrastructure Management, Goldman Sachs, GIC and Prudential, to secure control [...]")('2006063', 'European bourse regulators demanded Thursday that the Russian steel group Severstal clarify its intentions regarding its rival Arcelor, which agreed last weekend to merge with Mittal Steel, breaking a deal with the Russian company. Arcelor shareholders, meanwhile, will have the chance to vote down a proposed Severstal merger on Friday. Severstal owner Aleksei Mordashov told [...]')('2006063', "Britain's BP is considering taking a stake in Russian oil concern Rosneft when the latter goes public next week, according to Breakingviews. Given the stock's high price and Russia's limits on foreign investment - not to mention Rosneft's politically controversial history - what is BP thinking? Breakingviews says it could be a strategic tactic to [...]")('2006063', "Warner Music demanded an inducement fee of up to 26 million pounds from EMI and failed to satisfy the British company's board that it had the financing to pull off its 2.6 billion pound counter-bid made earlier this week, according to The Times of London. A row erupted between the two companies last night over [...]")('2006063', "Just two weeks after winning drug maker Schering AG in a $21.3 billion deal, German drug maker Bayer AG announced plans to sell the diagnostics division of Bayer HealthCare to Siemens AG for $5.3 billion. Bayer said the unit no longer fits with the rest of Bayer's healthcare-focused businesses. Go to Article from The Daily [...]")('2006063', "As the Fourth of July holiday approaches, many investment bankers could probably use the downtime. The latest data show that during the first six months of 2006, mergers and acquisitions activity hit record levels - $1.93 trillion worldwide, by Dealogic's reckoning. Monday alone brought about $90 billion in announced deals, including Phelps Dodge's proposed acquisition [...]")('2006063', 'Referees who will continue and the assignments for the quarterfinals.')('2006063', 'DaimlerChrysler unit Chrysler Group is expected to announce that it will begin making Dodge Challengers again, possibly for sale as soon as 2008; Chrysler is set to unveil series of TV commercials starring DaimlerChrysler chief executive Dieter Zetsche; dealers say Chrysler will probably bring back employee-discount pricing incentive program (M)')('2006063', 'Holland Cotter reviews Luke Fowler art film at White Columns gallery; photo (M)')('2006063', 'Russian ruble moves closer to becoming fully convertible world currency after government says it will lift restrictions on currency operations by July 1 (S)')('2006063', "Supreme Court upholds Arizona's limited approach to insanity defense, ruling that states are not obliged to permit defendant to argue that mental illness prevented him from from forming requisite intent to commit crime; case was brought by Arizona man who, as teenager, was suffering from paranoid schizophrenia when he killed police officer (M)")('2006063', 'Reckitt Benckiser will consolidate creative part of its ad account, effective in January, at offices of Euro RSCG Worldwide, part of Havas; spending is estimated at $600 million (S)')('2006063', 'World Cup quarterfinal matches discussed; photo (S)B')('2006063', 'Charts of top 10 underwriters and top 10 mergers and acquisitions advisers in 2005 (S)')('2006063', 'Goldman Sachs agrees to purchase 7 percent stake in National Commodity andDerivatives Exchange of India for $330 million from ICICI Bank (S)')('2006063', "McCarren Park pool in Greenpoint, Brooklyn, is newest of city's big summer music spaces, competing with series like SummerStage in Central Park, Celebrate Brooklyn in Prospect Park and River to River in Lower Manhattan; pool was closed in 1984 after falling in disrepair; its resurrection as concert space detailed; other outdoor music spaces and events discussed; list of concerts at summer festivals; photos (M)")('2006063', 'Grace Glueck reviews show featuring works by James Castle and Walker Evans at Knoedler & Company gallery (M)')('2006063', 'Nascar playoff format could expand to include more drivers (S)u')('2006063', "Anita Gates reviews home makeover series What's Your Sign? Design; photo (M).")('2006063', 'Arts, Briefly; TV Catna')('2006063', "Five letters comment on June 29 editorial defending Israeli military response to Hamas's killing and kidnapping of Israeli soldiers; Stuart Pilichowski says no country should tolerate intimidation and indiscriminate acts of violence; Scott Davis defends Palestinians who, he contends, are ruled by occupying power; Gilead Ini, research analyst for Committee for Accuracy in Middle East Reporting in America, says Hamas still refuses to recognize Israel's legitimacy; Hichem Gallala says people are too quick to blame Palestinians for violence in Gaza; Nancy McDonald says Israel's reckless disregard for lives of Palestinians provokes violence")('2006063', 'New York Republican Senate aspirant Kathleen Troia McFarland spends dwindling campaign funds to form own political line; strategy allows Democrats to vote for her in primary; McFarland needs 15,000 signatures on petitions to qualify for ballot line (S)')('2006063', 'Photo of Argentina soccer team, which will face Germany in World Cup quarterfinal2')('2006063', 'Dave Anderson Sports of The Times column discusses catchy nicknames that used to punctuate game of baseball; photo (M)0')('2006063', 'Letter from Reps Richard Pombo, Marsha Blackburn, John Shadegg and John Sullivan scores June 26 editorial; agrees that revising mileage standards is overdue, but says it makes sense to explore offshore oil')('2006063', 'AT 32, JETER HAS EXPERIENCED IT ALL IN THIS CRO')('2006063', 'Food and Drug Administration issues strong warning that controversial antibiotic Ketek could, in rare circumstances, cause serious liver injury, liver failure or death; Ketek is manufactured by Sanofi-Aventis and has been approved to treat bronchitis, sinusitus and some pneumonias (M)')('2006063', "J Paul Getty is reported to have paid $64,000 in legal fees for Barbara Fleischman, trustee who testified in deposition on behalf of former Getty curator Marion True, who has been accused of conspiring to deal in looted artifacts by Italy; lawyers had warned that covering such expense could jeopardize trust's nonprofit status (S)")('2006063', "Three letters respond to June 23 article about reducing pain of lethal injection; Sarah Tofte, consultant to US Program of Human Rights Watch, says whenever state executes prisoners, it participates in act of cruel and unusual punishment; Dr Lawrence I Bonchek says conundrum in method of lethal injection persists only because American Medican Assn guidelines prohibit doctors from carrying out actual executions; suggests using something similar to fast-acting anesthesizing drug; Jeff Strayer expresses concern that United States's position in world is compromised because of its use of capital punishment")('2006063', 'Nancy J Brandwein letter favors having more art teachers, but recalls attending school in less pressured times when teachers would regularly include creative endeavors as part of regular lessons (June 26 article)')('2006063', "Photo of Venus Williams' defeat of Lisa Raymond at Wimbledon\x84")('2006063', 'Ken Johnson reviews works by Cosima von Bonin at Friedrich Petsel gallery (M)')('2006063', 'Excerpts from decision and dissent in Supreme Court ruling on Bush administration plan to try detainees before military commissions (M)')('2006063', 'New York State Appeals Court Chief Judge Judith S Kaye rejects Comptroller William C Thompson Jr challenge to five year agreement allowing Snapple to sell beverages in city-owned buildings; deal is worth $33 million (S)')('2006063', "Alice Alyse, dancer and actress who says she was harassed for having large breasts and toe injury while performing with touring version of musical Movin' Out, files lawsuit against Actors' Equity Association; suit claims that union failed to address her complaints of sexual harassment and ethnic discrimination; photo (S)")('2006063', 'Four letters comment on June 28 editorial about New York Times decision to publish reports of counterterrorism activities; Robert J Inlow praises decision and wonders what other secret activities government is undertaking; Bill Decker says Times is feeding information to enemy; Henry A Lowenstein argues that Times should not have to defend itself for reporting news; Monte Seewald says Times should not have printed story of secret antiterrorism program')('2006063', 'MSNBC says it will shift prime-time lineup away from talk shows after 10 PM and focus on documentary programming; Rita Cosby will take over as anchor of documentary reports and produce specials for channel; Tucker Carlson will move to daytime slot (S)')('2006063', 'Guy LeBow letter recalls traveling with Humphrey Bogart on publicity tour; says Bogart would have been embarrassed at having New York City block named after him, but concludes that he deserves it (June 23 article)')('2006063', 'Holland Cotter reviews photographs by Vivan Sundaram at Sepia International gallery (M)')