('2006030', "I'm at Kennedy Airport heading for Chad and Darfur. Lydia Polgreen of the Times had a great story from there a couple of days ago, and I'll have my first column from there for Tuesday. So don't expect much on this blog for the next 10 days or so. I'll try to file a bit [...]")('2006030', 'After my column Tuesday, about the poll showing that most U.S. troops in Iraq want out, I heard from a surprising number of troops. Apparently the column buzzed among them by email, and most of those I heard from said it sounded right to them. But they also reflected distinctions that were apparent in the [...]')('2006030', 'I am a passionate baseball fan. I have been a Cardinals season ticket holder for many years. I resell a lot of the tickets, and some I just give away, but I still go to 25 to 30 games a season. Whenever I look around the stands, I see very few black people, often fewer [...]')('2006030', 'What is DealBook? DealBook is a new financial service on NYTimes.com that will offer up-to-the-minute reporting and news of Wall Street and the financial world. When is DealBook published? It is published daily, Monday through Friday, except on market holidays in the United States and during the last week of the year. Who writes and […]')('2006030', 'New York Times to Launch ‘DealBook,’ New Financial News Report on the Web NEW YORK–(BUSINESS WIRE)–March 6, 2006–The New York Times announced today the launch of DealBook, a new online financial news report on NYTimes.com featuring up-to-the-minute news and exclusives about Wall Street and corporate America. The continually updated report edited by Andrew Ross Sorkin, […]')('2006030', 'How do you raise money when your institution has been made much poorer by an ongoing sex scandal - like, say, the Catholic Church? You sell off your valuable but obsolete property. And whom do you sell it to? Well, to people you really like. And maybe at a bargain price. The National Catholic Reporter [...]')('2006030', 'Readers respond to Thomas Friedman\'s Mar. 1 column, "Who\'s Afraid of a Gas Tax?" Sherm Gallay, Lee, N.Y.: Can you get a voting majority of Americans to make a deliberate sacrifice which directly affects their pocketbooks? I would like to hope so, but I don\'t think so. Your pro-tax stump speech is compelling and accurate, [...]')('2006030', "Have you ever had a real-estate agent tell you that a rising market will help you trade up to a nicer home? It isn't true. A fall in house prices, in all likelihood, is the best thing that could happen to you if you want to sell your home and move into a nicer one [...]")('2006030', 'Ambitious restaurants often present new spins on old practices, but one of the ways Del Posto dares to be different struck me as odd.')('2006030', 'Wachovia Corp , the No. 4 U.S. bank, on Wednesday said it had hired Atul Bajpai as chief executive for corporate and investment banking in Europe. Mr. Bajpai will join the company in London and also head the company’s European fixed-income team. He previously worked at Dresdner Kleinwort Wasserstein as managing director and global head […]')('2006030', 'Bank of China, the nation’s second- biggest lender, may raise as much as $8 billion in a Hong Kong initial public offering in June after shelving plans for a simultaneous sale in Shanghai, Bloomberg News reported. Bank of China is trying to keep its overseas IPO plan on track to tap increasing appetite for Asian […]')('2006030', 'Among the knocks on J. P. Morgan Chase’s investment bank has been that it lacks a retail brokerage network to distribute new shares of stock for companies it helped take public. There have long been whispers that the bank might buy such a business in a huge deal. But on Tuesday, J. P Morgan signaled […]')('2006030', 'With the proposed purchase of KeySpan Corp. by London-based National Grid moving ahead, another local utility may make an equally attractive long-term buyout candidate: the Long Island Power Authority itself. In interviews yesterday, officials at LIPA and KeySpan acknowledged that LIPA officials met with National Grid a year ago when they began reviewing the possibility […]')('2006030', 'France risks becoming “the cantankerous neighbor” of Europe and suffering a protectionist backlash, the head of the country’s biggest institutional investor warned on Tuesday as the government attempted to ward off foreign bids for Suez and Arcelor. Go to Article from The Financial Times via MSNBC » Want to buy a European power company? Don’t […]')('2006030', 'A New York state appeals court justice has ordered American International Group Inc. to turn over a report critical of Maurice R. Greenberg , the ousted chief executive of the company, to him by March 6. The New York attorney general, Eliot Spitzer, obtained a version of the report by A.I.G.’s lawyers before suing the […]')('2006030', 'Shareholders approved a buyout deal to take the Dave & Buster’s restaurant chain private, the company said on Tuesday. Despite concerns by several of the company’s large shareholders that the chain is worth more than the $375 million offered by an affiliate of Wellspring Capital Partners of New York City, Dave & Buster’s said the […]')('2006030', 'European private equity firm Permira has dropped out of the private equity group bidding for Dutch market research company VNU on concerns that its 7.3 billion euro ($8.7 billion) preliminary offer was too costly, Reuters reported. Permira’s move is a setback for the bidding group, but with six other buyout firms remaining, the firm’s departure […]')('2006030', 'The corporate mergers and acquisitions business has been so strong during the first two months of 2006 that investment bankers are predicting a record year for deals. Analysts attribute the increase in deals in part to heightened activism among investors like hedge funds that are pushing companies to sell off unprofitable business units. “We’re very […]')('2006030', 'BASF, the world’s largest chemicals company, agreed to buy Degussa AG’s construction materials unit for 2.2 billion euros ($2.6 billion) as it seeks consistent sources of revenue. BASF, which has also mounted a hostile $4.9 billion bid for the American catalytic converters maker Engelhard Corp., beat out other bidders for the unit of Dusseldorf, Germany-based […]')('2006030', 'A group of Tyco International shareholders plans to drop a federal lawsuit aimed at blocking the breakup of the conglomerate into three companies, a lawyer for the plaintiffs said Tuesday. The lawsuit, filed Feb. 14 in United States District Court in Concord, N.H. by shareholders suing Tyco in a separate four-year-old case, argued that the […]')('2006030', 'Philip Anschutz , the Denver billionaire, is leaving the boards of Qwest Communications, Regal Entertainment and Union Pacific Railroad this spring to focus on his private investments. Jim Monaghan, a spokesman for Mr. Anschutz, denied that the decision had anything to do with the case of Qwest’s former chief executive, Joe Nacchio, who was recently […]')('2006030', 'The chief executive of HJ Heinz, the food company facing theprospect of a management challenge from activist investor Nelson Peltz, launched a vigorous defense of his strategy. But one U.S. investment banker focusing on food companies said the spotlight on Heinz from the threat of action by Mr. Peltz could encourage prospective buyers to make […]')('2006030', 'strong>CBS Radio filed a lawsuit against Howard Stern yesterday, contending that he used his last months on the air there to build up his future employer, Sirius Satellite Radio, and gained financial advantages through a stock sale at the expense of CBS. After Mr. Stern’s attack, CBS filed its 43-page complaint, which accused him of […]')('2006030', 'A senior executive from Refco , the futures and commodities brokerage now in bankruptcy, said on Tuesday the company at times had borrowed much more than $1 billion against customer assets, but that clients should have known from their trading documents that it could happen. Go to Article from The Washington Post »')('2006030', 'Online retailer Overstock.com Inc. said Tuesday that it would restate financial results dating back to 2002, citing an error related to accounting for freight costs, which will cut the net loss reported for the annual periods. In light of the accounting error, certain financial statements “should no longer be relied upon,” the company said in […]')('2006030', 'A former Enron executive on Tuesday gave the strongest testimony yet in the five-week-old trial that Jeffrey K. Skilling, the company’s former chief executive, signed off on a controversial accounting shift involving troubled trading contracts. The witness, David W. Delainey, who led the Energy Services unit at Enron, said that he initially resisted the idea […]')('2006030', 'Diebold agreed to buy Genpass Service Solutions from U.S. Bancorp. Terms were not disclosed, but Diebold will provide service for about 6,000 ATM’s in 34 states, in addition to ATMs the company is already contracted to service throughout the country. Go to Article from TheStreet.com »')('2006030', 'Goldman Sachs is the frontrunner for a plum underwriting role on the expected $10 billion IPO of Industrial & Commercial Bank of China as investment banks pitch for the last big Chinese offering for the foreseeable future, Reuters reported. Goldman is also underwriting the $8 billion IPO of Bank of China with UBS and BOC […]')('2006030', 'A record number of hedge funds launched and liquidated in 2005, suggesting that the industry remains buoyant but increasingly competitive, Hedge Fund Research said Tuesday. HFR, which tracks hedge-fund performance, said that 2,073 funds started last year, while 848 funds liquidated. That’s up from 1,435 launches and 296 closures in 2004, the firm added. Go […]')('2006030', 'What is the impact of politicians getting so involved in the recent wave of cross- border mergers and acquisitions? The political squawking may temporarily discourage companies from going beyond their national borders, but it is unlikely to curb deal volume or cut acquisition prices in the long term, investment bankers and lawyers tell Reuters. Go […]')('2006030', 'Wells Fargo, the No. 5 bank in the United States, said on Tuesday that it had agreed to buy closely held Commerce Funding Corp. to increase business with government contractors. Go to Article from Reuters »')('2006030', "Lachlan Murdoch was the heir apparent to Rupert Murdoch's media-conglomerate throne until the two parted ways last year and the son left New York and returned to Australia. Now, the younger Murdoch has put what was to be his New York mansion up for sale. The listing for the five-story brick building at 11 Spring [...]")('2006030', 'Robert Pickering, the chief executive of J.P. Morgan Cazenove, has said the joint venture which brought the two firms together exactly a year ago would almost inevitably lead to a full-blown acquisition of Cazenove by JP Morgan. Since deciding to give up 180 years of independence to link up to one of America’s largest investment […]')('2006030', 'Esporta, a privately owned health club operator, has been knocked out of the Next Generation Clubs auction after its offer of about 180 million pounds was deemed too low, The Times of London said. It is understood that six parties have been put through to the next round, including London & Regional Properties and Robert […]')('2006030', 'The Supreme Court takes up a major case today about the legality of tens of billions of dollars in tax breaks that states and local governments award businesses each year to build new factories or offices, or just to stay put. Supporters consider the subsidies vital economic development tools while critics denounce them as corporate […]')('2006030', 'Joint ventures have broad power to set prices without violating U.S. antitrust laws, the Supreme Court ruled in an oil-industry case, overturning a lower court decision that drew a torrent of objections from companies and the Bush administration. The justices unanimously threw out a suit that accused Royal Dutch/Shell Group and Chevron Corp. of using […]')('2006030', 'Telefonica, the Spanish telecommunications company, said Tuesday it was considering selling its phone-directory unit TPI after its 17.7 billion pound ($26 billion) takeover of O2, the British mobile operator. Telefonica owns 60 percent of TPI, a stake worth about 1.9 billion euros at current market prices that value TPI as a whole at around 3 […]')('2006030', 'A former associate at top class action law firm Bernstein Litowitz Berger & Grossman may proceed with claims that the firm unfairly denied her hundreds of thousands of dollars in business development bonuses, a New York judge has ruled. Go to Article from New York Law Journal via Law.com »')('2006030', 'On the scrap heap that is now the American auto sector, the largest portfolio of assets officially on the market is the 15 plants that Ford Motor bought back from Visteon. Ford will not sell all the assets to one buyer, but investment bankers say Ford has a strong preference for a “strategic” buyer from […]')('2006030', 'A potential bid battle is looming for London and Continental Railways, the company building the 5.2 billion pound Channel Tunnel Rail Link, whose debts are largely guaranteed by the taxpayer. Alistair Darling, the British transport secretary, is expected to make a statement on Tuesday to Parliament disclosing that the government has received further approaches for […]')('2006030', 'Publicly traded Charter Communications Inc.’s sale of assets has given two private equity-backed companies a chance to build out their telecom platforms. Cebridge Connections Inc., backed by Goldman Sachs Capital Partners and Oaktree Capital Management, and New Wave Communications, backed by Wachovia Capital Partners, have both taken advantage of Charter’s need for cash to acquire […]')('2006030', 'HBOS , Britain’s biggest mortgage bank, posted second-half profit that missed analysts’ estimates as its market share of mortgages declined. The stock fell as much as 4.9 percent, the most in three years. Go to Article from Bloomberg News »')('2006030', 'Boston-based lawfirm Bingham McCutchen completed an agreement onTuesday to acquire Swidler Berlin of Washington a month earlier than expected. The merger expands Bingham’s Washington practice areas, from primarily Securities and Exchange Commission-related issues to telecommunications and lobbying. Go to Article from Legal Times via Law.com » Go to Article from The Boston Globe »')('2006030', 'For years, Robert Verdun has been one of Corporate Canada’s biggest gadflies, a controversial shareholder activist known for his withering assessments of the country’s Big Banks. This week, however, as the banks begin hosting their annual meetings, the tables could be turned, and it could soon be Mr. Verdun who finds himself on the wrong […]')('2006030', 'Among the slew of Skype-like voice over IP providers currently vying for market share, TelTel is looking to differentiate itself through its strategy of partnering with service providers. TelTel, a provider of a SIP-based Internet telephony service, said it secured an $8.8 million Series A round in December. Go to Article from VentureWire Professional »')('2006030', 'Symphony Technology Group said on Tuesday it has acquired the assets of ImmediateFX LLC, an analytics-based marketing services consultancy. Palo Alto-based Symphony Technology is a privately-held strategic software and services holding company led by Romesh Wadhwani. Go to Article from The Silicon Valley/ San Jose Business Journal »')('2006030', 'Royal Bank of Scotland bowed to pressure from shareholders yesterday and promised to return up to 1 billion pounds to them by buying back shares over the next year. Go to Article from The Independent »')('2006030', 'General Motors is putting pressure on its investment bankers to reach the outline of a deal to sell a majority stake in its GMAC finance arm before its board meets Monday, according to The Financial Times. The unit could be worth $11.5 billion but that the slow progress of talks about a sale of GMAC […]')('2006030', 'Market Force Information has raised $19.3 million in Series A financing to tell retailers and consumer packaged goods companies what it’s like to shop in their stores and buy their products. The Boulder, Colo.-based company has already put some of its capital to work, buying an Atlanta-based company, Shop’n Chek Inc., that sends anonymous shoppers […]')('2006030', 'Hendersen Group yesterday became a front-runner to buy the Gartmore fund management group after shelving a payout to shareholders to give it the necessary fire power. While not naming Gartmore, Roger Yates, Henderson’s chief executive, said that he was looking at a specific potential acquisition. Go to Article from The Times of London »')('2006030', 'E-commerce software developer Synchronoss Technologies Inc. filed for an initial public offering Tuesday to sell up to $75 million in common stock. Bridgewater, N.J.-based Synchronoss, whose customers include Cingular Wireless, Vonage Holdings Corp., Cablevision Systems Corp. and AT&T Inc., makes software that provides e-commerce order processing, transaction management and provisioning. Go to Article from The […]')('2006030', 'As a deadline nears for submitting bids for Knight Ridder Inc., MediaNews Group Inc. and Gannett Co. are working on a joint bid, according to The San Jose Mercury News. The McClatchy Co. newspaper chain, which is based in Sacramento, Calif., also is preparing a bid, the paper reported Go to Article from The San […]')('2006030', 'Centre Partners has sold its remaining 23% stake in fishing company American Seafoods Group LLC to management and a business partner for $81.75 million, finally exiting completely from the investment with a six times cash-on-cash return. Go to Article from LBO Wire »')('2006030', 'Vega Asset Management, one of the world’s largest hedge-fund firms, and Spanish bank Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria SA unveiled a $3 billion joint venture on Tuesday that will back startup managers in the $1 trillion alternative investment industry. BBVA, Spain’s second-largest bank, will own 51 percent of the venture, which is called Proxima Alfa Investments. […]')('2006030', 'The banks that own FXall, a foreign exchange electronic trading platform, are in talks to sell a minority stake to private equity firms, extending recent merger and acquisition activity in this sector, according to Reuters. Go to Article from Reuters »')('2006030', 'Convenience store chain Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. continues its expansion in the United States with the purchase of 40 additional stores in the Indianapolis area from Shell Oil Products US, all equipped with gas bars. The company did not reveal the purchase cost Tuesday, but said the $160 million they generate in annual revenues will cover […]')('2006030', 'DCA Capital Partners, liking the fighting spirit of Kovars Martial Arts Inc., has provided between $750,000 and $1.25 million to fuel the California-based karate school’s growth plans around New York City. Go to Article from LBO Wire »')('2006030', 'As part of its ongoing antitrust case against Intel, Advanced Micro Devices on Tuesday served Skype with a subpoena demanding documents related to its deal to make one feature in Skype 2.0 available exclusively to Intel users. The legal filing joins a long list of subpoenas AMD has filed in search of evidence that Intel […]')('2006030', "With President Bush en route to India, editorials in The Los Angeles Times and The New York Times concur: it would be a good thing if Congress spiked the president's nuclear cooperation deal with New Delhi. If the deal goes through, argues the L.A. Times: The message to Iran, North Korea and other nuclear wannabes [...]")('2006030', "Oh, they are at it again. You know how I've been telling you for months to watch local inventories, that those numbers are the key to seeing where the market is headed? Or how an important piece of information on the Multiple Listing Service posting is the date on the market. Well, you can't get [...]")('2006030', "Why is Jonathan Miller's Matrix required reading? Because of items like this one on banks getting into real estate brokering. He grabs you right from the start: I wonder if the NAR, in some respects is regretting the housing boom. With all the income the industry has generated, it has also generated attention that probably [...]")('2006030', "I had totally forgotten about this online real estate game site I played last summer. It's still there and I am no better at flipping homes than I was then. Go to Mansion Impossible and try to make enough money to buy the big mansion with pool. Get stuck with inventory as house prices drop. [...]")('2006030', "Steve Jobs can't tear down an aging Spanish Colonial in Woodside, Calif, says a California Superior Court Judge. He's been trying to do it for four years, longer than it took to turn around Apple, or get Pixar rolling and perhaps, if Barron's is right, longer than it will take to control Disney. Here is [...]")('2006030', 'Harvard historian Richard Pipes writes on the Wall Street Journal op-ed page about the historical roots of Russia\'s antagonistic relationship with the rest of the world [$]: "There are many causes to account for such actions that range from noncooperation to outright hostility. Two stand out. One is Russia\'s inability to find for itself a [...]')('2006030', 'At this time of year, it becomes all about warm feelings, the faintly felt air kiss, and the faux compliments - "I\'ve never seen anything quite like that dress you\'re wearing!" Why, thanks. As he prepares to pack up the carpetbag and head to L.A. one last time, the Bagger would like to eschew all [...]')('2006030', 'Selborne Journal: 1 March 1759: Sowed some Cucumber-seeds to give away. *** A small box of garden-seeds arrived a few days ago, just as the thermometer fell and the winds picked up. The ground is harder now than it was a month ago, and yet my thoughts keep turning to the raised beds, wondering how [...]')('2006030', "Forbes, perhaps realizing there is not much of a business angle to the Oscars because, well, the movies didn't do much business, just jumps in for some fun, running analytics on Oscar speeches and coming up with a few surprises: Not everyone thanks the academy - only 18 (or 43%) of our winners did. Writers, [...]")('2006030', "Box Office Mojo charts the brutal truth, demonstrating that Oscar, as buff as he is at 78, can't quite provide the lift that he used to. Best picture nominees generally have performed a cash-ectomy on audiences to the tune of about $100 million over the past few years, give or take, but this year, the [...]")('2006030', 'Zana Briski, winner of the 2005 Oscar for best documentary for "Born into Brothels." (Fernando Leon/Getty Images) If you\'re absolutely determined to win an Oscar, you could do worse than hooking up with the New York Foundation for the Arts, a little-noted incubator for talent that ends up with its hands around the statue. Tony [...]')('2006030', "Five Oscars - including Oscar Wilde and Oscar the Grouch - weigh in on the meaning of Oscar. Oscar Madison was not having much of it, according to The Film Experience: He admits right up front that he didn't bother to watch most of these movies. Too much crying in these movies. It annoys him. [...]")('2006030', 'Will Philip Seymour Hoffman bark his way into Oscar infamy? He threatened to on the Letterman show the other night.')('2006030', 'In this lesson, students identify and describe celebrations held around the world, in terms of culture, geography, and history. They then create designs for parade floats to represent these celebrations.')('2006030', 'JPMorgan Cazenove, the U.K. investment banking joint venture, said on Tuesday total revenues rose 18 percent in 2005 to 342 million pounds ($594.9 million) on a pro-forma basis. Go to Article from Reuters »')('2006030', 'You’ve come up with a world-changing idea, or at least an industry-changing idea. You have a business plan. Now all that stands between you and your startup is an angel. The most famous angel investment in recent years was probably the $100,000 check that Sun Microsystems co-founder Andy Bechtolsheim made out to Google after watching […]')('2006030', 'TeleNav Inc., which makes audio and visual enhancements for location-based mobile phone service, has upped its VC intake by more than 100% with a $30 million Series E round of funding. The round, led by new investor Menlo Ventures, brings TeleNav’s total funding to roughly $50 million. Go to Article from VentureWire Professional »')('2006030', 'For most people, instant messaging is a largely text-based experience livened up by sideways smiley faces and other “emoticons.” IMVU Inc. aims to change that with a three-dimensional instant messaging service that combines social networking, virtual reality and e-commerce. Venture investors betting on IMVU’s technology have already poured $8 million in Series A financing into […]')('2006030', 'Merger-and-acquisition activity in Canada jumped 47 per cent to a near-record $166-billion last year amid “ideal market conditions,” investment banker Crosbie & Company Inc. said Monday. Go to Article from The Globe and Mail')('2006030', 'A new angel investment group wants to find the next big company to emerge from the Pacific Northwest. And as its name suggests, the Northwest Energy Angel Group believes there is a big opportunity to help energy-related startups – from solar power to alternative fuel companies – grow their businesses. Go to Article from The […]')('2006030', 'Lehman Brothers Merchant Banking and Lightyear Capital have launched Flagstone Reinsurance Holdings Ltd., becoming the latest private equity firms to try to capitalize on the demand for reinsurance after last summer’s devastating hurricanes. Flagstone is looking to sell property and specialty reinsurance in places like Florida, where rates are currently among the highest in the […]')('2006030', 'The New York Stock Exchange wants to join with the National Association of Securities Dealers in regulating brokerage firms, but the latter has argued that the exchange’s plan to go public is a conflict of interest, according to The Wall Street Journal. Go to Article from MarketWatch »')('2006030', 'Two minor figures in the Enron story added on Monday to testimony that the company had padded earnings and shifted hundreds of millions in losses from one division to another to disguise problems that might have concerned investors. Go to Article from The New York Times Go to Article from USA Today »')('2006030', 'Only about $150,000 of the allegedly $150 million in assets of an Atlanta-based hedge fund has been found by investigators probing allegations of fraud there, according to The Wall Street Journal. A bench warrant has been issued for the arrest of Kirk Wright, founder and CEO of Atlanta-based International Management Associates, in hopes of getting […]')('2006030', 'In Hollywood, director Steven Spielberg always seems to get his way. Which explains why someone as driven as Universal Pictures Chairwoman Stacey Snider would relinquish her powerful position as head of one of Hollywood’s six major studios to run a small movie production label for a lot less money. Go to Article from The Los […]')('2006030', 'It took federal prosecutors more than two years to crack celebrity private eye Anthony Pellicano’s encrypted audio files. But knowledge that prosecutors have such tapes has the Los Angeles legal community abuzz with rumors of both new criminal charges and civil suits resulting from the indictments. Even downtown lawyers — a group largely separate from […]')('2006030', 'French regulators are investigating trades in a portfolio managed by a founding partner at hedge-fund company GLG Partners LP, according to The Wall Street Journal. The investigation is as part of a broader probe into whether several large London hedge funds breached insider-trading rules. Go to Article from MarketWatch »')('2006030', 'The financial future of California’s novel $3 billion human embryonic stem cell research institute went on trial Monday as three groups tried to block the state-funded research. Go to Article from The San Jose Mercury News »')('2006030', 'An Internet company that bilked investors out of more than $50 million dollars was charged with securities fraud by federal regulators on Monday. The Securities and Exchange Commission charged Charis Johnson, 33 of Charlotte, N.C. and her companies 12daily Pro and LifeClicks LLC in the federal district court of Los Angeles, Calif. The agency said […]')('2006030', 'Microsoft last night stepped up its antitrust battle with the European Commission by publishing letters between Steve Ballmer, its chief executive, and Neelie Kroes, the EU Competition Commissioner, to show that it had complied with a Brussels mandate to allow competitors access to its technology. Go to Article from The Times of London »')('2006030', 'Influential proxy adviser Glass Lewis is recommending Disney shareholders withhold their votes for Chairman George Mitchell at the company’s upcoming annual meeting, partly because of revelations he hid a negative evaluation of Bob Iger during last year’s CEO search. Go to Article from The New York Post »')('2006030', 'Charter Communications expects to raise $900 million from a pair of cable deals, both of which are with firms that have private equity backing. The company said Tuesday it will sell systems in West Virginia and Virginia to Cebridge Connections and assets in Illinois and Kentucky to New Wave Communications. The two transactions cover about […]')('2006030', 'Shares of Intrawest jumped 14% Tuesday after the resort operator said it has hired Goldman Sachs to explore its strategic options. The Vancouver-based company, whose holdings include the Whistler Blackcomb ski resort in British Columbia, said the options under consideration include “a capital structure review, strategic partnerships or business combinations.” Its market capitalization, after the […]')('2006030', 'A lead defense lawyer in the fraud trial of two former Enron executives tried on Thursday to portray the government’s most effective witness so far as a greedy manager with a selective memory who had been carefully scripted by prosecutors. Go to Article from The New York Times »')('2006030', 'HealthSouth, which runs a chain of outpatient rehabilitation hospitals, said on Thursday that it had agreed to pay $445 million to settle investor lawsuits filed after federal investigators uncovered accounting fraud at the company. Go to Article from The New York Times »')('2006030', 'Lloyd Mandell, a managing director at Glenview Capital Management LLC, has left the $5 billion hedge-fund firm to start his own fund, according to two people familiar with his plans. Go to Article from MarketWatch »')('2006030', 'An eco-friendly coffee cup that conducts less heat? That’s one of the ideas behind MicroGreen Polymers, an Arlington, Wash. startup that just landed $2.4 million in financing to test the concept. Go to Article from The Seattle Post-Intelligencer »')('2006030', 'Silicon Valley startups have a strange aversion to meeting customers. Age-old business wisdom from UPS could help them break this bad habit, according to Business 2.0. Go to Article from Business 2.0 »')('2006030', 'Lloyds TSB reported higher profits today but said the cost of protecting its high street banking operations against bad debts had risen by a third. Go to Article from The Independent »')('2006030', 'Toronto-Dominion Bank reported what its chief executive officer described as a “remarkable” first quarter yesterday, churning out $2.3-billion in profit, recording double-digit growth in its juggernaut Canadian retail operations, and turning in stellar trading results that underpinned a resurgent performance by its investment bank. Go to Article from The Globe and Mail »')('2006030', 'HSBC Holdings, Europe’s largest bank, has confirmed plans to restructure its corporate and investment banking divisions in a move that could see high-profile executive John Studzinski move to a new role. Go to Article from The Telegraph » Go to Article from The Times of London »')('2006030', 'Fox Cable Networks said on Thursday it has agreed to purchase Turner Broadcasting‘s Turner South regional sports and entertainment network for an undisclosed sum. Go to Article from Reuters via CNN Money »')('2006030', 'Boston Scientific has filed documents with European regulators telling them of its intent to acquire medical-device maker Guidant. Go to Article from TheStreet.com »')('2006030', 'Murray Chass On Baseball column discusses World Baseball Classic, which some Major Leaguers feel would put their baseball health at risk (M)')('2006030', 'Workers building new subway terminal at South Ferry in Manhattan find yet another big section of 18th-century seawall standing in their way; Metropolitan Transportation Authority is considering embedding part of another section of wall found earlier in glass wall inside new terminal; photo (M)')('2006030', 'VENEZUELA CONQUERS CARIBBEAN AND EYES ITS CLASSIC MOMü')('2006030', 'Octavia Butler, internationally acclaimed science fiction writer, dies at age 58; photo (M)')('2006030', 'Billionaire financier Bruce Kovner donates trove of precious music manuscripts to Juilliard School; gift consists of 139 items including autograph scores, sketches, composer-emended proofs and first editions of major works; gift is largest of its kind by private collector to institution; photo (M)')('2006030', 'Crawfish shortage in Louisiana has pushed prices up to four times higher than last year; Hurricane Rita had much to do with creating shortage, which experts say will cost state more than $38 million in revenue; cost to residents of southern Louisiana, used to cheap, plentiful crawfish, is more difficult to measure; photos (M)')('2006030', 'Dave Ande')('2006030', 'Atty Gen Eliot Spitzer and County Exec Thomas R Suozzi, rivals for Democratic nomination for governor, will both attend New York Democratic Rural Conference in Ithaca; Suozzi is told that he will not be allowed to address delegates unless one of them formally nominates him and another seconds nomination; conference has supported Spitzer (M)')('2006030', 'Correction; Feb 22 article on quest for great chicken soup in New York City misspelled name of chef')('2006030', 'Danny Perasa, radio pundit who told stories about woman who became his wife, and former member of office staff at New York Times, dies at age 67; photo (M)')('2006030', 'James E Collins, father of space shuttle commander Eileen Collins, is struck by car and killed in Elmira, NY (S)')('2006030', 'Redevelopment has begun in Newark, NJ, along Passaic River; public projects that are on works, including Minish Park, new light-rail line and refurbishment of highways and bridges is attracting private investment as well; photo; map (M)')('2006030', "Rishad Tobaccowala, new head of Publicis Groups's Denuo, comments on new venture seeking to spot new media and marketing technologies on behalf of clients, investors and ad agency itself; says Google may find its business model ill suited to advertising for its new forays into areas like radio advertising and video distribution; photo (M)")('2006030', 'Nigella Lawson offers recipes for comfort foods; photos (M)')('2006030', 'Photo of Arrowhead 135 Ultramarathon participant Matthew Maxwell8')('2006030', "Article on boom in retail development in Mexico, where over last two years, developers and retailers have spent at least $1.5 billion on shopping centers; increase is result of strong peso, falling interest rates, rise in family income and decline in inflation to lowest level in decades; Mexico Retail Properties chief development officer Michael Foley says there is tremendous untapped marketplace in Mexico; several high-powered American investment companies are attracted by Mexico's young population, healthy economy and creation of vast new suburbs; photo (M)")('2006030', 'National Association of Realtors reports sales of existing homes fell 2.8 percent in January, to annual pace of 6.56 million, lowest level in nearly two years; reports number of unsold homes on market rose 35.7 percent from year earlier, to 2.91 million; reports sales of condominiums and co-op apartments declined 11 percent in January; Conference Board reports consumer confidence index fell to 101.7 in March, from 106.8 in January; Commerce Department revises upward gross domestic product price index, to 3.3 percent, from earlier estimate of 3 percent; also revises upward estimate of fourth-quarter economic growth to 1.6 percent, from previous estimate of 1.1 percent; graphs (M)')('2006030', 'Eric Stirling prepares hearty meals for visitors to his camp in northern Maine woods; recipe; photo (M)')('2006030', 'Fast computers and inexpensive and reliable broadband connections as well as abundance of technology to help disabled operate computers are changing lives of thousands of people with disabilities; market research firm IDC says about 112,000 home agents, both disabled and not, were working for outsourcing firms like Willow, Alpine Access and J Lodge at end of 2005; number is expected to climb to 300,000 by 2010; jobs pay from about $10 to $14 an hour to $20 an hour for those on commission; some outsourcing firms treat their agents as independent contractors, with no benefits, but many disabled agents qualify for Medicare; photo (M)')('2006030', 'Lanaird Granger, black firefighter with Engine Co 312 in Queens, files lawsuit against New York City and Fire Dept; says he was denied promotions and career-advancing assignments and faced discrimination from co-workers; photo (S)')('2006030', "Former Enron Energy Services division head David Delainey testifies that former Enron chief executive Jeffrey Skilling signed off on controversial accounting shift involving troubled trading contracts; says there was no business purpose but to hide losses at energy unit and that he knew it was not proper; says Skilling and Kenneth Lay went to great lengths to mislead analysts that Enron was not high-risk trading company at its core in order to protect company's high stock price; photo (M)")('2006030', "Genentech and Biogen Idec win federal approval to sell cancer drug Rituxan as treatment for rheumatoid arthritis; approval could open potentially big new market for what is already world's best-selling cancer drug; initial approval is for patients who do not get general relief from three older drugs--Enbrel, Remicade and Humira (M)")('2006030', 'Linda Rosenthal is elected to New York State Assembly, representing Upper West Side of Manhattan; also elected in special election are Sylvia Friedman, Democratic and Working Family candidate in 74th Assembly District in Manhattan, and Alan Maisel, Democrat, in 59th District in Brooklyn (M)')('2006030', 'Apple Computer introduces iPod Hi-Fi, all-in-one speaker system housed in case about size of shoebox and priced at $349, for iPod music player; also introduces new version of MacMini computer with features for managing digital music and video; iPod docking device, though not being promoted as portable, can run off six D batteries or AC power, and comes with remote control; photo (M)')('2006030', 'Tenants of Brooklyn warehouse where man who contracted anthrax kept unprocessed animals skins complain that closing of building has hurt their livelihoods; anthrax patient Vado Diomande remains in serious condition; government workers prepare to decontaminate his apartment in Greenwich Village (M)')('2006030', "Smithsonian Institution's National Museum of American History in Washington announces plans for major new collection Hip-Hop Won't Stop: The Beat, the Rhymes, the Life, featuring broad sampling of memorabilia from boomboxes and vinyl albums to handwritten lyrics and painted jeans jackets, as well as multimedia exhibits and oral histories; Brent D Glass, director of museum, says project was begun with seed money from Universal Records and he and his curators believe time has come to recognize hip-hop as significant cultural force that has spread all over United States and increasingly world; photo (M)")('2006030', 'Mark Bittman The Minimalist column offers recipe for classic Moroccan chicken dish (M)')('2006030', "New York Yankees pitcher Mike Mussina at 37 is older than some of team's other pitchers, but says he feels younger (M)0")('2006030', 'Federal Aviation Administration, in annual forecast, projects sharply higher levels of flights because of new class of small planes, called very light jets, or microjets, with only 6 to 8 seats; expects about 100 or so jets, which can fly about two-thirds faster than airlines and at higher altitudes, but land easily on short runways, to begin flying this year; says more than 1,650 microjets will be flying by 2010; proponents say microjets would spawn new generation of air taxis and charters to small airports, usually within 20 minutes of homes or destinations, at coach fare prices; photo (M)')('2006030', 'IN FROSTBITE FALLS, END')('2006030', "New York Public Library announces that it has purchased William S Burroughs archive for its Henry W and Albert A Berg Collection of English and American literature; acquisition will make collection, which also includes Kerouac's literary and personal archive, perhaps premier institution for study of writers of Beat Generation; Burroughs archive contains 11,000 pages of manuscript and typescript material, including draft versions and notes for virtually all of his works through 1972; photos (M)")('2006030', 'New York Knicks player Steve Francis looks to help turn struggling team around; photos (M)0')('2006030', 'Restaurants and traders are eager to keep myth of wild truffles alive, but reality is that truffles are largely cultivated now; business is notoriously secretive, but French Federation of Truffle Growers estimates that 80 to 90 percent of French truffles are cultivated; history of truffle farms, which began about 150 years ago, traced; high price of black truffles has piqued interest around world, as even small farm can turn profit with wholesale prices at $800 a pound; photos (M)')('2006030', "Eric Dash Market Place column on strategic partnership between J P Morgan and Fidelity Investment's brokerage arm; arrangement gives J P Morgan exclusive access to Fidelity's brokerage customers for all new initial public offerings and follow-on stock deals it helps lead; move ends arrangement Fidelity has had for last seven years with Lehman Brothers Holdings (M)")('2006030', 'William V Musto, former Union City, NJ, mayor convicted and imprisoned for racketeering, dies at age 88 (M)')('2006030', 'Jason Henderson is killed in drive-by shooting in Jamaica, Queens; no arrests are made (S)')('2006030', 'New York Jets quarterback Chad Pennington is optimistic contract negotiations can be worked out (M)')('2006030', 'Restaurant openings in New York City include Jack, Tocqueville and Moksha; other restaurant industry news noted; photo (M)')('2006030', 'New York Mets pitcher Pedro Martinez throws at spring training; photo (S)')('2006030', 'Peter Meehan reviews Nurnberger Bierhaus restaurant in Staten Island; photo (M)')('2006030', "Frederick Klein, apparently looking for parking spot near his home in Crown Heights, Brooklyn, dies after being shot through window of his van, causing him to lose control and sideswipe several parks cars before van crashes and catches fire; is Hasidic Orthdox Jew, and his killing raises alarms in neighborhood, which was convulsed by deadly racial unrest in 1991; police see no indication that race played any part in shooting; photos of Klein's funeral and his brother holding picture of him (M)")('2006030', 'Boldface column interviews actor Wilmer Valderrama at unveiling of new beer at Jazz at Lincoln Center and Richard Donner at New York City premiere of 16 Blocks, police drama he directed (M)')('2006030', "Guy Trebay column on fashion shows in Paris; comments on sinister effect created at several shows where mannequins' faces were covered or obscured; photos (M)")('2006030', 'Madison Square Garden chairman James L Dolan tells New York Knicks to start improving; photo (M)')('2006030', 'PBS channel 13 in New York decides to drop plans to air controversial panel discussion that includes two people who raise doubts about whether killing of Armenians by Ottoman Turks was genocide (S)')('2006030', "Members of Transport Workers Union and Metropolitan Transportation Authority say transit workers' petition drive seeking second vote on contract that was narrowly defeated in January is gaining broad support among membership; say most union members view contract terms as preferable to any agreement that would be produced by binding arbitration, as is being sought by MTA and opposed by union; photo (M)")('2006030', 'Gary Taylor, professor at Florida State University and co-editor of Oxford edition of complete works of Shakespeare, has been working on play The History of Cardenio for over 15 years; play is believed to have been written around 1612 by Shakespeare and John Fletcher, young successful playwright with whom Shakespeare collaborated in his later years; project is in works for collaboration with television writer and producer David Black to bring play to small screen; photo (M)')('2006030', 'Federal government announces plans for $8 million memorial and visitors center for African Burial Ground in Lower Manhattan (S)')('2006030', 'Jersey City, NJ, police send hazardous materials team to inspect home of Police Officer Edgar Martinez, who was found dead in apartment after having been sick for four or five days; girlfriend asked officers to check apartment (S)')('2006030', 'Home herb gardens and gardening kits described; photos (M)')('2006030', "Mayor Michael R Bloomberg, who has maintained distant if cordinal relationship with national Republicans, criticizes Bush administration's proposed cuts in federal housing assistance in Housing and Urban Development Department budget; urges Congress to reject cuts and also to increase financing for Community Development Block Grant program, which Bush administration cut significantly in 2005; catalogs his housing plans for New York City and touches on national themes (M)")('2006030', 'John Bladwin, lawyer for Random House argues in London court that author Dan Brown did not copy from another book in writing The Da Vinci Code; contends that much of central theme of Michael Baigent and Richard Leigh book The Holy Blood, and The Holy Grail does not appear in The Da Vinci Code; photo (S)')('2006030', 'Suffolk County, LI, police identify Port Jefferson couple who died in murder-suicide; Alexander Astashkevich killed wife Olga Sadikova before killing himself (M)')('2006030', 'Photo of Daniel Basabe Capote, homeless New York City man who gathers scrap metal to survive')('2006030', 'Many supermarket chains decide not to sell meat processed with carbon monoxide to retain its red color because process disguises how old it is; Food and Drug Administration says process is safe but consumers should choose meat by package date; ways to determine how meat is processed noted (M)')('2006030', 'CBS Radio files suit charging Howard Stern used his last months on air to build up his future employer, Sirius Satellite Radio, and gained financial advantages through stock sale at expense of CBS; Sterm accuses CBS of trying to threaten and bully him and denounces legal action as personal vendetta intended to distract media from bad financial results at CBS-owned radio stations; photo (M)')('2006030', 'CBS wins Monday night ratings with shows Two and a Half Men and CSI: Miami; photo (S)')('2006030', 'Jeanine F Pirro, New York State Republican Attorney General aspirant, attacks MySpace.com, Internet social network for teenagers and young adults, saying it may help child predators find potential victims; site is owned by Rupert Murdoch, who controls News Corp, which owns New York Post, newspaper that has often been critical of Pirro (S)')('2006030', 'Jury deliberation has begun in Trenton, NJ, in trial of Stop Huntingdon Animal Cruelty and six of its members, who are charged with conspiracy and stalking related to more than a dozen attacks and threats directed at people who worked for companies that have done business with Huntingdon Life Sciences, British company that operates animal testing lab in Somerset County; trial marks first time federal officials have sought to prosecute activists under 1992 law aimed at curbing most aggressive tactics of some animal rights groups; presentations by prosecutors and defense outlined (M)')('2006030', 'Bouchon Bakery will open in mid-March in Time Warner Center; photo (S)')('2006030', 'Proposal to build plant in Mamakating, NY, to produce 30 tons of maitake mushrooms daily is opposed by some residents; Yukiguni Maitake of Japan, parent company, says plant will be absolutely clean, with no pesticides or manure used to cultivate the maitakes; opponents say building, which would have five-acre footprint and be 80 feet tall at its highest point, would mar area; criticize town for not subjecting company to more vigorous environmental review; plant would draw in hundreds of thousands of gallons of water a day; photo (M)')('2006030', 'New York Mets infielder Julio Franco discusses his diet as oldest player in Major Leagues at 47; photos (M).')('2006030', "Senderens, Paris's newest destination restaurant, attracts younger and larger crowd than Lucas Carton, previous eaterie at its location; Michelin has awarded Senderens two stars; chef-owner Alain Senderens comments on closing three-star Lucas Carton and his approach to new restaurant; photo (M)")('2006030', 'NFL labor negotiations end deadlocked, opening possibility that deal to extend collective bargaining agreement will not be reached before free agency (M)6')('2006030', 'METROS')('2006030', 'Columbus Salame, company based in San Francisco, is now selling its Artisan Collection of salamis nationwide; prices noted; photo (S)')('2006030', 'Body is found inside duffel bag on Harlem sidewalk and head found in nearby garbage bin; no identity or cause of death is known (S)')('2006030', "Joseph D'Angelo, self-described member of John A Gotti's crime organization, testifies for prosecution in Gotti's racketeering trial; describes being quizzed by Gotti about whether he was really ready to be 'made' member of family; testifies that he carried out two murders and that he was driver of stolen taxicab in which Curtis Sliwa, radio host and founder of Guardian Angels, was ambushed, shot and gravely wounded; says it was Gotti who convened meeting to plan attack on Sliwa (M)")('2006030', 'Police seek man who called 911 to direct them to location in Brooklyn where they found body of Imette St Guillen, graduate student who was sexually assaulted and slain; say caller, who did not give his name, may have merely stumbled across body, but may also have seen it being dumped, helped dump it, or worse; photo (M)')('2006030', "New York City Council is poised to reject federal government's latest effort to clean thousands of apartments contaminated by dust from collapse of World Trade Center, saying plan is technically and scientifically flawed; resolution urges EPA to devise new sampling and cleanup plan that includes both residences and workplaces in Manhattan and parts of Brooklyn; City Council has no authority over EPA, but resolution criticizing cleanup plan would underscore growing dissatisfaction with federal effort (M)")('2006030', "Surgeons at New York-Presbyterian/Columbia Hospital say Gov George E Pataki's ruptured appendix left him more seriously ill than his staff and doctors previously acknowledged; say for first time that Pataki suffered peritonitis and abdominal abscesses--both potentially life-threatening conditions--and fever; say he could be in hospital as long as two more weeks (M)")('2006030', 'There has been much wailing in Republican circles about a recent CBS News poll showing President Bush with an approval rating of only 34 percent. At this level, he is losing not only every Democrat and independent but a substantial number of Republicans as well. One argument put forward by Rush Limbaugh and others is [...]')('2006030', "David Carr, a k a the Carpetbagger, offers his predictions in nine major categories for this year's Academy Awards.")('2006030', 'We got it when Michael Graves started selling tea kettles at Target. We laughed, but understood, when Martha Stewart started selling sheets at K-Mart. But now John Elway, the former Denver Broncos quarterback, is branding furniture? His line of leather sectional couches, entertainment centers and dining room furniture has been on the market for just [...]')('2006030', 'Readers respond to David Brooks\'s Mar. 2 column, "Harvard Bound? Chin Up": Jeffrey Wilf, New York: I wanted to point out that Harvard is engaged right now in a major undergraduate curricular review. We now have something called "the core," which requires students to fulfill classes in a variety of fields like science, quantitative reasoning, [...]')('2006030', 'No Selborne Journal today. Gilbert White made no entry for 2 March 1759, and on this day in 1784–the year we have been tracking–he was in South Lambeth visiting his brother. New entry tomorrow. *** 2:30 pm. 25 degrees. Light snow on a dim day. Our land is bounded by fences and by a gravel [...]')('2006030', 'The U.S. Department of Justice has charged four companies with attempting to fix prices in the memory market from April 1999 to June 2002. Samsung, Hynix, Elpida and Infineon have all agreed, as corporations, to plead guilty and agreed to pay more than $731 million in collective fines. The Justice Department, however, is also prosecuting […]')('2006030', 'Acting in a case at the intersection of patent and antitrust law, the Supreme Court on Wednesday issued a ruling that makes it harder for upstart companies and generic manufacturers to challenge patent holders’ power in the marketplace. The 8-0 decision, written by Justice John Paul Stevens, overturns a 1947 decision that was issued when […]')('2006030', 'Gateway agreed Wednesday to pay $47 million to Hewlett-Packard to settle a series of patent lawsuits, and the rival computer makers entered into a seven-year cross-licensing deal. Go to Article from Newsday »')('2006030', 'Eitaro Itoyama, the billionaire who forced out a Japan Airlines president for the second time on Wednesday, threatened to oust replacement Haruka Nishimatsu after a year unless he turns around the unprofitable carrier. “I will tell him I want dividends,” Itoyama, Japan’s fourth-wealthiest man, said in an interview in Tokyo. “Nishimatsu may be good in […]')('2006030', 'Morgan Stanley‘s real estate investment arm has invested about $68 million in Indian property developer Mantri Developers Private in its first foray into the fast-growing market, the U.S. investment bank said Wednesday. India eased rules on foreign investment in its property sector early last year, sparking interest from several U.S. funds and firms eager to […]')('2006030', 'Anyone who\'s ever shopped for a home knows that feeling of looking at something and thinking "They\'re asking WHAT for THAT?" The folks at this blog have crystalized that moment and trawled listing sites looking for examples of the genre. The lead today is a $1.749 million listing of a place in Livingston, N.J. with [...]')('2006030', 'Sanford I. Weill, the billionaire chairman of Citigroup, got a perk on his perks last year. Not only did Citigroup’s board hand Mr. Weill $21.5 million in pay; it also took care of the taxes on his benefits. The cost to Citigroup shareholders was hundreds of thousands of dollars, based on public filings disclosed yesterday. […]')('2006030', 'Because you can never hear too much about celebrities, and there is no obsession like real estate, the ultimate nexus of not-so-guilty pleasures must be the star map. These maps offer tourists a voyeuristic guide to the homes of the biggest stars, although your chances of actually seeing much more than a hedge or a [...]')('2006030', "A recent survey found that 40 percent of San Franciscans consider moving out of the area because of high housing costs. That can't be too shocking. It's a glass-half-full or glass-half-empty question. It all depends on your perspective. What's the percentage of home owners in San Francisco? I'll bet it is similar to the national [...]")('2006030', 'Why do I have to find out about this by reading Michael Calderone in the New York Observer? The New York Times is filling the upcoming Sunday magazine with 200 pages of features, photographs, and ads on real estate. (Of course the ads. Wall Streeters received a record amount in bonuses this year and agents [...]')('2006030', 'Italy has filed a document with the European Commission that accuses the French government of flouting European law by engineering a merger between Gaz de France and Suez in order to derail a potential bid for Suez by Enel of Italy. “We have received yesterday evening a memo from the Italian company Enel with things […]')('2006030', 'J.P. Morgan Chase, Lehman Brothers Holdings, Merrill Lynch and Morgan Stanley will arrange a sale of New York Stock Exchange shares that may raise as much as $2 billion, three people briefed on the selection said. The four banks will advise the exchange on a so-called secondary offering of stock being distributed this month to […]')('2006030', 'The chief executive of Overstock.com said on Wednesday that federal regulators, not his company, an online retailer, were behind the subpoenas of business journalists as part of an investigation into allegations that Overstock.com’s stock was manipulated. Patrick Byrne said in a televised interview that the Securities and Exchange Commission’s recent subpoenas of journalists who had […]')('2006030', 'Stung by the public outcry over the Dubai port deal, the Bush administration has begun a national security investigation of another Dubai-owned company set to take over plants in Georgia and Connecticut that make precision components used in engines for military aircraft and tanks. The administration notified congressional committees this week that its secretive Committee […]')('2006030', 'Xstrata, the London mining giant, has agreed to pay Glencore, its major shareholder, $1.7 billion for a stake in one of the world’s most valuable coal projects. The proposed deal, which will have to be approved by Xstrata’s other shareholders, will give the London-based company a one-third stake in the massive Cerrejón project in Colombia. […]')('2006030', 'General Motors‘ plan to sell off a majority stake in its GMAC finance unit to raise cash and cut its borrowing costs appears to have stalled, a Goldman Sachs analyst said on Wednesday. A sale is widely seen as a key step to raising credit ratings at the auto giant’s financing arm. “Comments today at […]')('2006030', 'Seven more employees of a Bank of America unit in New York that serves hedge-fund customers have jumped to rival Jefferies. The move follows last week’ announcement that a team of six BofA employees had joined Jefferies’ prime brokerage services division. Go to Article from The Charlotte Business Journal »')('2006030', 'Dana, the world’s largest maker of axles for light trucks, added fuel to mounting speculation about a potential bankruptcy filing when it missed a semi-annual bond payment of $21 million due today. Failure to make the interest payments by March 31 would result in an eventual default. “This is yet another in a series of […]')('2006030', 'Franklin Raines, the ousted chief of troubled mortgage giant Fannie Mae, is being accused of corrupting its directors by giving them $12 million in charity checks to ignore his scandals. A shareholder lawsuit filed yesterday contends that Mr. Raines lavished directors with generous donations to their favorite charities, which were funneled through a Fannie Mae […]')('2006030', 'German steel maker ThyssenKrupp is examining all its options, including alternatives to its proposed acquisition of Canadian steel company Dofasco, as part of a new corporate strategy, a board member said Wednesday. Speaking at steel industry conference in Duesseldorf, Karl-Ulrich Koehler said that while buying Dofasco remains the “ideal option” for the company’s future strategy […]')('2006030', 'On the eve of this weekend’s Academy Awards, a bare-knuckled fight has broken out among the producers of one of the leading Oscar-nominated movies, “Crash,” over two of the things Hollywood cares about most: money and credit. Even as the last Oscar ballots were being cast late Tuesday, Cathy Schulman, a producer of “Crash,” filed […]')('2006030', 'France said Wednesday it has received the outline of Mittal Steel‘s industrial project for European rival Arcelor, for which it has made a $23 billion bid. French Finance Minister Thierry Breton said the government hopes to receive more details of Mittal’s industrial project in the days to come, and added it that it is too […]')('2006030', 'Dallas buyout firm Hicks, Muse, Tate & Furst said Wednesday that it is changing its name to HM Capital Partners LLC and adding three new partners. The name change, effective immediately, reflects a generational shift. Co-founder Tom Hicks retired from the 17-year-old firm in January 2005. Charles Tate, another partner, left in June 2002. Six […]')('2006030', 'The private equity industry has warned the British chancellor that it will consider abandoning the United Kingdom if he clamps down on its profits. The Treasury is currently reviewing the way it taxes private equity deals and, while changes are not imminent, the industry fears that it has to emphasize the contribution it makes to […]')('2006030', 'Tribe Networks is raising between $4 million and $8 million in Series C financing to help the social networking Web site capture the attention of post-college twenty-somethings, VentureWire reported. The three-year-old company previously sealed a $6.5 million Series A round in November 2003 from venture firm Mayfield, and publishers Knight Ridder and the Washington Post […]')('2006030', 'BEA Systems said that it paid $87.5 million to acquire Fuego, a business process management software developer, in a move aimed at cementing its position in the market for service-oriented architecture software. Go to Article from VentureWire Professional »')('2006030', 'Despite intense questioning by a defense lawyer, the former head of Enron‘s Energy Services retail unit insisted Wednesday that Jeffrey K. Skilling should have known he was committing a crime by lying about a questionable accounting move. The former Enron executive, David W. Delainey, calmly weathered repeated questioning by Daniel Petrocelli, lead lawyer for Mr. […]')('2006030', 'A healthy increase in venture-capital funding of medical-device companies has helped lift overall investments in life-sciences industries, even as biotechnology deals have tailed off. Go to Article from The San Jose Mercury News »')('2006030', 'Carbonite has raised a $2.5 million Series A round with plans to begin selling its Internet-based consumer data-storage service in late April. Th,e start-up’s eclectic mix of investors include angel groups Common Angels and Keiretsu Forum which together provided almost $2 million, and venture capital firm 3i, the last investor to join the round, which […]')('2006030', 'Indonesia plans to raise $2 billion in its biggest overseas debt sale as it takes advantage of a fall in borrowing costs to fund its budget deficit. Go to Article from Bloomberg News »')('2006030', 'Bob Dickie, a retired worker at Inco Ltd., says the Canadian nickel producer’s $12.5 billion bid for Falconbridge Ltd. may finish a job he started almost 50 years ago: combining two unions that fought for a generation Go to Article from Bloomberg News »')('2006030', 'Perot Systems has acquired eServ, a provider of high-end product engineering outsourcing services, for $21 million. The acquisition launches Perot Systems’ expansion into outsourced engineering services, broadening the company’s suite of services for the automotive, manufacturing and industrial services segments. Go to Article from the Dallas Morning News »')('2006030', 'Don’t buy shares of ski-resort operator Intrawest based on the company’s announcement it has hired an investment banker and is ready to entertain “interesting ideas” to fuel growth, advises National Bank Financial analyst Michael Smith. Mr. Smith says it’s not entirely clear whether the resort operator’s flirtation with potential suitors is an attempt to form […]')('2006030', 'Embattled hedge fund trader Philippe Jabre and the London hedge fund GLG Partners have 28 days to appeal against a Financial Services Authority decision to fine them each 750,000 pound for alleged insider dealing. The proposed fines come after months of investigations by the FSA, after Mr. Jabre allegedly used information from bankers about the […]')('2006030', 'LaSalle Bank on Tuesday told 160 Chicago workers that they’ll be losing their jobs as part of its parent’s previously announced plans to slash about 3,500 information technology positions worldwide. Amsterdam-based ABN Amro said in September that it would join the growing ranks of companies outsourcing much of their computer work to reduce costs. At […]')('2006030', 'Chipotle Mexican Grill, American Railcar Industries and NightHawk Radiology Services turned in the best year-to-date gains among the 32 initial public offerings so far as the first two months of 2006 came to a close. In February, 21 initial public offerings priced in the U.S. market for proceeds of $4.5 billion. In terms of dollar […]')('2006030', 'This season brings a rebirth for the New York Stock Exchange, a fresh assault on regulation by the industry’s biggest lobbying group, a new wardrobe for star dealmaker Bruce Wasserstein, big CEO bonuses and a new brokerage chief at Morgan Stanley. So, which of these budding developments will survive the glare of the sun? MarketWatch […]')('2006030', 'The new Zogby poll of U.S. soldiers in Iraq is being picked over by the blogosphere. According to the poll, "An overwhelming majority of 72 percent of American troops serving in Iraq think the U.S. should exit the country within the next year": 29 percent say "immediately," 22 percent say "in the next six months," [...]')('2006030', 'Israel Technology Acquisition said on Wednesday it has agreed to acquire IXI Mobile for about $42 million in stock. IXI is a privately held developer of mobile messaging products, based in Redwood City, Calif. Go to Article from The San Jose/Silicon Valley Business Journal »')('2006030', 'Telecommunications software provider Cramer Systems Ltd. has revamped its market strategy under new CEO Guy Dubois, scrapping its IPO plans and focusing instead on expansion. That expansion started with the acquisition of Israeli firm T-Soft, a specialist in network discovery and data reconciliation that counts carriers such as Belgacom and Swisscom among its customers. Go […]')('2006030', 'Luke Johnson, the restaurant entrepreneur and chairman of Channel 4, has moved into retail by taking a stake in East, the fashion chain. He is leading a consortium of 11 private businessmen taking a 50 percent stake in the company. Go to Article from The Telegraph » Go to Article from The Guardian »')('2006030', 'So are some of the bad ones. In case you missed it, this cute contest about weird street names has been getting lots of play. The winning weirdest street name is Psycho Path followed closely by Divorce Court. Aww! Other finalists (scroll down) include Shades of Death Road and Bucket of Blood Street. The saddest [...]')('2006030', 'In the Wall Street Journal Europe, Walter Reich, the former director of the U.S. Holocaust Memorial Museum, says Europeans should "decriminalize Holocaust denial" [$] (and thereby free Holocaust denier David Irving) and instead focus on the threats coming from Iran "that promise a new genocide": And I do mean genocide. The call last October by [...]')('2006030', 'The Bagger apparently had significant issues yesterday, but some concerned colleagues found some stout butterfly nets and took him straightaway to a mental health clinic for some much needed triage. The diagnosis? Level Four Oscar Fatigue, characterized by facial tics, endless ruminations over various categories, and nightmares involving being chased by little golden statues with [...]')('2006030', "Readers who have their own case of pre-Oscar ennui could do worse than read a journal put together by the folks from the BBC here to cover the proceedings. They are clearly having fun and don't have time for all the jaded, seen-it-all stuff you will be reading so much of in the coming days. [...]")('2006030', "If you're the kind of Oscar fan who spends your afternoons sneaking a peek at your cubicle mate's chart to see where she is headed, you might want to check in on the chart in process at OscarWatch.com, which aggregates choices from some of the smartest Oscar cogitators on the web.")('2006030', 'Academy Awards producer Gil Cates is serious about keeping the old gimlet eye on the clock, and as Defamer points out, has enlisted Tom Hanks, of all people, as his enforcer. Hanks is on a DVD given to potential winners, reminding them that hugging half the audience on the way to the podium is going [...]')('2006030', 'In this lesson, students share opinions about significant figures in music history. They then work in groups to curate an exhibition of hip-hop music and history by collecting artifacts that represent relevant people, places, events and ideas.')('2006030', "Brief article on mannish-styled women's fashions of 1992 that were displayed on streets of New York City; photos (M)")('2006030', 'Los Angeles furniture maker Samuel Moyer is introducing his first retail collection with one-of-a-kind pieces made with reclaimed wood; photos (S)')('2006030', 'Lincoln Center Festival will feature two versions of Beowulf story: Elliot Goldenthal opera Grendel directed by Julie Taymor and Beowulf performed in Old English by Benjamin Bagby; other offerings noted (M)')('2006030', 'Interview with Linda Welton, who is carrying on family business of selling maps to homes of stars in Los Angeles; photos of celebrities on and off the map (M)')('2006030', 'Lighting designers Marcia Zia and Paul Priven of Brooklyn create chandelier out of Ping-Pong balls; chandelier will be part of Architectural Digest Home Design Show on March 9; photo (M)')('2006030', "Controversy surrounds film Crash as Academy Awards approach; producer Cathy Schulman files lawsuit that accuses fellow producer Bob Yari of acting from 'greed and ego' in failing to pay at least $2 million in producing fees to her and executive partner Tom Nunan; Yari took out full-page advertisements in Hollywood trade papers asking for abolishment of secret panels that award credit for best picture after he was denied producer credit; will not take home statue if Crash is named best picture; Schulman and Paul Haggis, co-writer and director of film are only producers eligible for prize, though film has six producers in its credits; photo (M)")('2006030', 'Milton Katims, violinist and conductor of Seattle Symphony, dies at age 96; photo (M)')('2006030', "New York City medical examiner rules death of 2-year-old Sherlyn Polonia homicide and cause as acute heroin intoxication; mother Joanna Bare and companion Johnny Carvajal are arrested on drug and child endangement changes; examiner's finding could lead to more serious charges (M)")('2006030', 'Article on growing number of Christian video games; focuses on games developed and marketed by Left Behind Games, GraceWorks Interactive, Digital Praise and Navarre Corp; photo (M)')('2006030', 'Procter & Gamble is launching multimillion-dollar promotional campaign in effort to increase ratings for television soap operas As the World Turns and Guiding Light; company will sponsor Daytime Dollars watch-and-win loyalty rewards program involving four agencies owned by Publicis Groupe; promotion follows growth of company loyalty promotions as well as increasing use of new media by packaged-goods marketers; promotion is intended to address significant loss of viewers of daytime dramas in past decade; photo (M)')('2006030', 'Robert James Hertular of Belize is convicted in federal court in New York of threatening to kill federal drug agents and conspiracy to ship cocaine into United States (S)')('2006030', 'Growing number of consumers are taking look at front projection video systems, units that transmit image onto screen much like slide projector; front projectors can create images 110 inches and greater in size; front projectors range in price from $900 to $250,000; major manufacturers include Epson, InFocus, Panasonic, Runco, Sharp, SIM2 and Sony; some points to consider if contemplating private theater; photos (M)')('2006030', 'Senior Pentagon official says that in aftermath of burst of sectarian violence in Iraq, it is unlikely that decision will be made on reduction in US troop levels when Army commanders meet with Pres Bush (M)')('2006030', 'New York Jets and Cablevision settle suit over proposed football stadium on West Side of Manhattan; plans for stadium have been scrapped (S)')('2006030', "Opening of designer Rogan Gregory's TriBeCa store noted; will be collaborative store carrying lines of several designers; Coach plans to add knitwear to fall collection;collection is also described as collaborative design effort; photo; drawing (M)")('2006030', 'TLC series Little People, Big World follows daily lives of Roloff family, which is made up of parents Matt and Amy, who are dwarfs, one son who is dwarf and three children of average size; TLC is billing show as most comprehensive television documentary ever about lives of little people; series consists of 20 30-minute episodes; photos (M)')('2006030', 'Sen Ron Wyden will introduce legislation that would prohibit Internet network operators from charging companies for faster delivery of their content to consumers or favoring some content providers over others; bill is meant to ease growing fears that open Internet access may be blocked or compromised by Bell phone carriers and cable operators, which may create tiers of service for delivering content to consumers; consumer groups and Internet companies like Google and Amazon contend that any move by network operators to levy fees for premium delivery service would harm Web sites that are unwilling to pay for faster delivery; Federal Communications Commission has remained neutral on issue (M)')('2006030', "Rev Robert T Ritchie, new rector of St Patrick's Cathedral in New York City, participates in Ash Wednesday observances, cathedral's most crowded day of year; role of rector described; photos (M)")('2006030', 'Six apartments in new condominium tower by Richard Meier in West Village will serve as show house for six New York dealers specializing in 20th-century furniture design; photos (S)')('2006030', "Lower Manhattan Development Corporation and National Trust for Historic Preservation are split over siting of World Trade Center memorial and museum; battle turns on significantly different interpretations of what constitutes towers' historically important footprints; LMDC view is that meaningful footprints are perimeter columns, but National Trust and other preservationists say footprints include original structural material within outlines; trust has no actual power, but wields strong influence in preservation circles (M)")('2006030', 'Mark Green announces he will challenge Democratic hopeful Andrew M Cuomo for New York State attorney general in primary; photo (M)')('2006030', "Boldface column; scene described at benefit for Brooklyn Academy of Music and Sydney Theater Company, which put on adaptation of Henrik Ibsen's Hedda Gabler; gala was attended by Cate Blanchett, Estelle Parsons, Maggie Gyllenhaal and others (M)")('2006030', 'Names of six Americans newly confirmed dead in Iraq; 2,288 American service members have died since start of war')('2006030', "Madison Square Garden chairman James L Dolan says he believes in New York Knicks' strategy, despite team's 15-42 record so far this season; photo (M)")('2006030', 'Former Seattle Mariners player Bret Boone ends career after 14 years in Major Leagues; photo (M)')('2006030', "First new large Barneys store in 12 years is scheduled to open second week in March at Boston's Copley Place; Manhattan boutiques Tracy Reese and Saja are also opening; photo (M)")('2006030', "Alan B Kreuger Economic Scene column discusses Prof Morris M Kleiner's new book Licensing Occupations: Ensuring Quality or Restricting Competition?; book questions value of occupational licensing; holds that licenses limit competition in various professions instead of protecting consumers as intended; services become more expensive without notable improvements in quality as result; Kleiner estimates 20 percent of workers in 2000 worked in occupation that required state license compared to 5 percent in 1950's; suggests public representatives working on licensing boards and certification programs in place of licenses as possible solutions (M)")('2006030', 'New York State court officials bar Bronx lawyer Stanley K Schlein from accepting guardianships and other potentially lucrative judicial appointments; Schlein rejects decision, saying he did nothing wrong and has not solicited most appointments (M)')('2006030', 'NFL looks to reach deal on new collective bargaining agreement before free agency begins in one day; photo (M)')('2006030', 'Highlights from several designers collections at Paris show noted; photos (L)')('2006030', "Brad Zipper's New York City town house is filled with custom-made built-ins mixed with antiques; photo (S)")('2006030', 'New Jersey Schools Construction Corporation decides not to buy and demolish pornographic theater and hotel linked to prostitution situated near site of planned elementary school in Passaic, NJ; cites $5 million cost of purchase and demolition as reason; decision angers local officials; photo (M)')('2006030', 'Fred Segal, outfitter of Hollywood celebrities and well-to-do people, maintains two independently owned boutiques in Los Angeles; Ron Herman Fred Segal on Melrose Avenue is glitzier of two and appears to attract more high-profile clients; is hailed for people watching and criticized for its attitude; Fred Segal in Santa Monica is larger of two stores and is little less pricey; merchandise described; photos (L)')('2006030', 'Photos of people observing National Pig Day at Central Park Zoo in New York City')('2006030', 'Minnesota Timberwolves defeat New Jersey Nets, 100-90; photo (M)')('2006030', 'Memphis Grizzlies defeat New York Knicks, 101-99; photos (M)')('2006030', "Xtreme Christian movement is increasing in popularity among American young people; such people embrace faith as rebellious celebration of Jesus's teachings; Bryan Norman, author of book The New Rebellion Handbook, discusses how popular movement is rooted in religion, but reflects spirit and identity of modern counterculture; Jesus People, group of evangelicals who in late 1960's became associated with hippie movement, had similar appeal to young people searching for faith; photos (M)")('2006030', 'Boston Red Sox outfielder Manny Ramirez promises to play his hardest, despite offseason spent trying for trade; photo (M)')('2006030', 'Personal Shopper column on dining chairs that can double as side chairs; photos (M)')('2006030', "Joyce Purnick Metro Matters column on homeowners who become victims of false complaints filed with New York City's Buildings Department through anonymous calls to city's 311 telephone number; says problem is compounded because complaints are accessible through department's Web site; details troubles that homeowners encounter to get complaints removed; cites proposed legislation to counter problem (M)")('2006030', "Chatter Bug hardware routes long-distance calls through Chatter Bug's remote VoIP system, offering unlimited calling in US and Canada for $9.95 per month; Chatter Bug lets user keep existing phone line and number, and accommodates standard 911 services; Internet connection is not needed to use it; photo (S)")('2006030', "North Carolina State University women's basketball coach Kay Yow leads team to 17-10 record while struggling with breast cancer; photo (M)")('2006030', 'Sieger Design in Sassenberg, Germany, presents new home collection of goods ranging from plates and bowls to chairs; photos (S)')('2006030', "Kelefa Sanneh Critic's Notebook on German-born singer Cascada, whose dance hit Everytime We Touch has reached No 10 in America; song is cover of 1992 song by Maggie Reilly; photos (M)")('2006030', "Publicists are increasingly turning to 'independent' surveys and polls to promote products; feed their scientific-sounding findings to journalists who need to shore up anecdotal observations for 'trend' stories; drawing (M)")('2006030', 'New York Mets pitchers Mike Pelfrey and Philip Humber, both first-round draft picks, look to make impact this year; photos (M)')('2006030', "Rutgers University men's basketball coach Gary Waters accepts buyout package of $550,000 from school to step down; photo (M)")('2006030', 'Estimated 15,000 skiers and snowboarders are injured in accidents involving two or more people each year; this reported increase of nearly 35 percent from 20 years ago is attributed to better ski technology, increase in number of snowboarders and litigious society; changes being made at ski resorts to try and reduce accidents discussed; photos (M)')('2006030', 'Correction of Feb 9 Fashion Diary that gave incorrect grunge band name')('2006030', 'Dana Corp says it missed two payments totaling $21 million that were due on its bonds, heightening speculation that it might be forced to seek bankruptcy protection (S)')('2006030', 'John F Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts in Washington, DC, announces plans for 2006-2007 season (S)')('2006030', 'Charles Herold reviews video games Exit, developed by Taito and published by Ubisoft, and Grandia III, developed by Game Arts and published by Square Enix; photos (M)')('2006030', "Firenze Mirror Weather Forecaster from Oregon Scientific allows user to get day's weather report at once; sleek acrylic-surface mirror is 13 inches by 8 inches, and is available at Discovery Store and online from Oregon Scientific for $129.95; photo (M)")('2006030', 'Limited edition Pirouette mirror has seven rotating pillars, each with three sides, one with plain mirror, one with etched mirror, and one with black wood veneer, that can be rotated to form one continuous surface or to break them up; photo (S)')('2006030', 'Fox')('2006030', "George Vecsey Sports of The Times column contends that Buck O'Neil should be elected to Baseball Hall of Fame (M)")('2006030', 'Connecticut Republican Rep Christopher Shays endorses Democrat Sen Joseph I Lieberman for re-election; Lieberman faces planned primary challenge by Ned Lamont over support for war in Iraq; Shays faces challenge from Democrat Diane Farrell (M)')('2006030', 'Canon Elph PowerShot, SD700, is practically unshakable; camera features improved optical image stabilization and faster shutter speed to grab action shots and capture changing scenes; camera is priced at $499; photo (S)')('2006030', 'Workout clothing for pregnant women reviewed; photos (M)')('2006030', "Khemwatie Bedessie is charged with raping 4-year-old boy at Veda's Learning World in Queens, where she was day care worker; photo (M)")('2006030', 'Two men are arrested for shooting at police officers in Brooklyn when approached during argument; suspects are not identified (S)')('2006030', "Morgan Stanley's real estate investment arm agrees to take minority stake in Indian property company Mantri Developers for $68 million; Mantri builds residential, office and retail projects; managing director Sushil Mantri comments (S)")('2006030', 'Top three albums on Billboard chart for week are aimed at young listeners; photo (S)')('2006030', 'New York Gov George E Pataki joins doctors at news conference in New York City hospital to reassure public following two surgeries for ruptured appendix; continues many of his official duties; photo (M)')('2006030', 'Custom shades, blinds and draperies in wide variety of fabrics are available at theshadestore.com; photo (S)')('2006030', "James Bennet, reporter for New York Times, is named editor of Atlantic Monthly; Bennet is magazine's first official editor in chief since Michael Kelly stepped down in September 2002 (M)")('2006030', 'Autopsy is perfomed on Jersey City Police Officer Kevin Jones, who was found dead in his apartment; Jones had complained of flulike symptoms (S)')('2006030', 'Arnold A Rogrow, author and political scientist, dies at age 81 (M)')('2006030', 'Israeli parents of children who died at hands of Palestinian suicide bombers are asking Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences to disqualify film Paradise Now as Oscar candidate for best foreign film; movie explores reasoning underlying suicide attacks from Palestinian point of view (S)')('2006030', 'New Jersey Devils defeat Philadelphia Flyers, 2-1, in shootout; photo (M)')('2006030', 'Dermatology now plays critical role in keeping actors and actresses in shape for performances and events; Dr David Colbert, New York dermatologist, describes his involvement in shooting of The Constant Gardener through teledermatology, process which uses high-resolution photos of skin problems to allow dermatologists to treat problems without actually seeing patient in person; treatments often given to actors and actresses discussed; photo (M)')('2006030', 'BiM Active, new service from Bones in Motion, can turn cellphone into pocket-size personal trainer if cellphone has Global Positioning System receiver; BiM Active uses data from GPS satellites and local cellphone towers to plot location during walk, jog or bicycle ride; photo (M)')('2006030', "Walter Cruickshank, deputy director of Interior Department's Minerals Management Service, denies that department collected hundreds of millions of dollars less than it should have last year from companies that pump oil and gas on federal land, testimony before House subcommittee on government reform; officials also tell House members that government will let companies avoid billions of dollars in royalty payments over next five years on oil and gas produced in publicly owned coastal waters; Cruickshank tells lawmakers that break in royalty payments was apparently result of inadvertent mistakes on leases awarded in late 1990's for sites in Gulf of Mexico; defends government efforts to expand oil and gas production and to collect nearly $10 billion in royalties each year (M)")('2006030', 'Room to Improve column answers questions on using wall unit as room divider and new products for painting apartment or home; photo (M)')('2006030', 'Correction of Feb 16 Physical Culture column, which misstated length of time Brady Crain used Precor treadmill')('2006030', "TiVo will announce service that lets its video recorders limit children to watching shows approved by Common Sense Media or Parents Television Council, groups that promote family programming; software, called KidZone will be made available without additional charge in June to 1.4 million users of TiVo's stand-alone set-top boxes; photo (M)")('2006030', 'Mylar stencils in various patterns can be used to embellish walls, lampshades or other surfaces; photo (S)')('2006030', "Robert and Cortney Novogratz design rooms of Brad Zipper's town house in Little Italy, drawing inspiration from interiors of New York restaurants and bars; photos (M)")('2006030', "David W Delainey, former head of Enron's Energy Services retail unit, testifies, despite intense questioning by defense lawyer Daniel Petrocelli, that Jeffrey K Skilling knew he was committing crime by lying about questionable accounting practices; Delainey is highest-ranking former executive to testify so far in trial of Skilling and Enron's founder Kenneth L Lay who were both charged with conspiring to defraud company by lying to investors; defense laywers claim neither were involved in any fraud; says collapse was caused by market panic; photo (M)")('2006030', 'Garden Q&A column on poison sumac and hollies; drawing (M)')('2006030', 'Flurry of activity surrounds idea that New York City institute congestion pricing, fee for driving into busiest areas of city at busiest times; Partnership for New York City is completing feasibility study, while Transportation Alternatives report argues there is no economic necessity for driving private cars in certain areas; other voices on issue noted (M)')('2006030', "New York State legislative leaders criticize Gov George E Pataki's use of appropriations bills attached to budget to rewrite existing law; say tactics delay on-time passage of budget; Pataki is using 2004 appeals court ruling that held Legislature could not rewrite governor's legislative language; court held Legislature could reduce or kill appropriations for various line items and add new spending items, but those were subject to governor's line-item veto; budget negotiations are hampered by Pataki's hospitalization (M)")('2006030', 'Hynix Semiconductor executives D S Kim, C K Chung, K C Suh and C Y Choi agree to plead guilty and serve prison time in US for their roles in computer chip price-fixing conspiracy (M)')('2006030', 'Trends in handbags, which are touted as ultimate accessory for women, discussed; online shopping sources given; drawing (M)')('2006030', "BookSmart software from Blurb, publish-your-own book service, features 'Slurper' tool that automatically downloads and reformats contents of Web log into book that bloggers and their admirers can purchase online; software is priced at $30 and up; photo (S)")('2006030', "Not only did Citigroup's board hand chairman Sanford I Weill $21.5 million in pay, but it also took care of taxes on his benefits; cost to Citigroup shareholders was hundreds of thousands of dollars; Citigroup spokeswoman Leah Johnson says company long included extra tax benefits in its executive pay calculations, but this year 'voluntarily disclosed more information' about its perks to provide investors with 'most accurate and transparent' results; Citigroup's chief executive Charles O Prince III received $23 million, 16 percent raise, last year (M)")('2006030', 'Carrie Fisher article on how Academy Award-winning actors display their Oscar statuettes and what it means; drawings (M)')('2006030', 'Only El Salvador is ready to join Central American Free Trade Agreement two months after pact is supposed to go into effect, frustrating hard-won victory for Bush administration in its push toward free trade; of five other countries that signed onto pact, four have yet to change host of laws to bring them into line with agreement; Susan C Schwab, deputy US trade representative, comments; photo (M)')('2006030', 'Questions about NFL salary cap and collective bargaining agreement negotiations answered (M)')('2006030', 'Woman is rescued by firefighters from top floor of burning 24-story Brooklyn building (S)')('2006030', 'Buttock augmentation is latest trend in plastic surgery; Dr Constantino Mendieta, Miami plastic surgeon and expert in buttock reconstruction, describes procedure that removes fat from stomach and thighs and deposits it in rear end to create desired shape; various shapes for buttocks described; drawing (M)')('2006030', 'Interview with Sam Lemheney on his fantasy designs for the 177th Philadelphia Flower Show; photos (M)')('2006030', "Virginia Heffernan Critic's Notebook on parody trailers inspired by film Brokeback Mountain available to view online; trailers are made anonymously or by comedy troupes or design groups and feature mashups that combine elements of Brokeback Mountain with other movies; parody videos Brokeback to the Future and The Empire Breaks Back are two of most popular creations; photo (M)")('2006030', 'Walid Raad, art professor at Cooper Union in New York City, uses mixed media to explore political violence; recent focus is on Lebanon; photos (M)')('2006030', 'Photo of US 1-0 victory over Poland in friendly')('2006030', '.')('2006030', 'Readers respond to Thomas Friedman\'s Mar. 3 column, "The Big Question" Jon Orloff, Bethesda, Md.: Your column on the trouble in Iraq, credited to the blunders of the administration in not providing troops in sufficient quantity, stops a bit short. We are already seeing a civil war in Iraq - it\'s being tamped down for [...]')('2006030', 'Much has been made of the declining real estate market in Sacramento, Calif. It had been one of the hottest markets for much of this decade. Then last year sales slumped and prices began to fall on a month-to-month comparison. Why? One factor not to be overlooked is outward migration. People are packing up and [...]')('2006030', "I checked the date on this article to make sure it wasn't April 1. It appeared in that other Times, the upstart in London. Tom Monaghan, the founder of Domino's Pizza, is building a new town north of Miami that would ban abortions, contraceptives and pornography, the article says. The name of this town? Ave [...]")('2006030', 'Vodafone, the world’s biggest wireless provider, said on Friday that it was in talks to sell a controlling stake in its Japanese unit to Softbank of Japan. Japan has long been a weak link for Vodafone. It is No.3 in the market, behind NTT DoCoMo and KDDI. On Monday, Vodafone said average revenue per user […]')('2006030', "Has someone done a marketing study of what appeals to the eyes and ears of young diners in Hell's Kitchen, or are restaurants on Ninth Avenue simply taking cues from each other?")('2006030', 'Shares of AK Steel surged 23 percent on Friday after a newspaper reported that U.S. Steel was in talks to acquire the Middletown, Ohio-based company. The newspaper, The Pittsburgh Post-Gazette, said the deal could be completed as early as Oct. 30. Spokesmen for both companies said they would not comment on rumors or speculation. AK […]')('2006030', 'The construction industry doesn\'t seem overly concerned about a slowdown in residential building, and that\'s because there\'s plenty of work on the commercial side. "We\'ll see big-box, discount and warehouse store construction expand at a great rate this year," said Ken Simonson, chief economist with the Associated General Contractors of America, a trade group based [...]')('2006030', 'Let\'s say you run a "digital video branding company," which produces online videos for companies and organizations. Let\'s also also say you have an unusual home you need to sell because you are moving to Massachusetts, but your Connecticut market is slowing. Let\'s say you\'ve heard about this blogging thing. If you were Marco Greenberg, [...]')('2006030', 'A company led by financier Wilbur Ross has closed on its purchase of the European operations of bankrupt automotive parts supplier Collins & Aikman, without the participation of Lear, though the sides are still discussing a deal. International Automotive Components Group, of which Ross is chairman, proposed a joint venture with Lear to go after […]')('2006030', 'Investigators from the Justice Department said Thursday that they were examining the recording industry’s practices for setting prices for music sold online, according to people briefed on the inquiry. Justice Department officials have begun serving subpoenas on the four major music corporations as part of a broad inquiry that is expected to encompass pricing and […]')('2006030', 'A Merrill Lynch unit and JW Childs Associates subsidiary agreed Thursday to buy a majority stake of closely held Advantage Sales & Marketing from buyout firm Allied Capital for about $1.05 billion. Go to Article from Bloomberg News » Go to Article from The Washington Post »')('2006030', 'If the question of the moment is, “What did we do before Google?” at W. R. Hambrecht, the investment bank in San Francisco, the answer is, “A lot less business.” Hambrecht, the system-bucking champion of using auctions to sell initial public offerings of stock, has developed a following among entrepreneurs since Google went public in […]')('2006030', 'General Electric said on Thursday it will receive net proceeds of $2.8 billion from the sale of its remaining stake in insurer Genworth Financial. The financial, media and industrial conglomerate said it plans to sell 71 million Genworth shares to the public at $32.75 a share, a slight discount to the life and mortgage insurer’s […]')('2006030', 'BT is being examined as a potential bid target by a number of global private equity firms in a move that could value the telecommunications group at a minimum of 20 billion pounds ($35.1 billion), The Times of London reported. One senior adviser specializing in telecoms for a leading venture capitalist said that his firm […]')('2006030', 'Boston Scientific has scheduled a special shareholder meeting for March 31 for a vote on the company’s proposed $27 billion merger with Guidant. The transaction is expected to close during the week of April 3, Boston Scientific said in a Securities and Exchange Commission filing Thursday. Go to Article from The Minneapolis–St. Paul Business Journal […]')('2006030', 'A Seattle medical device company planning an initial public offering, which would be the first Washington state IPO in nine months. Northstar Neuroscience, whose first product is designed to enhance recovery of hand and arm movement in stroke patients, has filed to raise up to $85 million through an IPO. Founded under the name Vertis […]')('2006030', 'CSG Systems, a provider of customer care and billing solutions for cable and satellite companies, said it acquired Telution, a provider of operations support system software. The purchase price is about $22 million in cash. In addition, the agreement provides for contingent payments of up to $8 million over the next three years. Go to […]')('2006030', 'Water company AWG has sold part of its Morrison construction business for 42 million pounds. Under the deal, Galliford Try will acquire Morrison’s project investments business and investments in two early stage private finance initiative projects. The utility and facilities services businesses, which make up the majority of Morrison, are not part of the deal […]')('2006030', 'The head of Xstrata on Thursday repeated his position that the Swiss mining giant has no interest in holding a minority stake in any company, leading to renewed speculation that Xstrata could launch a bid for control of Falconbridge. Xstrata’s $2 billion purchase last August of a 19.9 percent stake in Falconbridge was widely seen […]')('2006030', 'Dominion Resources on Thursday said it would sell its natural gas utilities in Pennsylvania and West Virginia to Equitable Resources for $970 million in cash. Dominion, which is both a gas and electric utility company and an oil and gas explorer and producer, said it will sell Dominion Peoples and Dominion Hope to Equitable. The […]')('2006030', 'Responding to criticism, the Securities and Exchange Commission said on Thursday that it would move quickly to write a policy that determines when it is appropriate to issue subpoenas to journalists. The decision was announced by the S.E.C. chairman after a unanimous vote of the commissioners. The chairman, Christopher Cox, told reporters that he expected […]')('2006030', 'Creditors of scandal-ridden trading firm Refco have taken aim at Wall Street’s top investment banks for failing to uncover the fraud that plunged the company into bankruptcy just a few months after its IPO. The eight banks that underwrote Refco’s IPO either knew of the fraud at Refco or breached their fiduciary duty to shareholders […]')('2006030', 'A recent flurry of deals in funds of funds shows that the business is rapidly changing. Since June, institutions have bought, at high prices, nine funds of funds, compared with eight such deals from 2000 to 2005, according to one major investment bank’s data. Underlying the consolidation is a grim outlook: returns have been lackluster, […]')('2006030', 'French software company Dassault Systemes said Thursday it had agreed to acquire money-losing MatrixOne of the United States for about $408 million in cash. Dassault will pay a 20.6 percent premium over MatrixOne’s Wednesday closing price to extend its offering in the fast-growing product lifecycle management software market to clients in the high-tech, consumer products […]')('2006030', 'Del Monte Foods said Thursdy that it would buy the cat food maker Meow Mix Holdings for $705 million and sell its private-label soup and baby food businesses to focus on its higher-margin branded businesses. Del Monte will acquire Meow Mix from private equity firm Cypress Group, which bought the business in 2003 for $425 […]')('2006030', 'Lockdown Networks faces some pretty tough competition, locking horns with none other than Cisco Systems to create a system for identifying network security threats. Lockdown would appear outgunned in this fight. But with the help of Intel, which is pumping $3.1 million into the company, the 5-year-old company may have a chance of succeeding. Go […]')('2006030', 'Apax Partners is taking a walk down the aisle with photography company Pictage, investing $29 million in equity for a majority stake in the company, which provides a portal for wedding and other professional photographers to print, store and sell photos. The deal values the company at less than $100 million. Pictage’s management will remain […]')('2006030', 'Carlyle Group, the $33 billion multinational investment company based in Washington, has agreed to buy a controlling stake in pipe manufacturer John Maneely, of Collingswood, Pa. Carlyle has pledged to pay about $500 million to buy out a majority of the 18 shareholders. Members of the Dooner, Boylan and O’Donnell families, they are descendants of […]')('2006030', 'Microsoft‘s battle with the European Commission escalated Thursday, as the company accused the commission of colluding with its competitors in the software market and of again withholding documents it says are crucial to its defense in an antitrust case. With the threat of daily fines of 2 million euros ($2.4 million) hanging over it, Microsoft […]')('2006030', 'ARCA Discovery said it has raised a $15 million Series A led by Atlas Venture to seek market approval for a congestive heart failure drug. The Denver-based company believes the drug, a beta-blocker known as bucindolol that was languishing after decades of development efforts, will serve as an effective, personalized treatment for congestive heart failure […]')('2006030', 'Stonebridge Partners remains committed to once-troubled defense contractor BondCote, opting to refinance the company through a $28.5 million recapitalization rather than sell it after more than a decade of ownership. The recap pays back investors and provides some growth capital for Pulaski, Va.-based BondCote, which has recovered financially and operationally from a series of high-profile […]')('2006030', 'A Dubai-based company’s effort to manage several United States ports will face opposition from one of the most prominent House Republicans on military issues. Rep. Duncan Hunter, R-Calif., chairman of the House Armed Services Committee, said Thursday he would try to scuttle the deal with Dubai Ports World as lawmakers’ complaints about the Bush administration’s […]')('2006030', 'The former chief executive of Enron, Jeffrey K. Skilling, told other top executives “they’re on to us,” after a small analyst firm produced a research note critical of some company transactions, a former executive testified on Thursday. The witness said that minutes before that, Mr. Skilling said at the May 2001 meeting attended by the […]')('2006030', 'Carl Icahn and Istithmar Media Investments, a fund for the royal family of the United Arab Emirates, ended an advisory agreement for the family’s $427 million bet on Time Warner. Under the February agreement, Istithmar promised to pay Icahn part of its profit from a derivative contract tied to 109 million shares of Time Warner […]')('2006030', 'News Corporation has been eerily quiet since it went on a billion-dollar Internet spending spree last year. But Rupert Murdoch’s deal-making machine is getting back in gear. The latest target is one of 32 companies that made presentations at last week’s Under the Radar conference in Mountain View, Calif. The deal came to light when […]')('2006030', 'Gardeners have long used homemade remedies to keep hungry deer from eating their rhododendrons and tulips. Pleasantville, N.Y.-based Nature Technologies has raised $4 million in venture capital funding to market a more elegant remedy — an ultrasound device designed to pipe out high-frequency noise that scares deer. Go to Article from VenturWire Professional »')('2006030', 'N.S.A. scandal blogger Glenn Greenwald dismisses Attorney General Alberto Gonzales\'s denial - as conveyed via a phone call to Rep. Jane Harman, who in turn talked to the Washington Post - that "the administration is not conducting any warrantless domestic surveillance programs beyond the one that President Bush has acknowledged." Gonzales\'s phone call to Harman [...]')('2006030', 'Legg Mason has filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission to register nearly 12.5 million shares of common stock that would allow Citigroup to sell much of the Legg stake it acquired in last year’s asset swap. Legg Mason said the time-to-time sale to the public would value shares at a proposed maximum offering price […]')('2006030', 'Bell Globemedia is considering an initial public offering, according to documents filed by its shareholders Wednesday with the federal communications regulator. The disclosure came as BGM kicked off an application for approval from the Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission of a recent deal that will change its ownership structure. Go to Article from The Globe […]')('2006030', 'Hilton Hotels Corporation, of the United States, has appointed advisers to sell two of the biggest British hotels acquired as part of its 3.3 billion pound takeover of Hilton International, The Times of London reported. The group has instructed Christie & Co, the property agent, to sell the 1,054-room Hilton London Metropole and the 794-room […]')('2006030', 'Merrill Lynch, the world’s biggest securities firm, will hire 15 or more bankers to finance and invest in Asian property, as it seeks to double profit and catch rivals in a region where real estate prices are climbing. Japan, the world’s second-biggest economy, grew 2.8 percent in 2005, its fastest expansion since 2000, helping boost […]')('2006030', 'Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce shares rose to a record as first-quarter profit excluding one-time items topped expectations. The shares rose $1.67 or 2.10 per cent to $81.23 in Toronto trading. Earlier, they touched $81.75. The previous record high was $81.20, reached last August. Go to Article from The Globe and Mail »')('2006030', 'An industrial plan presented by Mittal Steel to the French government on its hostile bid for Arcelor reportedly said that there will be “almost no” loss of jobs from the acquisition. Mittal, the world’s largest steelmaker, presented the plan to the government in a bid to assuage concerns that several jobs will be lost at […]')('2006030', 'David Carr, a k a the Carpetbagger, asks his colleagues at The New York Times what they will be watching for on Oscar night.')('2006030', 'The age of the rock star chief financial officer is over. From 1998 to 2000, CFO magazine handed out 28 Excellence Awards to finance chiefs who had won praise from auditors, analysts and investors for innovative approaches to what had traditionally been a buttoned-down job. Nowadays, two of the winners — WorldCom’s Scott D. Sullivan […]')('2006030', 'For the third time in less than two years, David Lerner Associates, an investment brokerage firm based in Long Island, N.Y., has agreed to fines and other penalties to settle regulatory complaints about its marketing practices. NASD said yesterday that Lerner would pay $350,000 and be suspended from selling variable insurance and annuity policies for […]')('2006030', 'New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer may have found a new industry to investigate. State authorities are looking into whether some of the nation’s biggest title-insurance companies illegally paid secret rebates and referral fees that could have raised costs for those buying or refinancing a home, The Wall Street Journal said. The New York state […]')('2006030', 'A federal judge has dismissed a lawsuit brought on behalf of Marsh & McLennan shareholders alleging the company’s failure to disclose improper trading at its Putnam Investments unit allowed Marsh stock to trade at inflated levels for a certain period, a regulatory filing said. Marsh & McLennan and Putnam, as well as some former officers […]')('2006030', 'Edgars Consolidated Stores, South Africa’s biggest retailer by market value, will bid for Coles Myer‘s department stores to expand in Australia. Edgars, based in Johannesburg, will form a team to make an offer for the Myer division of Melbourne-based Coles Myer, it said in a statement to South Africa’s stock exchange. Edgars owns stores which […]')('2006030', 'For Oscar weekend, Slate\'s Julia Turner presents a slide show essay pondering why period pieces always win the Academy Award for costume design: always Jane Austen, never "Erin Brockovich." Will Osama win the Oscar for best original screenplay? Charles Krauthammer says bin Laden might as well have scripted "Syriana": In my naivete, I used to [...]')('2006030', 'Call it a rookie mistake, or an epiphany; the Bagger has a revelation yesterday at 3 p.m. when the editor at the House of Many Doors called to finalize his picks for the newspaper. The clouds parted at the last minute and he found himself saying the word "Crash" when his best picture choice came [...]')('2006030', 'ABC, which is hosting the Oscars, commissioned a fairly extensive poll about this year\'s best picture nominees and found out there is a clear winner: none of the above. Twenty-two percent in this ABC News poll pick "Crash" for the Best Picture statuette, with "Brokeback Mountain" in second place at 15 percent. But - unusually [...]')('2006030', 'Yahooligans apparently are not on ABC\'s polling list. Users of Yahoo! Movies picked "Brokeback Mountain" as their choice for best picture to the tune of 41 percent. The "Brokeback" partisans also pushed Jake Gyllenhaal over the top in the supporting actor category. If only the Bagger had seen this earlier.')('2006030', 'In this lesson, each student will consider a special adult who plays a significant role in his or her life. Through peer interviews students reflect on their feelings about this important person, then write newspaper articles sharing their discoveries.')('2006030', 'Investors once hung onto every word — even the abstruse ones — uttered by Alan Greenspan. It’s not entirely obvious that readers will want to do likewise, based on a copy of the book proposal that Mr. Greenspan, who a month ago stepped down as chairman of the Federal Reserve after 18 years, is currently […]')('2006030', "Wendy Moonan Antiques column; Christie's London will auction 900 lots from estate of Maurice Turpin, famous London antiques dealer who has recently died; two volume catalog for sale includes abundance of English 'brown furniture' and English Regency furniture as well as many other items; photo (M)")('2006030', 'Italian parliamentary commission, citing new photographic analysis, concludes that top Soviet leaders were behind failed plot to kill Pope John Paul II in 1981; report has no legal bearing, but reopens question of whether Bulgarian secret agents, working on behalf of Soviets, played role in shooting that gravely wounded John Paul; claims that Soviet leadership saw John Paul as threat because of his support for Solidarity trade union, which worked to undermine Soviet control in his native Poland (M)')('2006030', 'Microsoft accuses European Commission of colluding with its competitors in software market and of withholding documents crucial to its antitrust case defense; Microsoft faces daily fines of 2 million euros ($2.4 million) for failing to honor antitrust ruling made in Mar 2004 that found company guilty of monopoly abuse and ordered it to change how it sells software in Europe; Microsoft claimed it was abiding by ruling but had been denied chance to fully defend itself (M)')('2006030', "Abigail Manheim letter on Thomas L Friedman's March 1 Op-Ed suggests that Americans will accept higher gasoline tax if payoff is made clear to them")('2006030', "Members of House and Senate promise to change way government reviews foreign acquisitions of companies with national security significance, citing furor surrounding Dubai company's efforts to take over some major American port terminals; say that they were blindsided by proposal and that mishandling of transaction and disclosure of other sales under review show need for Congress to play greater role; say commercial benefits of foreign acquisitions have to be weighed against threat of terrorism in post-Sept 11 environment; photo of Robert Scarone, DP World executive (L)")('2006030', "Justice Department is investigating recording industry's practice of setting prices for online music; begins serving subpoenas on four major music companies as part of broad inquiry; action comes two months after New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer began looking into practices of Universal Music Group, Sony BMG Music Entertainment, Warner Music Group and EMI Group; earlier inquiry by Justice Department did not result in any charges (M)")('2006030', 'The Churn column on litigation related to recent corporate mergers and company appointments (M)')('2006030', "Collapse of food market roof in Moscow on Feb 23 brings into fresh focus fact that many of most difficult, dangerous and least appealing jobs in Moscow are now performed by non-Russians from former Soviet republics or non-Slavs from Russia's economically stagnant regions, all drawn by city's bustling consumer economy and blur of new contruction; 64 of 66 people killed in collapse were from outside Russia, principally from Azerbaijan, but also from Tajikistan and Georgia; RIA Novosti news agency reports that from 12 million to 16 million people living in Russia in 2005 were illegal immigrants, meaning they might make up 10 percent of Russia's population and larger part of its work force; Moscovites and city leaders show little appreciation for these workers' contribution to making city work; photo (L)")('2006030', 'John E Colbert letter says Pres Bush may stumble when explaining American presence in Iraq, but Vice Pres Dick Cheney and his friends at Halliburton well know that reason is oil')('2006030', 'New York City police continue to search for suspect in murder of graduate student Imette St Guillen as family prepares for wake and funeral; reward money totaling $42,000 is being offered for information that will help solve murder; photo (M)')('2006030', "Correction of March 1 picture caption with article about New York City's agreement to adopt measures to control use of force by guards against inmates in city jails; Correction Comr is Martin F Horn")('2006030', 'Bank of America agrees to add more space to what it has already leased at tower under construction in New York City, giving it total of 1.6 million square feet (S)')('2006030', "Donald Zeigler letter on Nicholas Kristof's Feb 28 Op-Ed says there already exists an end date for war in Iraq, in late 2008, because there is no way next president, whether Democrat or Republican, will want to take office saddled with Iraq mess")('2006030', "Justice Department sues New York State for failing to comply with federal Help American Vote Act, designed to modernize state election systems and make voting easier for disabled; state and federal officials have been trying to reach agreement on stopgap measure for fall elections, but Bloomberg administration officials warn that plan under discussion is 'infeasible and impractical' (M)")('2006030', 'Tiger Woods takes first-round lead at Ford Championship; photos (M)')('2006030', "Correction of Feb 28 article about Gov George Pataki's expression of frustration with his continued hospitalization following emergency apendectomy")('2006030', "Sharon Aucoin letter on John Tierney's Feb 28 Op-Ed column on happy wives")('2006030', "Leaders of House Intelligence Committee agree to expand their inquiry into National Security Agency's domestic surveillance program, but Republicans reject broader effort by Democrats for Pres Bush to turn over detailed White House records on operation; developments reflect continued uncertainty in Congress over whether lawmakers should authorize surveillance program or seek to rein in operation that Democrats contend is illegal (M)")('2006030', 'Art in Rev8')('2006030', "Jodi L Popofsky letter says stay-at-home wives, when treated with respect and equality by their husbands, feel satisfied, happy, equitable and equal (John Tierney's Feb 28 column)")('2006030', "Griswold Draz letter on Nicholas Kristof's Feb 28 column says way to support American troops in Iraq is to bring them home")('2006030', 'Grace Glueck reviews Jean Lowe installation at McKenzie Fine Art gallery (M)')('2006030', "Investment bank W R Hambrecht & Co uses method it calls OpenIPO to use auctions to sell initial public offering of stock; Google used system when search company went public 18 months ago; Dutch auction process collects bids from interested investors and groups them by how much each is willing to pay until it reaches highest price company can sell all shares; Hambrecht worked with Morgan Stanley and Credit Suisse to manage Google's IPO; popularity of auction method has grown since success of sale; photos (M)")('2006030', "Correction of March 1 article about Steve Francis's first week with New York Knicks after his trade from Orlando Magic; he is being paid $62.5 million for four seasons through 2008-2009 season")('2006030', 'Stephen de las Heras letter holds John Tierney is right that focus in gender wars should be on fairness, not equal power (Feb 28 Op-Ed)')('2006030', 'Kevin Kjonaas, Lauren Gazzola and four other members of Stop Huntingdon Animal Cruelty are convicted by federal jury for inciting violence and related crimes associated with protest against Huntingdon Life Sciences, which runs animal testing laboratory in New Jersey (M)')('2006030', 'Conductor James Levine falls off stage at Symphony Hall in Boston where he is conducting Boston Symphony Orchestra; is unable to conduct performance following night; photo (S)')('2006030', 'Defense Dept confirms death of American serviceman in Iraq, bringing total to 2,289 (S)')('2006030', 'Roland L Kohloff, principal timpanist of New York Philharmonic for 32 years, dies at age 71; photo (M)')('2006030', 'Nascar plans to introduce so-called car of tomorrow, which will address many safety issues and improve speed; photo (M)0')('2006030', "Georgetown University's former basketball coach John Thompson Jr is still being paid by university, mostly salary that was deferred from 27 years as coach, but also from non-publicized job as special adviser to president John J DeGioia (M)")('2006030', 'NFL and players union delays start of free agency to give them three more days to reach decision on new collective bargaining agreement; photo (M)')('2006030', 'New York Knicks of 2205-6 season could be worst in franchise history if team does not win 6 of their final 25 games this season; photo (M)')('2006030', "Toshiba's recent acquisition of Westinghouse's former nuclear division adds to talk of rebirth of nuclear construction; no action has been taken to begin building more than dozen planned new reactors; nuclear power plants are more expensive than gas or coal plants but generate steady, cheap energy once they are built; China announces intention to quadruple nuclear output in next twenty years; Standard & Poor's report concludes that it is too early to talk of nuclear renaissance (M)")('2006030', 'Michael Kimmelman reviews Biennial exhibition Day for Night at Whitney Museum of American Art; photos (M)3')('2006030', "Bush administration faces significant opposition in Congress to its nuclear deal with India and tough questions from its allies on whether arrangement could set precedent encouraging spread of nuclear weapons to Iran and other potential foes of United States; administration officials express confidence that they can overcome skepticism of critics, in part because support is nearly universal in West and among Republicans and Democrats in Washington for building India's strength as bastion of democracy ad counterweight to China in Asia; photo of Pres Bush with Indian Prime Min Manmohan Singh (M)")('2006030', 'Jenny Anderson Insider column on future of hedge funds market; says that Grail Partners chief executive Donald H Putnam predicts demise of hedge fund managers; holds that business is rapidly changing as industry moves toward consolidation and development of so-called funds of funds; drawing (M)')('2006030', 'Benjamin Matthews, opera singer who founded Opera Ebony company, dies at age 72; photo (M)')('2006030', 'Richard Bernstein analysis of heated questions being raised in Germany over reports that agents of German intelligence service provided regular flow of information that helped United States in war in Iraq, even as German government vociferously opposed the war; photo (M)')('2006030', 'Microsoft and Intel will announce small, light versions of tablet personal computers aimed at consumer entertainment market; new models will feature smaller screens and sell for $1,000 or less; category of devices will be known as ultramobile personal computers (M)')('2006030', 'Federal environmental cleanup workers begin decontamination of Manhattan apartment of Vado Diomande, who inhaled anthrax spores from unprocessed animal hides; cleanup also begins of Brooklyn warehouse where Diomande worked with hides; Diomande remains hospitalized; photo (M)')('2006030', "Pataki administration leaves decision on seeking incarceration for transit union president Roger Toussaint to Attorney General Eliot Spitzer; Toussaint faces jail time for leading 2005 transit strike in violation of New York State's Taylor Law (M)")('2006030', "Steven DeMaio letter on Thomas L Friedman's March 1 Op-Ed says higher gas tax will be palatable once Americans are made to realize that driving less is patriotic")('2006030', 'Roberta Smith')('2006030', "Eleven days have passed since explosion sealed 65 miners in airless coal shaft in San Juan de Las Sabinas, Mexico, and mine operators and their American consultants are no closer to finding men; methane gas has filled mine, making it impossible to excavate without risking second explosion and more deaths; federal government declares miners dead because air samples from shaft are found to be lethally poisonous; disaster focuses attention on harsh conditions of Mexican miners and provokes national debate on mine safety; it has spawned two days of wildcat strikes at mines across country and struggle for leadership of Mexico's largest mine workers' union; union's leader, Napoleon Gomez Urrutia, blames mine owners, Grupo Mexico, for unsafe conditions at mine; photos (L)")('2006030', 'Andrea Economos letter says Nicholas Kristof was right in Feb 28 Op-Ed in recognizing that it would be mistake to just pull out of Iraq')('2006030', 'New York Gov George E Pataki introduces bill requiring operators of commercial boats to take out insurance ranging from $10 million to $100 million; proposal follows 2005 capsizing of tour boat Ethan Allen in Lake George, NY; boat operator Shoreline Cruises said it could not pay insurance claims of victims because insurance carrier contended policy covered only accidents on land (S)')('2006030', 'Rafi Eitan, Israeli intelligence handler of Jonathan Pollard, American convicted of spying for Israel, says Pollard provided such good information that he could not face stopping operation even though it was aimed at United States; says Pollard never exposed American agents in Soviet Union or elsewhere, as, he believes, he was accused of doing by Aldrich Ames, who spied for Soviet Union (M)')('2006030', "David Schoenbaum reviews book Mussolini's Italy: Life Under the Fascist Dictatorship, 1915-1945 by R J B Bosworth; photo (M)")('2006030', "Trial of lawsuit challenging California's $3 billion stem cell research program ends quietly after three and half days of mundane proceedings; plaintiffs are People's Advocate and National Tax Limitation Foundation, which advocate lower taxes, but suit is being bankrolled and handled legally by Life Legal Defense Foundation, anti-abortion group; they argue that program violates state Constitution by giving taxpayer money to organization not sufficiently controlled by state government; Judge Bonnie Lewman Sabraw is expected to issue ruling after receiving briefs from both sides (M)")('2006030', 'Fox wins ratings for Wednesday night with 90-minute episode of American Idol that attracts 29.18 million viewers (S)')('2006030', 'Charles Cullen, nurse who admitted to killing 29 patients in New Jersey and Pennsylvania, is sentenced in New Jersey court to 11 consecutive life terms, with no hope of parole for 397 years; still faces sentencing in Pennsylvania for murders there; photos (M)')('2006030', 'Excerpts from previous Frank Bruni reviews of restaurants Del Posto in Chelsea, The Orchard on Lower East Side, Telepan on Upper West Side and Gilt in midtown; photo (M)')('2006030', "Debate is under way over future of Mississippi River-Gulf Outlet, navigational shortcut between Mississippi River and Gulf of Mexico, which has been blamed for much of New Orleans's devastation in Hurricane Katrina, as well as for environmental damage; city residents and officials want canal shut down or at least bottled up, move that would cost thousands of jobs unless government spends $400 million to move nine major shipping-related businesses that currently depend on channel; photos; maps (L)")('2006030', "Ben Burrows letter argues that higher gas tax would simply substitute consumption tax, directed at poor and middle class, for progressive income taxes (Thomas L Friedman's March 1 Op-Ed)")('2006030', "Tom Julian voices reservations about higher gas tax (Thomas L Friedman's March 1 Op-Ed)")('2006030', "Coca-Cola's plan to start delivering Powerade beverages directly to Wal-Mart stores has prompted two lawsuits; group of 60 bottlers that represents about 10 percent of Coke's United States volume say move violates contracts and cuts them out of system; Coca-Cola says it is within its rights to choose alternate delivery systems; litigation may damage chief executive E Neville Isdell's attempts to improve relationships with company's bottlers; photo (M)")('2006030', "Neil Chesanow letter rejects Nicholas Kristof's proposal (Feb 28 Op-Ed) that US stay in Iraq for two more years to permit Sunnis and Shiites to figure out how to get along with each other")('2006030', 'NASD says David Lerner Associates has agreed to fines and other penalties to settle regulatory complaints about its marketing of its life insurance and annuity policies from late 1998 to early 2004; executive vice president for sales Martin Lerner and assistant vice president and director of insurance services Russell Moss were also fined and given 20 day suspensions; both company and executives admit no wrongdoing (M)')('2006030', 'New York City police arrest 13-year-old boy and seek second 13-year-old boy in stabbing death of 15-year-old Edwin Owusu-Hammond in Bronx (M)')('2006030', "Correction of headline in Business Day March 2 about Citigroup's 2005 compensation of Sanford I Weill, its chairman")('2006030', 'Ken Johnson reviews William Nicholson paintings at Paul Kasmin Gallery; photos (M)')('2006030', 'New York Jets will likely release center Kevin Mawae; photo (S)')('2006030', "Charles Moskos letter on Nicholas D Kristof's Feb 28 column says he conducted survey of soldiers serving in Iraq in Dec 2003 and found that enlisted ranks and sergeants in Iraq reported almost identical morale as that of their World War II counterparts; says it would be interesting to conduct same survey today")('2006030', 'Formation of OpenDocument Format Alliance is announced in effort to create standards for records, reports and documents stored in digital form; alliance will aim to reduce risk of public information becoming locked into proprietary software that can not be accessed by outsiders; 30 companies, including IBM and Sun Microsystems, trade groups, academic institutions and professional organizations will join alliance; Microsoft and other industry leaders support different open standard called OpenXML Document Format (M)')('2006030', 'Martin McDonagh play The Lieutenant of Inishmore, David Lindsay-Abaire play Rabbit Hole and production of Caine Mutiny Court-Martial are moving to new homes on Broadway for Spring 2006 (S)')('2006030', "Nation's top scorers, Duke University basketball player J J Redick and Gonzaga University's Adam Morrison, are also subjected to vicious taunts when on road; photos (M)")('2006030', "Dozens of masked Kenyan police officers force Standard Group's television station off the air in early morning raid in Nairobi and move on to company's newspaper plant, where they disable printing press and burn thousands of papers; three Standard journalists have been jailed over recent article about political intrigue involving Pres Mwai Kibaki, whose administration has grappled with accusations of corruption and political infighting; photo (M)")('2006030', 'New York Islanders defeat New Jersey Devils, 3-2, in shootout (M)')('2006030', 'Major League baseball players prepare for World Baseball Classic (M)')('2006030', 'MetroStars reacquire defender Steve Jolley in trade with FC Dallas (S)')('2006030', 'Security officers in Belarus arrest Aleksandr V Kazulin, opposition candidate running against Pres Aleksandr G Lukashenko in March 19 election, setting off brawl in which he is punched and suffers bruised face and broken lip; Kazulin is released by police more than eight hours later, but not before his arrest prompts protests, more scuffles with police and dozens more detentions in Minsk, Belarus capital; Kazulin photo (M)')('2006030', 'Some New York Yankees players prepare for spring training exhibition games, while others prepare for World Baseball Classic; photos (M)')('2006030', 'Correction of Feb 24 article about disagreement among labor leaders over guest worker proposal for foreigners')('2006030', "Correction of Feb 27 article about abuses of suspected subversives by Mexican military during country's 'dirty war' from late 1970's to early 1980's; private research group that posted report on its Web site is National Security Archive")('2006030', "Bail is refused for Khemwatie Bedessie, who is accused of having sex with 4-year-old boy at Veda's Learning World in Queens, day care center where she was employed (S)")('2006030', 'Seattle Mariners catcher Kenji Johjima will try to become first Japanese catcher to make Major League roster; photo (M)')('2006030', 'Susan L Kupperman, New York City mayoral aide, resigns; will become president of MTA Bridges and Tunnels, arm of Metropolitan Transportation Authority (S)')('2006030', 'New York State Comptroller Alan G Hevesi says Metropolitan Transportation Authority has fallen more than year behind schedule to protect transit system from terrorism; attributes delay to technical challenges and failure of federal government to provide sufficient assistance to urban mass transit systems; favors creating new seat on MTA board for police commissioner (M)')('2006030', 'Art in Review**')('2006030', "Boldface column; scene described at benefit for Entertainment Industry Foundation women's cancer research fund in Los Angeles; Asia Argento comments at Manhattan after-party for her movie The Heart Is Deceitful Above All Things (M)")('2006030', 'Senate votes 89 to 10 to renew sweeping antiterror law known as USA Patriot Act, major priority for Pres Bush (M)')('2006030', 'Correction of Feb 23 report about decision by far-right British National Party to distribute leaflet showing one of Prophet Muhammad cartoons orginally published in Danish newspaper; party does not control any of local councils in Britain')('2006030', 'Number of inmates at New York City jails is up 9 percent since Jan 1, putting jails at close to capacity of 15,000; census at 10 city jails is 13,793; officials say Brooklyn House of Detention, closed since 2003, will reopen if trend continues; officials are unsure of reason for increase in inmate population; photo (M)')('2006030', 'Interview with and profile of conductor Riccardo Muti; is conducting Vienna Philharmonic at Carnegie Hall less than year after his unceremonious departure from La Scala in Milan; photo (M)')('2006030', 'Public Lives profile of Ben Karlin, executive producer of television program The Daily Show With Jon Stewart; Karlin will write copy for Stewart when he serves as host at Academy Awards; photo (M)')('2006030', "Securities and Exchange Commission will issue guidelines to determine when it is appropriate to issue subpoenas to journalists; move is in response to criticism over subpoenas issued to Dow Jones columnists Herb Greenberg and Carol S Remond and CNBC's Mad Money host Jim Cramer related to investigation into accusations by Overstock.com that group of hedge funds and research firm Gradient Analytics manipulated stocks; Gradient and hedge funds have denied accusations (M)")('2006030', 'Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee votes 11 to 5 against proposal for independent Office of Public Integrity whose director would have responsibility for investigating ethics abuses in Congress; opponents say office would duplicate work of Senate Ethics Committee and violate constitutional provision for House and Senate to set their own rules (M)')('2006030', "Leaders of Iraq's Kurdish, secular and Sunni Arab parties ask main Shiite alliance to withdraw interim prime minister, Ibraham al-Jaffari, as its candidate for prime minister in next government, saying Jaafari has failed to contain sectarian violence; Jaafari imposes daytime vehicle curfew in Baghdad, and violence diminishes (M)")('2006030', "Defense witnesses George DiBello and Toni Marie Ricci testify at trial of John A Gotti about unusual decor of Gotti's social club; meeting allegedly took place at club at which Joseph D'Angelo and Michael DiLeonardo were ordered to rough up Curtis Sliwa; testimony is defense bid to cast doubt on testimony of prosecution witnesses D'Angelo and DiLeonardo (M)")('2006030', 'Highlights of several collections at Paris fashion show; photos (L)')('2006030', 'Prisoner at Guantanamo Bay detention center who says he was tortured when subjected to force-feeding in restraining chair to break his hunger strike asks Judge Gladys Kessler to intervene in his case; Justice Dept officials say that forced feeding of detainee, Mohammed Bawazir, was humane and that Bawazir mostly fabricated any discomfort he suffered (M)')('2006030', "Raucous protests against Pres Bush's visit to India continue in country for second day, with most militant in Mumbai, where tens of thousands of demonstrators turn out in Azad Maidan, field made famous by Gandhi's civil disobedience protest against British rule; photo; current protest, called by Muslim organizations and leftist political parties, is largely peaceful, but bristling with anti-American rage that is not often displayed in India; Bush lunches with Prime Min Manmohan Singh in New Delhi (M)")('2006030', "Federal Bureau of Investigation raids offices of New York City Central Labor Council as part of investigation of council president Brian M McLaughlin; investigation focuses on whether McLaughlin received improper payments from electrical contractors and played role in suspected scheme to rig bids on multimillion-dollar city contract for streetlights; FBI also raids McLaughlin's Assembly district office in Queens and headquarters of Petrocelli Electic Company; photo (M)")('2006030', 'Senators at oversight hearing voice frustration at delays in updating mine safety regulations and adopting new technology to protect coal miners; say it may be time for Congress to require mine operators to provide more emergency oxygen supplies, wireless communications equipment and devices to track miners; David Dye, assistance director of Mine Safety and Health Administration, rejects argument that his agency lacks will to improve safety and says his staff is working as fast as possible to make changes; photo (M)')('2006030', "Rev Robert J Verrigni resigns as pastor of Immaculate Heart of Mary Church in Scarsdale, NY; Verrigni will become master of ceremonies at St Patrick's Cathedral in New York City (S)")('2006030', "Estate of Claude Green Jr files lawsuit against town of Welch, W Va, and its police chief, Robert K Bowman, accusing Bowman of stopping a friend of Green's from administering CPR to Green after he started having heart attack on roadside in June 2005 on ground that Green was infected with HIV; Green died less than hour later; friend, Billy Snead, says Bowman also told ambulance workers that Green was infected; suit, which accuses defendants of violating Green's civil rights and causing his death, says Green was gay but not HIV-positive; photos of Snead and Green (M)")('2006030', 'Laurel Graeber Family Fare column recommends BAMKids Film Festival at Brooklyn Academy of Music, New Perspectives Theater Company production Steal Away: The Living History of Harriet Tubman and visit to Animation Pavilion of Artexpo New York; photo (M)')('2006030', "More than 14,000 media and advertising executives gather for American Association of Advertising Agencies conference to discuss ways to cater to consumers in technological landscape; stress importance of offering choices and intense focus; address problem of excessive advertising invading every part of consumers' lives; association releases study with Harris Interactive that concludes one-third of consumers say there is too much advertising interrupting programming; speakers discuss benefits of online advertising forums over traditional media (M)")('2006030', 'Baghdad mosque designated Mosque No. 5-833 of Sector 3, known until last week throughout neighborhoodas Saddam Hussein Mosque, name favored by Sunni Arab imam, is reclaimed by Shiite militiamen, who expel imam, Sheik Ghaith al-Tamimi; mosque is now called Imam Ali Mosque, after cousin of Prophet Muhammad whose murder catalyzed epochal Sunni-Shiite split (M)')('2006030', 'Sikorsky Aircraft and striking workers refuse to budge on contract issues nearly two weeks after walkout; main stumbling point is health care benefits; photo (M)')('2006030', 'Chief executives of five American corporations and 10 Indian companies present report to President Bush and Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on ways to improve investment and commercial ties; discuss ways to break down barriers, develop key infrastructure and strengthen intellectual property rights; executives conclude greater United States involvement will help further development in India; photo (M)')('2006030', 'Ken Johnson reviews Works on Paper art fair at Seventh Regiment Armory; photo (M)')('2006030', "Carol Vogel Inside Art column; Museum of Modern Art announces acquisition of works by Gerhard Richter, Elizabeth Murray, Luc Tymans and Roni Horn; Phillips Collection in Washington plans to reopen Rothko Room, which has been closed for three years; Marilyn Minter's hyper-realistic photographs have been enlarged into billboards that can be seen in Chelsea; Robert Storr has been appointed dean of Yale School of Art; photo (M)")('2006030', "Jonathan Cunningham letter says wife's happiness depends in part on happiness of husband (John Tierney's Feb 28 Op-Ed column)")('2006030', "Correction of Feb 28 article about Utah House of Representatives' defeat of bill intended to challenge theory of evolution in high school science classes")('2006030', 'Photo of snow-covered Fort Tryon Park in New York City')('2006030', 'Roberta Smith reviews Daina Higgins exhibition at Elizabeth Harris Gallery (M)')('2006030', 'Ramondo Jack testifies at murder trial of Kayson Pearson and Troy Hendrix that he saw defendants in Brooklyn building basement where Romona Moore was beaten and chained; photos (M)')('2006030', "Three top mainland China directors of China Aviation Oil (Singapore) are fined 700,000 Singapore dollars ($432,000) for involvement in company's collapse in 2004; chairman Jia Changbin along with directors Gu Yanfei and Li Yongji plead guilty to charges that they helped conceal company's losses; former finance chief Peter Lim was sentenced last month to two years in prison and fined 150,000 Singapore dollars ($92,600); trial of former chief executive Chen Jiulin is set to begin (S)")('2006030', 'Brooklyn Academy of Music is honoring 25th anniversary of Mark Morris Dance Group with month-long celebration; photo (S)')('2006030', 'European Central Bank raises interest rates for second time in three months; hints at more increases; president Jean-Claude Trichet notes benchmark rate of 2.5 percent is still low even with quarter-point raise; economists consider 3 percent to 3.5 percent normal level for short-term interest rates, which implies one or two further increases in future; photo (M)')('2006030', 'Correction of Feb 21 Personal Health column on depression and pregnancy')('2006030', 'New York City joins in national program to educate veterans about obesity, nutrition and diabetes (S)')('2006030', 'James Colliton, lawyer accused of hiring two teenage girls for sex and paying their mother to allow it, is considered fugitive; Colliton was arrested in Canada but was later released; photo (M)')('2006030', "Outlook for mass transportation in New Jersey brightens since New York Sen Charles E Schumer joins drive for federal funds for second rail tunnel linking New Jersey and Manhattan; tunnel plan, estimated to cost $6 billion, would reduce congestion at Pennsylvania Station and on tracks in northern New Jersey that connect to it; Schumer's support for New Jersey project is unusual, but he says state line does not eliminate need (M)")('2006030', 'New York Mets second baseman Kazuo Matsui, who has had two anemic seasons with Mets, will try to clinch roster spot this season, after he was not invited to play for Japan at World Baseball Classic; photo (M)')('2006030', 'Grace Glueck reviews photographs by Anthony Lepore at Marvelli Gallery (M)M')('2006030', "Israel's acting prime minister, Ehud Olmert, warns Palestinians that Israel will use 'far-reaching measures' and 'an iron fist against any attempt to resume terrorist activity,' whether in West Bank or Gaza Strip; new opinion poll shows Olmert's Kadima Party continuing to slip less than month before March 28 elections; photo (M)")('2006030', 'Photo of New York Rangers 6-1 win over Philadelphia Flyers')('2006030', 'New York Rangers defeat Philadelphia Flyers, 6-1; photo (M)')('2006030', 'New York City police seek driver of van that was seen when Frederick Klein was fatally shot in Brooklyn (S)')('2006030', '.')('2006030', 'Selborne Journal: 4 March 1759: Cucumbers grow away, & put out long wires; have six leaves, & three joints. Sad heavy showers. Put-in a few more Cantaleupe-seeds into the worst-looking pots. *** 8 am. 19 degrees. Sun, clouds, wind. The wind has been blowing for days now, a stiff breeze that seems to shift at [...]')('2006030', 'New Jersey Schools Construction Corp, in shift, says it will demolish X-rated theater and a hotel frequented by prostitutes adjacent to site of proposed elementary school in Passaic; photo (M)')('2006030', "Kimberly Williamson Butler, Orleans Parish clerk of criminal court, hid out for week after warrants were issued for her arrest; city's top judges had asked her to relinquish some of her responsibilities in applying for federal money to clean up flood-damaged courthouse, but she refused; Butler, who also is city's top elections official, showed up in court on March 3 to answer judges' summons, and announced that she was quitting her job so she could run for mayor; her photo (M)")('2006030', 'Correction on Feb 27 obituary about actor Don Knotts')('2006030', "Sec Gen Kofi Annan's chief of staff, Mark Malloch Brown of Britain, is promoted to deputy secretary general, UN's No 2 position; he will replace Louise Frechette of Canada, who announced her resignation in Dec 2005; photo (S)")('2006030', 'Afghan and coalition officials say suicide bomber rammed car carrying explosives into Canadian troop convoy in south, killing himself and wounding five Canadian soldiers (S)')('2006030', 'New York State appellate court suspends ruling by Acting Justice Stewart A Rosenwasser that gave leadership over Satmar sect of Hasidic Jews to Orange County faction until appeals pending by Brooklyn congregation are decided; dispute is over which son will be heir to ailing grand rabbi Moses Teitelbaum (S)')('2006030', "Raid on television station and newspaper printing plant in Nairobi appears to divide Kenya's government, with some top officials defending operation but others condemning it as illegal (S)")('2006030', 'Murray Chass On Baseball column discusses Texas Rangers shortstop Michael Young prepares with Team USA for World Baseball Classic; photos (M)0')('2006030', "Fairfield University men's basketball coach Tim O'Toole says he will not return next season (S).")('2006030', 'Lutheran Christian Academy (Pa) is investigated for reportedly easing basketball players through matriculation to help place them in colleges (M)')('2006030', 'Molly Fraker letter responds to March 2 article; holds that balancing act required specifically of working mothers would be better studied, measured and reported using broader concept like family management rather than household chores')('2006030', 'Three Israelis cause panic when they set off fireworks during service at Roman Catholic Basilica of Annunciation in Nazareth (S)')('2006030', "Mark Stein Five Days column; while personal spending rose 0.9 percent in January, incomes did not grow as fast, housing market seemed to be cooling and consumer confidence declined; European bond market fell after European Central Bank raised interest rates for second time in three months; Northwest Airlines and pilots' union wrangled over pay cuts as union threatened to strike if further cuts are imposed; European Union regulators reviewed France's brokering of takeover of water and power utility Suez by Gaz de France, and Spanish government's approval of decree that allows regulators to prevent foreign companies from taking over Spanish energy companies in wake of E.On offer for Endesa at time when Spain's Gas Natural was offering to buy Endesa; Americans bought more cars in February than year ago, but fewer American cars; photo (M)")('2006030', 'Op-Ed article by Anit Mukherjee, former Indian Army officer who spent two and half years in Kashmir, holds that instead of ignoring Kashmir, Pres Bush should be studying it as case study in dealing with insurgency; contends that one of first lessons taught to soldiers deploying in Kashmir is that insurgency can never be militarily defeated--it can only be managed until political solution is found (M)')('2006030', 'Hamas officials begin three-day visit to Moscow; Russian Foreign Min Sergey V Lavrov greets leaders of militant Palestinian group with pointed warning that organization had to recognize Israel and dismantle its militias or face isolation; photo (M)')('2006030', 'Big cellphone companies, with market saturated, are beginning to focus on improving customer service in order to gain new customers and retain existing ones; Yankee Group says some 45 million customers, or about 20 percent of all subscribers, switch providers each year and some swear never to return; photos; graph (M)')('2006030', 'Housing market is in confusing state, with average prices still rising even though homes are taking much longer to sell and number on market has soared; economists and industry executives predict that either home buyers or home sellers will have to capitulate; many real estate agents argue that current slowdown is merely pause, pointing out that interest rates remain low and Americans still seem convinced that houses are great investment; National Association of Realtors reports that number of existing homes for sale nationwide jumped 36 percent between Jan 2005 and Jan 2006; graphs; photo (M)')('2006030', 'Pres Bush finishes his two-day visit to India with speech praising new warmth in Indian-American relations, and urges Americans to welcome rather than fear India as economic competitor; defends outsourcing of American jobs to India as reality of global economy, and says US should focus on India as vital new market for American goods; three people are killed and over dozen injured in anti-Bush protests in Lucknow; photo (M)')('2006030', 'Patent holder NTP, just days before Federal District Judge James Spencer was to issue injunction shutting down BlackBerry wireless e-mail service, drops infringement lawsuit against Research in Motion in exchange for $612.5 million (M)')('2006030', 'Phil Mickelson, Tiger Woods, Scott Verplank and Camilo Villegas share second-round lead at Ford Championship; photo (M)')('2006030', 'Dana Corp, auto parts supplier that faces dwindling cash and federal probe into its accounting, files for bankruptcy protection; automakers could face supply disruptions and higher prices (M)')('2006030', "Editorial holds that erosion of nation's clean air laws under Bush administration has inspired North Carolina Atty Gen Roy Cooper to adopt unusual legal strategy to force out-of-state power plants to stop sending air pollution into his state; notes that Cooper asked federal court to order Tennessee Valley Authority to install up-to-date emissions controls in 11 power plants in Alabama, Tennessee and Kentucky; maintains that some legal experts give Cooper's unorthodox strategy good chance, and this suggests that TVA would do well to reach amicable agreement")('2006030', 'Wal-Mart Stores, relenting to pressure from state officials, says it will begin carrying Plan B, emergency contraception pill, in all of its US pharmacies by end of month; will allow pharmacists who object to filling Plan B prescriptions to refer customers to another pharmacist and, in some cases, to another pharmacy (M)')('2006030', "Former Rep Randy Cunningham is sentenced to eight years and four months in prison for taking $2.4 million in bribes from military contractors in return for smoothing way for government contracts; government says sentence is longest ever handed down for member or former member of Congress in federal corruption case; Judge Larry Alan Burns, in recognition of what Cunningham's lawyers have described as his failing health, recommends sending him first to prison medical center; photo (M)")('2006030', 'Students at John Jay College of Criminal Justice in Manhattan are grieving, raising reward money and planning memorial for Imette St Guillen, classmate whose strangled body was found in desolate area of Brooklyn on Feb 26; details and nature of crime are seeping into discussions among budding criminologists in hallways and classrooms, and some students are applying lessons from their classes to profile attacker; photos (M)')('2006030', "PSA International of Singapore, disappointed that DP World of Dubai is buying Peninsular & Oriental Steam Navigation Co, which operates six American shipping terminals, seeks to invest elsewhere; PSA, which has no port operations in US, would have vaulted to top from second in global port operators if deal had gone through; analysts say growth of world's privately owned ports, dominated by four players, will largely involve buying individual ports from governments, expanding existing terminals or building new ones; photo (M)")('2006030', 'Pilots at Northwest Airlines agree to $358 million annual pay cut, averting strike threat and positioning carrier for potentially rapid exit from bankruptcy (M)')('2006030', "Vodafone says it is in talks to sell struggling Japanese cellphone unit to SoftBank; sale would be major retreat by Vodafone; retreat from Japan would ease pressure on Vodafone's chief executive Arun Sarin, who has come under fire for lackluster overall performance (M)")('2006030', 'House Speaker J Dennis Hastert, six months after he said it did not make sense to rebuild parts of New Orleans, visits city and says we want to make sure that levees are safe and that system is foolproof (M)')('2006030', "Correction on March 3 report in Arts, Briefly column about conductor James Levine's fall at Symphony Hall in Boston; he fell down on stage; he did not fall off it")('2006030', "Conrad de Aenlle column on report by Merrill Lynch strategist Richard Bernstein that suggested three qualities that companies that offer good shareholder value possess; list of 24 companies in Standard & Poor's 500-stock index that have all three criteria (M)")('2006030', "British art forger John Myatt is exhibiting and selling his new works in style of famous artists with words 'Genuine Fake' written on back of each painting; photo (M)")('2006030', 'Photo of Bear Stearns Tournament of Champions squash competition')('2006030', "Madison Square Garden chairman James L Dolan says he has faith in New York Knicks general manager Isiah Thomas, despite team's struggles this season; photos (M)0")('2006030', "Israeli fence along Gaza's perimeter has three crossings: Erez for those going to and from Israel, Karni, which handles cargo and Rafah on Egyptian border; crossings are constant source of friction for Israelis and Palestinians, but they are crucial for Gaza, with its population of 1.4 million crammed into area far too small to be self-sufficient; crossings are struggling to function, with Hamas poised to lead Palestinian Authority and Israel warning it could respond with even tighter security controls; Israel allows 5,000 workers to cross daily, all at Erez; jobs in Israel are prized because they pay up to $40 a day; that is far more than laborer can earn in Gaza; map; photos (M)")('2006030', "Nassau County's health care agency, Nassau Health Care Corp, is still in red and running out of money despite having refinanced its debt, revamped itself and cut 900 jobs; new bailout plans are afoot, calling for new controls, new administrator, and cash infusion of as much as $98 million (M)")('2006030', "Previously unknown six-page James Joyce manuscript that outlines first stage of book Finnegan's Wake has been acquired by Ireland's National Library for $1.39 million from Sotheby's auction(S)")('2006030', "Huang Ju, China's sixth-ranking Communist Party official and top manager of country's financial sector, has been hospitalized because of illness (S)")('2006030', 'Jim Tehan, spokesman for Myvesta.org, credit counseling Web site, explains why it is ludicrous to use credit card to pay taxes in order to accumulate reward points; last year, 1.57 million people paid their taxes by credit card, 54 percent increase over year before; photo (M)')('2006030', 'Con Edison officials disclose at New York City Council hearing that they found 1,214 instances of stray voltage during yearlong examination of electrical equipment on city streets; testing requirements were imposed under state rules adopted in January 2005 after Jodie S Lane was killed in 2004 when she stepped on metal plate in East Village; despite Con Ed efforts, there has been series of mishaps around city highlighting risks of stray voltage; utility will acquire five vehicle-mounted stray-voltage detection machines to speed its work; photo (M)')('2006030', 'Rep Peter T King confirms that after he threatened legislation to hold up Dubai ports deal, Pentagon informed him that it could not provide aircraft for his planned March Congressional delegation to Iraq and elsewhere in Middle East; King photo (M)')('2006030', 'New York State Lt Gov Mary O Donohue is being considered for federal judgeship after being nominated by Gov George E Pataki; photo (S)')('2006030', 'Brooklyn jewelry store owner and employee are shot during robbery by four men wearing ski masks (S)')('2006030', 'Puerto Rico national team, with five New York Mets, prepare for World Baseball Classic; photos (M)')('2006030', 'Anne Cassebaum letter holds that Amtrak will be superior rail system when federal government subsidizes it in serious way')('2006030', 'Industry analysts are keeping close watch on Chrysler, which has so far eluded financial troubles that General Motors and Ford face, as it deals with high inventories and continues to offer steep incentives and rebates; chief executive Thomas LaSorda is confident problems are result of only momentary sales lull and that 10 new vehicles it plans to introduce this year will increase sales momentum; photo; graphs (M)')('2006030', 'Correction on Feb 28 obituary about Brig Gen Robert L Scott Jr')('2006030', 'US finds itself isolated in its opposition to proposal to replace discredited Human Rights Commission, and its pledge to vote against adoption of plan has thrown UN into turmoil (M)')('2006030', 'Henry M Morris, father of modern creationism, whose prolific writings sought scientific validation for literal interpretation of Bible and provided intellectual underpinnings for attacks on evolution as account of world history, dies at age 87; photo (M)')('2006030', 'March 2 headline about note of thanks Justice Samuel A Alito Jr wrote to Dr James C Dobson referred incorrectly to Dobson; he is evangelical Christian')('2006030', "Buffalo Sabres retire Pat LaFontaine's number; photo (M)8")('2006030', 'NFL and players union resume talks on new collective bargaining agreement (M)0')('2006030', "Russian National Orchestra, Russia's first and foremost independent orchestra, is set to perform program of Tchaikovsky at Avery Fisher Hall conducted by Vladimir Jurowski; is first Russian orchestra to win Grammy and is recording all of Beethoven's symphonies for Deutsche Grammophon; photo (M)")('2006030', 'US and European officials are beginning to give up hope that threat to cut off financial support will prompt Hamas to moderate its positions, leaving West with nearly impossible dilemma as it decides how to respond; Hamas leader Khaled Meshal refuses to recognize Israel, and says his group will maintain informal cease-fire only if Israel refrains from violence (M)')('2006030', 'Howard Reed letter holds that Iraq should be divided into three countries: Kurdistan, Shiite republic and Sunni state')('2006030', 'Floyd Norris column on phenomenal housing boom in US, which virtually every commentator says is coming to end; assesses latest data from Office of Federal Housing Enterprise Oversight; graph; chart (M)')('2006030', 'Editorial contends that Mayor Michael Bloomberg was often diplomatic to fault in his first term, but he is now unchained, and that should make for fascinating politics and policy')('2006030', 'Ceremonial start of Iditarod Trail Sled Dog Race will be held in Anchorage, but actual start will moved northward to Willow because of lack of sufficient snow (S)')('2006030', 'Debbie Berne letter holds that when upper-middle-class women choose to have children, they should consider how that might affect their careers')('2006030', "Profile of and interview with actor Paul Sorvino, who will make his New York City Opera debut in Frank Loesser's The Most Happy Fella; photo (M)")('2006030', "Paul Schoenbaum letter supports Thomas L Friedman March 3 Op-Ed column contending that ball is in Iraqis' court and decision is theirs to decide between peace and civil war")('2006030', 'Exhibition The Dead Weight of Quarrel Hangs: Documents From the Atlas Group Archives at Kitchen gallery is first solo show by Lebanese artist Walid Raad; Raad uses style of Late Conceptual Art to explore tumult of wars that ravaged Lebanon from 1975 to 1991; photo (M)')('2006030', "Rev Earl Stallings, prominent Baptist pastor in Birmingham, Ala, who in 1963 risked rejection of his own white congregation by seating African-American worshippers among them at his Easter service and reconciliation among city's erupting racial antagonisms, dies at age 89 (M)")('2006030', 'Defense Dept confirms deaths of two soldiers in Iraq (S)')('2006030', 'Exhibition Searching for Shakespeare at National Portrait Gallery in London features six oil paintings most frequently said to portray Shakespeare; aims to raise questions about identity of Shakespeare and displays both documentary evidence of his life and artifacts of era in which he lived; photos (M)')('2006030', 'Jesse Lava letter notes that Feb 26 article said former Enron Corp chmn Kenneth L Lay is facing financial ruin because his net worth is less than $650,000')('2006030', "Iran's chief nuclear negotiator, Ali Larijani, in talks in Vienna with his former European negotiating partners, rejects Europeans' key demand for resuming relationship: return to indefinite freeze on making enriched uranium; Larijani had asked for talks, promising new ideas aimed at restarting negotiations and keeping Iran's nuclear case out of UN Security Council (M)")('2006030', "What's Offline column; Allen B Wry, in article in Fade In magazine, says that over past two decades, number of major award nominations given to traditional movie studio films has dropped by more than 50 percent while awards to independent producers, 'minimajors' and overseas production companies has gone through roof; Michelle Roberts writes about PricewaterhouseCoopers' tax department director Martha Ruiz in Working Mother magazine; Ruiz, on magazine's cover, comments on her experience at Oscar festivities last year; Mary Beth Franklin, in article in Kiplinger's, reports on tax loophole for child dependency exemption and child tax credit that could save upper-income families money; article in Backpacker magazine reports that since 1993, retailer Patagonia has recycled some 98 million plastic bottles to help make its fleece jackets; figures translate into enough oil to fill 40-gallon tank of Chevy Suburban 22,790 times; photo (M)")('2006030', "Senior Bush administration officials say deeper review of DP World's plan to take over some terminal operations at several US ports will include inspections at ports, background checks on employees and examination of efforts of United Arab Emirates to fight terrorism (M)")('2006030', 'Armin Meiwes, German cannibal who is standing trial on murder charges for second time, convinces German court to ban horror film Rohtenburg based on case that involved him killing and eating willing victim he found on Internet; Meiwes claims film sensationalizes his crime and depicts killing in gory and inaccurate terms; Atlantic Streamline, Los Angeles-based production company that made film, says it will appeal ruling; photo (M)')('2006030', 'Skiers from around the world attend Level One course of Canadian Ski Instructors Alliance every year, some to become ski instructors, and others for bragging rights; photo (M)')('2006030', 'Shiite clerics across Iraq lash out at Kurdish, Sunni Arab and secular political leaders, who are mounting effort to prevent Prime Min Ibrahim al-Jaafari, Shiite, from retaining his post in new government; photo (M)')('2006030', 'Intel announces decline in semiconductor demand and sharply lowers its quarterly revenue forecast; says it expects to post quarterly sales of $8.7 billion to $9.1 billion; Thomson Financial survey shows analysts had been expecting sales of $9.42 billion for first quarter; photo (M)')('2006030', 'Phillip Alder bridge column on semifinals of NEC Cup at NEC Bridge Festival played in Yokohama, Japan; diagram (M)/')('2006030', "Hong Kong government says authorities in China's Guangdong Province have notified them that man in Guangzhou fell sick with what they suspect was avian flu and died (S)")('2006030', 'Elisabeth Israels Perry letter holds that two changes must occur for mothers to enjoy equal chance at fulfilling work life outside home: men have to take equal responsibility for child care, and workplace has to offer more help')('2006030', 'Zev Borow humorous Op-Ed article provides excerpts from speeches we would like to hear (M)')('2006030', 'Food and Drug Administration often requires manufacturers of new drugs to study whether they are working as intended and whether they have unwanted side effects; it reports that two-thirds of studies have not even been started; says hundreds of studies have been pending for years, with one dating to 1955 (M)')('2006030', 'Correction on Feb 22 article about resignation of Harvard pres Lawrence H Summers')('2006030', "Susanna Salk letter holds that stay-at-home mom is 'working mother' as well")('2006030', 'Pres Bush arrives in Islamabad for 24-hour visit to capital locked down under extraordinary security, as broad coalition of political parties close shops and halt transportation across Pakistan; visit, first by US president in six years, threatens to roil nation still seething over cartoons of Prophet Muhammed that were first published in Danish newspaper; thousands of people have turned out in protests that are increasingly directed at Bush and pro-American policies of Gen Pervez Musharraf; photo (M)')('2006030', "Judge John Gleeson says he will allow New York State's current system for electing judges to stay in place for November election because there is not enough time to implement changes he ordered to make system more democratic (S)")('2006030', "Rev Robert J Verrigni resigns as pastor of Immaculate Heart of Mary Church in Scarsdale, NY, acceding to demands of 'crisis committee' of parishoners, who moved to push him out; bitterness continues between his supporters, who describe him as compassionate, and critics, who say he squandered parish money and indiscriminately fired parish employees; photo (M)")('2006030', "Experts say hospitals in New York State are losing tens to hundreds of millions of dollars in Medicare payments because they cannot transfer elderly 'subacute' patients in need of extended care to quasi nursing wards, known as transitional care units; New York is one of few that do not allow hospitals to establish transitional care units, in part because of opposition from nursing homes, which view them as competition; chart comparing hospital stays in different states for Medicare patients (M)")('2006030', 'Corrections on Feb 26 obituary about author Frederick Busch')('2006030', "Lawrence Downes, in Editorial Observer column, holds that parents should get recently released four-DVD set of The Electric Company, which ran from 1971 to 1977 and was one of best children's television shows ever (M)")('2006030', 'Editorial contends that Hamas won Palestinian election fair and square; holds that US officials, who say they are committed to cause of expanding democracy in Middle East, should not even entertain idea of doing anything to undermine results and install different government; maintains that does not mean continuing to provide subsidies that help pay for Palestinian police, civil servants and other employees')('2006030', 'Japanese government announces third consecutive month of price increases, offering strongest sign that country has ended eight years of draining price declines and tepid stop-and-start growth; reports consumer prices rose 0.5 percent in January, biggest gain in eight years; news could prompt Bank of Japan to scrap its extremely loose monetary policy as early as next week; photo (M)')('2006030', "Excerpts from interview with Cadbury Schweppes chief executive Tod Stitzer, who comments on company's future in beverage business in US and possible reasons why people are chewing more gum; photo (M)")('2006030', 'New York Knicks coach Larry Brown considers having surgery for bladder condition (S)0')('2006030', 'Sydney Hatchett, 14, leaps into East River from concrete promenade in Manhattan after telling his younger sister he was going to do so (M)')('2006030', 'Alina Tugend column on anger among American consumers over unpaid rebates; Vericours Inc director Peter Kastner estimates that, on personal computers alone, manufacturers are saving $10 billion on unpaid rebates; Council of Better Business Bureaus reports complaints about rebates jumped 2,715 in 2005 from 964 in 2001; consumers comment on frustrations over trying to rebates processed and paid; drawing (M)')('2006030', "New York City officials acknowledge that Mayor Michael R Bloomberg knew of inquiry into Brian M McLaughlin, president of New York City Central Labor Council and state assemblyman for Queens, when group gave backing to mayor's re-election campaign; say he did not know details of investigation, which concerned alleged scheme to rig bids for millions of dollars worth of city streetlight contracts; photo (M)")('2006030', "Republican Assemblyman Patrick Manning drops out of New York governor's race after revelations of extramarital affair; also drew weak support from conservatives; says he will defend his Dutchess County Assembly seat (M)")('2006030', 'Photo shows police officer examining holes in window of Belfast bar after police raid; bar is known hangout for Protestant paramilitaries of Ulster Defense Association in Belfast')('2006030', "Dominican Republic national team fans arrive at team's first practice for autographs and pictures, hoping team can make it through World Baseball Classic; photos (M)")('2006030', "Film Walk the Line portrays life of Johnny Cash with focus on his romance with June Carter, but fails to show impact of religion on Cash's life; film has been criticized by religious organizations and leaders who feel Cash's Christian beliefs should have been prominent in film; photo (M)")('2006030', 'Sentencing of Lynne F Stewart, lawyer convicted in New York of conspiring with imprisoned terrorist Sheik Omar Abdel Rahman, is delayed because she is recovering from surgery for breast cancer; photo (M)')('2006030', 'Prime Min Tony Blair, on Independent Television talk show, indicates that God influenced his deliberations when he committed British troops to fight alongside US forces in Iraq (M)')('2006030', "Breckenridge and Summit County, Colo, in fall of 2005 bought 1,840 acres of 8,000-acre Horseshoe gold field; with ownership came responsibility for environmental problems and management of landscape that created Breckenridge in days of Gold Rush, but that also suffered some of worst of mining's effects; buyers agreed to spend about $2 million for environmental cleanup in addition to $8.2 million purchase price; academics and experts on mine reclamation--one of biggest environmental problems of West--say that Breckenridge's groundbreaking path could change how mine reclamation works; map; photos (M)")('2006030', 'Residents of Lanzhou, China, are angry because price of large bowl of noodles has increased to 31 cents from 27 cents; local officials have promised to investigate allegations of price fixing against noodle cartel; controversy is reminder of millions of Chinese who still live on margins so slender that bump of 4 cents for bowl of noodles constitutes real money; map; photos (M)')('2006030', "Barbara Guest, prominent modernist poet who was only woman to be member of famed New York School of poets of late 1950's and early 60's, dies at age 85; photo (M)")('2006030', "Correction on Feb 16 article about 19 watercolors by William Blake that will be auctioned at Sotheby's")('2006030', 'New York Yankees pitcher Jaret Wright throws in spring training exhibition and says shoulder feels good; photo (M)0')('2006030', 'Correction on March 1 map with article about bird flu in France')('2006030', 'ABC wins Wednesday night ratings among 18 to 49-year-olds, but Fox wins sales measurement; photo (S)')('2006030', 'William C Rhoden Sports of The Times column contends that underdog college basketball teams do not really have fair shot at NCAA title, as best players are generally attracted to bigger-market schools (M)')('2006030', "State attorney general's office reaches $6.2 million settlement with 31 chemical companies to clean up more than 600 drums and 27 tanks of potentially lethal chemicals at Bronx facilities where Hexagon Laboratories made pharmaceuticals until it went bankrupt in 1989; companies were involved in Hexagon's business or its chemical operations; cleanup will cost total of $9 million; photo (M)")('2006030', "Maria Race letter responds to March 2 article; holds that as working mother of four sons, she feels 'duped' about working motherhood; drawing")('2006030', 'Blend of art reproduction and digital technology is being used to produce precise replicas of works to keep Japanese cultural artifacts from fading from view and collective memory; Kyoto Digital archive project is displaying results of its reproduction efforts of large-scale art from three temples in exhibit at Artexpo fair at Jacob K Javits Center; project is collaborative effort of Kyoto International Culture Foundation and Hewlett-Pacakrd; photos (M)')('2006030', "Yvonne Terlingen letter opposes Amb John R Bolton's advice to reopen negotiations on text for new UN Human Rights Council")('2006030', "Kathleen Brennan letter responds to March 2 article; holds that family life is not woman's work, it is everyone's work")('2006030', "James Colliton, lawyer accused of repeatedly hiring two underage sisters for sex and paying their mother to allow it, is arrested in New York City hotel room after brief manhunt; girls' mother is also arrested on charges of promoting prostitution and endangering welfare of a child; photo (M)")('2006030', 'Photo of skiers who travel to Canada to learn to be ski instructorS')('2006030', 'Paula Edelson letter holds that there has not been big antiwar movement in US because there has not been military draft')('2006030', 'Photo of funeral procession for Police Officer Joseph Corr of New Hartford, NY, who was killed while pursuing robbery suspects')('2006030', "Ray Pentkowsi, principal of Poultney, Vt, elementary school, says his school is down to 208 children and has lost third of its student population since 1999; Poultney, town of 3,600, is just one example of situation that increasingly alarms many in Vermont; state is losing young people at precipitous clip; Vermont, with population of about 620,000, has lowest birth rate among states; three-quarters of its public schools have lost children since 2000, and total number of 20- to 34-year-olds in Vermont has shrunk by 19 percent since 1990; Gov Jim Douglas is treating situation like crisis; while Vermont's population of young people shrinks, number of older residents is multiplying because Vermont increasingly attracts retirees from other states; graph; photos (M)")('2006030', "Nicolette Hahn Niman Op-Ed article holds that as livestock farmer and environmental lawyer, she has paid particular attention to discussion about using manure as 'green power'; maintains that idea sounds appealing, but manure turns out to be poor source of energy; contends that unlike solar or wind, it can create more environmental problems than it solves, and it ends up subsidizing large agribusiness; drawing (M)")('2006030', 'Chicago Bulls defeat New York Knicks, 108-101; photos (M)0')('2006030', "Peter Osgood, star of English soccer in late 1960's and early 70's, dies at age 59; photo (M)")('2006030', 'The Bagger is in postion on - well, next to - the red carpet at the Oscars. He is stuck behind one of those plastic hedges that is so ubiquitous at these events. Wolfgang Puck just came by with a tray of canapes, but alas, they were not for the Bagger. The fans who are [...]')('2006030', "The Carpetbagger works the red carpet - and talks to Amy Adams (pictured), Ang Lee and George Clooney - at Saturday's Independent Spirit Awards.")('2006030', 'Dana, an auto supplier facing dwindling cash and a federal investigation into its accounting, filed for bankruptcy protection on Friday, becoming the latest auto parts maker to falter as United States car companies downsize. One of the nation’s largest manufacturers of axles, brakes and other automobile components, Dana cited an inability to negotiate new loans […]')('2006030', 'Research In Motion paid $612.5 million to settle a patent dispute with NTP, ending a four-year legal battle and averting the potential shutdown of BlackBerry e-mail service across the U.S. The shares surged 18 percent. NTP, which claimed it had licenses covering BlackBerry devices, dropped all claims, the companies said in a joint statement. The […]')('2006030', "No Selborne Journal today. Gilbert White made no entry for 5 March 1759, and on this day in 1784–the year we have been tracking–he was in South Lambeth visiting his brother. New entry tomorrow. *** But as for here and now, it's 22 degrees, 8 am, and bright sun. Horses shedding. Ice on the duck-tank, [...]")('2006030', 'Op-Ed article by Nobel Peace Prize laureates Jimmy Carter, Oscar Arias, Kim Dae Jung, Shirin Ebadi and Desmond Tutu holds that UN Commission on Human Rights has become more of political battleground than meaningful force for protecting victims of human rights violations, and it must be reformed; notes that Sec Gen Kofi Annan in 2005 proposed that UN replace commission with more effective body; maintains that Jan Eliasson, president of General Assembly, has produced draft proposal that represents significant improvement over existing commission; drawing (M)')('2006030', 'United States Virgin Islands and Virgin Islands Tax Working Group, representing several wealthy financiers who own homes there, are lobbying to persuade Congress to drop new requirement that at least half the year be spent on islands to qualify for tax break intended to spur economic development; some beneficiaries spent little time on islands and derived little of their income there; Virgin Islands government fears disruption of legitimate business (M)')('2006030', 'Kevin Boyle reviews book Absolute Convictions: My Father, a City, and the Conflict That Divided America by Eyal Press; photo (M)')('2006030', 'Roger Lowenstein article urges elimination of mortgage-interest tax deduction for homeowners; says deduction is unfair, deprives Treasury of needed revenue and does nothing to encourage homeownership; notes stiff opposition his proposal would encounter, especially from real estate agents, and therefore suggests phasing it out over many years; graphs; drawing (L)')('2006030', 'Jason Diamos Around The NHL column discusses NHL players who were injured during 2006 Olympics, particularly those on Ottawa Senators team; photo (M)')('2006030', 'Chinese Prime Min Wen Jiabao sets government priority on narrowing politically volatile gap between urban rich and rural poor; promises only modest 14.2 percent increase in government spending to $42.3 billion to address problem; announces 14.7 percent increase in military spending for 2006 to $35.3 billion, though some American and European military experts say actual military budget is two or three times higher; photo (M)')('2006030', 'Five-year-old Erik Sturgis dies in house fire in Sayreville, NJ; Middlesex County Prosecutor Bruce J Kaplan says father Kevin Sturgis had left child alone; Kevin Sturgis has not been charged with crime (M)')('2006030', 'Letter from Manuel Rodriguez-Orellana, secretary for North American relations of Puerto Rican Independence Party, urges US to end territorial colonialism in Puerto Rico')('2006030', 'Michael Hirsh reviews books Global Capitalisd')('2006030', 'Brendan Koerner The Goods column on Run Over by Car Vase, created by Ron Gilad, co-founder of New York design firm Designfenzider; vases are made of brass tubes that are run over by Mercedes sedan; photo (M)')('2006030', 'New Orleans is so fractured and fragmented after Hurricane Katrina, that some people say it needs leader like Huey Long, Depression-era governor and US senator who dominated state before his assassination; photo (M)')('2006030', 'Memphis Grizzlies player Paul Gasol is averaging 20.3 points per game; photo (M)')('2006030', 'Bill Cunningham Evening Hours photos of balls, awards galas and receptions around New York City')('2006030', 'Body of newborn is found in Hempstead, NY, after being struck by several vehicles whose drivers were apparently unaware of what they had run over; police are investigating; maps (M)')('2006030', "Profiles of some of New York's hottest real estate developers and brokers: Aby Rosen, Paula Del Nunzio, James Lansill, Scott Sabbagh, Abram Shnay, Charles Blaichman and Dolly Lenz; photos (L)")('2006030', 'Recreation officials in towns across Westchester County, NY, comment on plans to build new skateboarding parks and dismantle others because of poor attendance; those whose towns have had skate parks for some time say surge of interest fades over time and theorize that young people lose interest in parks because of antiquated equipment and requirements that they wear helmets, wrist guards and knee pads; observers of skateboarding culture say some boarders think officially sanctioned parks are uncool; photos (M)')('2006030', "Article on David Hodgson, best-selling author who has written strategy guide for Electronic Arts' new Godfather video game, which is slated to be released this month; Hodgson is one of 25 or so professional authors who write strategy guides fo video games that can sell hundreds of thousands of copies; makers of video games say that while competition from free Internet sites is stiff, publishers have advantage of extensive cooperation from game makers; photos (M)")('2006030', "Chad Smith letter comments on Nir Rosen's Feb 19 article on jihadi culture of Jordan")('2006030', 'William Saletan revie')('2006030', "Eduardo Porter column maintains US immigration policy is designed for failure because workplace is virtually unpoliced; notes some 400,000 to 500,000 illegal immigrants enter US every year, almost double rate of 1980's, before buildup in border enforcement; University of California economist Gordon Hanson says employers feel strongly about maintaining access to immigrant workers and exert political pressure to prevent enforcement from being effective; graphs (M)")('2006030', "North Carolina University men's basketball team defeats Duke University, 83-76; photos (M)")('2006030', 'Correction on Feb 26 article about wedding dress rentals')('2006030', 'Reading File; excerpts from Daniel Byma article on www.foreignpolicy.com, Jennifer Kahn article in Wired and Roger Dobson and Abul Taher report in London Times; photo (M)')('2006030', "New York Democratic gubernatorial hopeful Eliot Spitzer defeats Democratic rival Thomas R Suozzi in staw poll of rural Democratic leaders; Sen Hillary Rodham Clinton beats rival Jonathan Tasini for Senate; attorney general hopeful Andrew M Cuomo outdoes closest challenger Denise O'Donnell; photos (M)")('2006030', 'World, first cruise ship condominium, is about to be joined by three others: Orphalese, Four Seasons and Magellan; drawing (M)')('2006030', 'Richar1')('2006030', 'People are spending thousands of dollars consulting mediums--online or by telephone--and are becoming psychic junkies; actress Sarah Lassez, who found she had become an addict, has started Web site and written self-help book to assist others in their recovery; photos (M)')('2006030', 'Dave Itzkoff reviews David Marusek book Counting Heads; photo (M)')('2006030', 'Models at Paris fashion shows appeared with their faces hidden or obscured; some art historians and scholars of gender studies say shrouding of women by several designers was response to anything from Islamic fundamentalism to bird flu; cultural critics say that designers may simply have been out to shock; photos (M)')('2006030', 'Walerian Borowczyk, Surrealist filmmaker, dies at age 82; photo (M)')('2006030', "Sarah Resnick letter disputes Peter Beinart's contention that Harvard students often graduate without kind of core knowledge that you would expect from good high school student (David Brooks March 2 column)")('2006030', 'Todd Barry article on working for a while as substitute teacher at School for the Deaf in New York City and nearly losing job after he jokingly offered fellow teacher $5 to take class off his hands; drawing (M)')('2006030', "Correction of February 26 Square Feet article about developer Frank J Sciame; Sciame restored Seamen's Church Institute in Manhattan")('2006030', "Signs are emerging that top commanders of Colombia's disarmed paramilitary groups are using bribery and intimidation to control local lawmakers and even blocs of representatives in Congress, while they reshape their militias into criminal networks that traffic in cocaine, extort businesses and loot local governments; photo; map (M)")('2006030', "Democrats need six seats to recapture Senate and are focusing energy and resources on defeating Pennsylvania Sen Rick Santorum's re-election bid; some public opinion polls find Santorum consistently trailing his Democratic opponent State Treasurer Bob Casey Jr; Casey is symbol of new pragmatism in Democrats; race could demonstrate whether Democrats can hold energized liberal base while reaching out to social conservatives, or whether Republicans can win war of ideas when social and cultural issues are neutralized; photos; map; graph (L)")('2006030', "Tom August letter on Francis Fukuyama's Feb 19 article on US foreign policy in light of failure of neoconservative experiment in Iraq")('2006030', "Ben Cosgrove letter comments on Jeanne Darst's Feb 19 story Bad Call")('2006030', "Susan Shurin letter praises Ann Hood's Feb 26 Modern Love essay")('2006030', "There are signs that Pres Bush's once limitless supply of political capital has few reserves left, extraordinary turn of events so early in second term of president whose party controls both wings of Congress; recent poll showed that his job approval rating had fallen to 34 percent, but more worrisome is open rebellion of his own party in Congress at almost every turn; Bush photo (M)")('2006030', 'O6')('2006030', 'Ann Calandro letter on February 26 article about annoying telephone voice prompts recalls how she resolved billing error with major telecommunications company')('2006030', 'Miami University pitcher Scott Maine enjoys start to first season since returning from near-fatal car accident; photos (M)')('2006030', 'Isabel Fleming dies in fire at Brooklyn apartment building (M)')('2006030', 'Martin Walker reviews book The Case for Goliath: How')('2006030', "Federal Judge Amy J St Eve hears arguments about whether American citizen Muhammad Hamid Khalil Salah's confession made to Israeli security agents can be used in trial in which he is accused of laundering money for Hamas to finance terrorist acts; Salah is one of three men indicted on racketeering charges in 2004; was arrested by Israelis in 1993 and transferred to United States in 1997 (M)")('2006030', 'Steven Flanders letter on February 26 editorial about relief from noisy leaf blowers')('2006030', "Russell Shorto article on Piet Eichholtz's study of ups and downs of prices of houses on Amsterdam's Herengracht canal over last 400 years, which was cited by Yale economist Robert J Shiller in arguing that today's global residential real estate boom is another instance of irrational exuberance; Eichholtz does not believe that his data alone necessarily suggests that collapse of housing market is coming, but, like Shiller, he is skeptical of claims that property values can continue to increase ad infinitum; photos (L)")('2006030', "Matthew S Levine letter holds that David Brooks's curriculum may produce pundits, but it will not produce many neuroscientists, philosophers or heroes; (March 2 column); drawing")('2006030', 'Horrifying torture death of 23-year-old Jewish man Ilan Halimi has stunned France; investigators believe at least 20 people participated in abduction and subsequent negotiations for ransom; case seems to embody social problems of immigration, race and class that France has been facing with uncertainty; alleged kidnappers called themselves barbarians and included children of blacks from Africa and Caribbean, North African Arabs, Iranians and whites from Portugal and France; photo (M)')('2006030', 'New York Knicks defeat Milwaukee Bucks, 103-98; photos (M)')('2006030', 'Howard Goldberg reviews Channing Daughters 2005 Channing Perrine sauvignon blanc wine (S)')('2006030', 'Italy and catcher Mike Piazza prepare to face Australia in World Baseball Classic; photo (M)')('2006030', 'Barry')('2006030', "Lori Warren letter says intense sorrow she felt reading Ann Hood's Feb 26 Modern Love essay took her breath away")('2006030', "More than 500 family members of 9/11 victims have signed up to watch first sentencing trial of Zacarias Moussaoui; trial may be only one in United States of someone charged with direct responsibility for attacks; government has set aside rooms with closed-circuit television in courthouses around country for victims' family members; photo (M)")('2006030', "Emma R Rebhorn letter praises The Funny Pages, particularly Chris Ware's comic strip Building Stories")('2006030', "Chloe Ross letter comments on Rob Walker's Feb 19 column on Cheerios")('2006030', 'Lauren Ashburn letter says Feb 26 Modern Love essay by Ann Hood made her cry')('2006030', 'Behind the Wheel column reviews Aston Martin V-8 Vantage; photos (M)')('2006030', 'Daniel C Dennett letter disputes Leon Wieseltier Feb 19 review of his book Breaking the Spell: Religion as a Natural Phenomenon; Wieseltier reply appended')('2006030', 'Laura Auerbach letter on February 26 article on reducing noise of leaf blowers')('2006030', "Defense Department Inspector General tells Army to open criminal inquiry into shooting death of Cpl Pat Tillman, former professional football player whose enlistment in Army and death in Afghanistan drew national attention; Tillman's death was attributed to accidental shooting by fellow Rangers; earlier investigations found series of errors made by them in heat of combat; Inspector General has not found evidence of criminal offense, but concluded Army investigation was not thorough enough; photo (L)")('2006030', 'United States Postal Service introduces its first-ever wedding-specific stamps packet; photos (M)')('2006030', 'French special forces marine dies from wounds after clash with insurgents believed to be linked to Taliban in southern Afghanistan; French kill two insurgents in firefight (M)')('2006030', 'Correct')('2006030', 'Book Review editors introduce debut of new science fiction column by Dave Itzkoff (S)')('2006030', "David Horowitz letter on Francis Fukuyama's Feb 19 article on US foreign policy in light of failure of neoconservative experiment in Iraq")('2006030', "Footlights column; Staton Rabin of Irvington, NY, comments on her young-adult novel Betsy and the Emperor, about Napoleon's friendship with 14-year-old girl during his exile on island of St Helena; filming of adult version of book is slated to begin in June, with Patrice Chereau directing and Al Pacino playing Napoleon (M)")('2006030', "Andrew Rice article on suburbs that have found ways to create affordable housing, not through expensive and unpopular public subsidies but by harnessing power of rising real-estate market; focuses on Montgomery County, Md, where zoning ordinance was changed in early 70's to require developers to set aside 15 percent of units for buyers or renters with low and moderate incomes and gave those developers right to build more homes on same amount of property; it has succeeded in creating roughly 11,000 affordably priced houses and apartments over its first 20 years; photos (L)")('2006030', 'Stephen Metcalf column on his fascination with Web logs chronicling home restorations undertaken by do-it-yourselfers; photo (L)')('2006030', "Debra West Cross Westchester column; brouhahas have developed in Hastings-on-Hudson over school issues; Pace University student Edward Henselder is arrested in Mount Pleasant and charged with forgery for allegedly creating hundreds of fake driver's licenses on his dorm computer and selling them for $25 each to fellow students who wanted to pass for 21 so they could buy alcoholic drinks; new computerized lunch-payment system in Katonah-Lewisboro school district allows parents to keep track of what their children eat in school; photo (M)")('2006030', 'Pres Bush recently won big victory on Medicaid, with law that gives states vast power to reconfigure benefits, charge premiums and raise co-payments for health care and prescription drugs; drawing (S)')('2006030', 'Malla Haridat provides workshops and classes in setting up and operating a business; photo (M)')('2006030', 'Profile of and interview with Suze Orman, 55, who has built fortune estimated at $25 million on doling out advice on personal finances; Orman explains why she does not follow her own advice and that only tiny portion of her wealth is held in stock; photo (M)')('2006030', "Analog Devices chairman Ray Stata letter disputes Gretchen Morgenson's February 19 column about executive compensation, particularly deferred compensation received by chief executive Jerald Fishman")('2006030', "Paramilitary leader Ramzan Kadyrov is appointed Chechnya's Prime Minister; is son of former Chechen president and separatist Akhmad Kadyrov, who turned Kremlin loyalist and was assassinated in 2004; Ramzan Kadyrov has made clear his allegiance to Russia and risen quickly; is variously described as Chechnya's most feared man, or most hated one; has been de facto leader of republic since 2004 (M)")('2006030', 'Profile of New York State Supreme Court Justice Albert Tomei, who is presiding over trial of Troy Hendrix and Kayson Pearson, charged with murder of Romona Moore; photo (M)')('2006030', 'Jon Gertner profile of Edward L Glaeser, Harvard economist who has become leading expert on cities and metropolitan areas: what makes some of them thrive and others suffer and what factors make some places expensive to live in and others cheap; he has studied impact of local zoning regulations in limiting supply of housing and driving up prices; regards cities as absence of physical space between people and business and says they allow people to share their company, culture and ideas; is nevertheless a defender of suburban sprawl; has also written controversial article arguing against rebuilding of New Orleans; photo (L)')('2006030', 'Op-Ed article by Hudson River Valley artisan agricultural spirits distiller Ralph Erenzo Op-Ed article supports bills sponsored by New York State Sen Bill Larkin and Assemblyman Kevin Cahill that would eliminate artificial distinction between alcohol in distilled spirits like brandy and alcohol in fermented products like wine; holds impact of amendment would greatly help small farmers in state besieged by foreign competition, government regulations and land developers by allowing them to become distillers (M)')('2006030', 'Wolfgang Tillmans discusses his love for Mennen Speed Stick deodorant; photos (M)')('2006030', "Paul Brown reviews books The Only Guide to a Winning Bond Strategy You'll Ever Need by Larry E Swedroe and Joseph H Hempen, Predicting the Markets of Tomorrow by James P O'Shaughnessy and Sex and the Single Zillionaire, novel by venture capitalist Tom Perkins (M)")('2006030', 'New York City has been compiling civil list, which contains names, salaries and agencies for most city employees, since enactment of Civil Service law in 1883; most people do not know list exists and some are shocked that information is public; graph shows those with highest salaries in 2005 list; graph (M)')('2006030', "Congress has failed to make Pres Bush's tax cuts permanent, but they are far from dead; Democrats know that many are broadly popular, and Congress has voted repeatedly to extend those on verge of expiring (S)")('2006030', 'Ruth Kitchen letter on February 26 editorial on relief from noisy leaf blowers')('2006030', 'Article on some of families in Westchester County, NY, who have started charitable organizations after their children faced life-threatening illnesses; family members of Jimmy Arena of Purdys, who died at age 6 of malignant brain tumor, Danny Potocki, 17, of Pelham, who at 4 contracted leukemia and Jacob Sontag, 10, of Harrison, who has Canavan disease, comment on foundations they have formed and money that has been raised for their own and other children; photos (M)')('2006030', 'Priya Sachdev and Vikram Chatwal are wed in New Delhi, India; photos (M) (Vows Column)')('2006030', 'Correction on Feb 26 article about Hollywood parties during Oscar week')('2006030', 'Robert Byrne Chess column on Young Masters tournament in Mexico; diagram (M)')('2006030', "Chapter 9 of Patricia Cornwell's novel At Risk; photo (L)")('2006030', 'Article on new trend in which medical doctors are investing in medical office properties; says one of biggest draws of medical buildings for investors is stable tenant base; holds building owners say doctors tend to have longer leases and renewal rates of 90 percent or higher; photo; graph; drawing (M)')('2006030', "Op-Ed article by Susan Cooke Kittredge, daughter of late British broadcaster Alistair Cooke, discusses how disturbed she has been after she learned that her father's body parts were stolen and sold to tissue-processing plants; notes that her father was ravaged by illness when he died at age 95; holds that more stringent oversight of tissue transplant industry would help restore confidence in organ and tissue donation programs; drawing (M)")('2006030', "Community With Walls in Princeton, NJ, is alternative to brick-and-mortar retirement community, with emotional bonds between members enabling them to stay at home while they age; geriatric experts call this 'aging in place' and say there are many models with same goal across the country; drawing (M)")('2006030', 'The Women of Lockerbie, play by North Bergen playwright Deborah Brevoort, will have its New Jersey premiere at New Jersey Repertory Company in Long Branch on March 25 (M)')('2006030', 'Boite Column discusses Nublu lounge in New York City; photo (M)')('2006030', 'Editorial contends that primitive practice of chaining female prisoners in childbirth should shame us all')('2006030', 'Jeffrey Best, Beverly Hills, Calif, restaurateur and event planner, and friends enjoy dinner out before staging after-Oscars party; photo (M)')('2006030', 'Liz Robbins Around The NBA column discusses Phoenix Suns general manager Bryan Colangelo, who moved to Toronto Raptors; photo (M)')('2006030', "Robert Sullivan article on forces that are driving up price of housing in Bushwick, Brooklyn, New York's next hot neighborhood; photos; map (L)")('2006030', "Alan Schwarz Keeping Score column discusses World Baseball Classic's pitching limits; photo (M)")('2006030', "Food and Drug Administration has not approved over-the-counter sales of Plan B, emergency 'morning after' contraceptive opposed by many abortion foes; Dr Susan F Wood, director of FDA's office of women's health, resigned in Aug 2005 because of what she said was politicization of Plan B decision (S)")('2006030', "Randy Cohen Ethicist column comments on three real estate questions: whether seller must inform prospective buyer that nearby development will block the apartment's river view, whether you may buy a multiple-family house from owner who has oral agreement he no longer wishes to keep to offer house first to a friend of yours and how far renters of house should go to keep it attractive to prospective buyers (M)")('2006030', "Article on plans by Robert F X Sillerman, billionaire media entrepreneur who paid more than $100 million in 2005 for conrol of Elvis Presley's name and likeness, to overhaul Graceland in Memphis, Tenn; Sillerman plans to demolish 128-room Heartbreak Hotel and visitors center; Sillerman's plans for property detailed; graph (L)")('2006030', 'The Pioneer and The Falls, Manhattan bars where Imette St Guillen spent her last hours, become focus of curious and unaware; police continue to canvas area in search of clues to her murder; photo (M)')('2006030', 'Correction of February 19 Op-Ed article about no-fault divorce; courts in New York and at least two other states can order that child support be paid until child reaches 21 (S)')('2006030', "United States Central Command head Gen John P Abizaid meets in Baghdad with Iraqi Pres Jalal Talabani and Prime Min Ibrahim al-Jaafari to press American demands for quick resolution of dispute over post of prime minister in new government; dispute centers on Jaafari's nomination to continue in post against wishes of Kurdish, Sunni Arab and secular groups; Abizaid also urges strong action to curb political militias responsible for much of sectarian violence; photo (M)")('2006030', 'Keith Charles Edwards letter contends that high schools should not be allowed to use religion as way of avoiding accreditation, in effort to place student-athletes in big-market colleges (S)')('2006030', 'Correction of February 26 article about Monroe College basketball teams')('2006030', 'Richard Siklos column on news and entertainment media companies, particularly Viacom, News Corp and CBS, that are offering new wireless services and new ways of distributing existing products over cellphones; question remains over whether US mobile market will embrace new products way that other nations have; drawing (M)')('2006030', 'Interview with golfer Sergio Garcia; photo (M)')('2006030', "Walter Kirn column on how Americans' feelings about their homes have been affected by fact that a house or apartment is now frequently owner's chief economic asset, with potential to grow and decline in value, and a mortgage is complicated financial instrument at mercy of interest rate fluctuations; photo (L)")('2006030', 'Weekly roundup of stock market and securities activities; graph (M)')('2006030', 'Interviews with many leading nuclear analysts and review of technological assessments show that Iran continues to wrestle with serious problems that have slowed its nuclear ambitions for two decades; most significant obstacle remains converting uranium ore into enriched atomic fuel; estimates of when Iran might acquire nuclear weapon range from few months to 15 years, but secret advances or blackmarket purchases could produce surprise; photos; maps; diagram (L)')('2006030', 'Dr Harold Carmel letter responds to Adam Phillips Feb 26 Op-Ed article criticizing emphasis on measurable factors in psychotherapy')('2006030', "Proposal to rename block of Monroe Street on Chicago's West Side Chairman Fred Hampton Way after Black Panther slain in shootout with police on Dec 4, 1969, has stirred furious debate; police are disturbed at idea of honoring man who declared himself to be at war with them, but supporters see street sign as fitting tribute to Hampton's leadership, courage and sacrifice; photo (M)")('2006030', "Pres Bush in Pakistan shows strong support for Pres Pervez Musharraf's efforts in combating militants but makes clear that Pakistan should not expect civilian nuclear agreement like that with India; says bluntly that two rivals cannot be compared to each other; critics of Bush's nuclear agreement with India say it will only encourage other nations to demand similar arrangements; photo (L)")('2006030', "Part 24 of Chris Ware's comic strip Building Stories")('2006030', "US men's national basketball team prepares to announce final roster for 2008 Olympics (S)")('2006030', 'WHER4')('2006030', 'New Jersey Devils defeat New York Rangers, 2-1; photo (M)')('2006030', 'Michael Sokolove article deplores mansionization of his street in Bethesda, Md, where ancient but healthy tree is being torn down to make way for house that is being doubled in size (M)')('2006030', "Several 'integrated ranch developments' in West have home sites priced at a million dollars and upwards that offer rewards of living on a working ranch without having to do any more work than homeowner desires; drawing (M)")('2006030', "Lawsuit against Craigslist.org filed by Chicago fair-housing group accuses online forum of publishing discriminatory advertisements; court decisions so far have almost universally rejected claims against online companies that publish others' speech; fair-housing advocates argue that such immunity is too broad (M)")('2006030', 'Nicholas D Kristof Op-Ed column contends that global warming could be accelerating because of three scariest words in climate science: positive feedback loops, which amplify change and leave our climate unstable and vulnerable to human folly (M)')('2006030', 'Jack Landesberg letter contends that student-athlete')('2006030', 'Introduction to The Real Estate Issue New York Times Magazine')('2006030', 'Roundup of weekly stock market activity; graphs (M)')('2006030', 'Manhattan experiences boom in sales of apartments by two-income suburban couples who want to keep foothold in city; photos (M)')('2006030', "Lawrence Appell letter on Francis Fukuyama's Feb 19 article on US foreign policy in light of failure of neoconservative experiment in Iraq")('2006030', 'Marek Fuchs County Lines column on new effort by Westchester County to put master list of dangerous dogs online and problems it is facing from town and village clerks as well as public; drawing (M)')('2006030', "George William Kavanagh letter says Ann Hood's Feb 26 Modern Love essay brought tears to his eyes")('2006030', "Editorial contends that Iran will be able to look back at Bush years as golden era full of boosts from US; holds that there is now real risk that Iraq, instead of being turned into outpost of secular democracy, could become Iranian-aligned fundamentalist theocracy; maintains that Pres Bush's nuclear deal with India has undermined attempts to rein in Iran's nuclear program")('2006030', "Pres Bush leaves South Asia having declared India and Pakistan strategic partners of United States, but leaves India as big winner with nuclear deal and elevation as global leader; Pakistan is left with little more than affirmation of its standing as vital ally in war on terror; Pakistan is disappointed that Bush did not push harder for deal on disputed province of Kashmir; Bush's message of crusading for democracy meets lukewarm response in India; photo (M)")('2006030', "Editorial calls on New York State Senate and Gov George Pataki to support bill proposed by New York Assemblyman Sam Hoyt that would require governor's office to protect and produce historically important records and documents relating to Pataki's years in office in line with standards of National Archives")('2006030', 'Op-Ed article by Hudson River Valley artisan agricultural spirits distiller Ralph Erenzo Op-Ed article supports bills sponsored by New York State Sen Bill Larkin and Assemblyman Kevin Cahill that would eliminate artificial distinction between alcohol in distilled spirits like brandy and alcohol in fermented products like wine; holds impact of amendment would greatly help small farmers in state besieged by foreign competition, government regulations and land developers by allowing them to become distillers (M)')('2006030', "Marc A Binavince letter on Francis Fukuyama's Feb 19 article on US foreign policy in light of failure of neoconservative experiment in Iraq")('2006030', 'Philadelphia Flyers players Simon Gagne and Keith Primeau are out with injuries; photos (M)')('2006030', 'Hartley Hebbard is killed when truck crosses double line and collides with his car in Brooklyn (M)')('2006030', 'Deborah Solomon interview with Bruce Katz, housing expert at Brookings Institution, who talks about decline of older suburbs, merits of long commute times and threat of exurbs to democracy and cultural identity; photo (M)')('2006030', 'Scientists hold conference in Salt Lake City on human-robot interaction; drawing (M)')('2006030', 'Director Martin Scorsese and producer Edward Pressman, among luminaries attending benefit at Brooklyn Academy of Music, comment on Oscar predictions; photo (S)')('2006030', "Piggybacking, or usually unauthorized tapping into someone else's wireless Internet connection, is increasingly problem for people who live in densely populated urban areas and is causing new sets of Internet behaviors to develop; many who piggyback say practice does not feel like theft; many home network owners are oblivious to piggybackers; open wireless networks invite savvy users to gain access to files; photo; map (L)")('2006030', 'Julie Powell article on Nigel Slater, British food columnist, cookbook writer and cooking show host, whose taste in food is odd mixture of upper-crust aspiration and lowbrow pleasures; recipes; his latest book is The Kitchen Diaries; photo (M)')('2006030', "Norman Miller letter on Ben Stein's February 26 column about oil company profits")('2006030', 'Jack Hauser letter contends ti')('2006030', "Susan Dominus article on Tim Blixseth's plans for vacation time-share program for the very richest; he envisions club called Yellowstone Club World that will provide housing and staff at nine luxury resorts around the world for several hundred members, who would pay initiation fees ranging up to $10 million; photos (M)")('2006030', "Recent survey by Gallup International Association of 50,000 people across world found that Africans are most optimistic people; Gallup International sec gen Meril James says that Africa's optimism might reflect reality so grim that nothing could really be worse; photos (M)")('2006030', "St Peter's College men's basketball team defeat Siena College, 63-62, in quarterfinals of Metro Atlantic Athletic Conference tournament; photo (M)")('2006030', "Melissa Macauley letter on Francis Fukuyama's Feb 19 article on US foreign policy in light of failure of neoconservative experiment in Iraq")('2006030', 'Helen Gurley Brown letter comments on Toni Bentley Feb 5 review of Gail Sheehy book Sex and the Seasoned WomanM')('2006030', 'David Sanger article holds that when Pres Bush signed nuclear pact with India, he took step in his efforts to rewrite rules that for over 30 years have forbidden providing nuclear technology to countries that do not sign Nuclear Nonproliferation Treaty; photo (M)')('2006030', "Asa Berger letter comments on William Safire's Feb 19 column on Mick Jagger's grammar")('2006030', 'Prefabricated houses are now available in modernist designs; drawing (M)')('2006030', "Susan Gutterman letter on Ellen Pall's February 19 New York Observed column on death of homeless man Sam Averiett")('2006030', "Liora R Halperin letter holds that David Brooks's academic to-do list includes good bit of advice for college-bound (March 2 column)")('2006030', "Marguerite W Davol letter comments on Rob Walker's Feb 19 column on Cheerios")('2006030', 'Footlights column; East End Video Project will present awards on March 18 at Guild Hall in East Hampton; overall winning entry will be screened at Hamptons International Film Festival in October (S)')('2006030', "William Safire column on tautological phrases and sentences like 'It is what it is' (M)")('2006030', "Jack Kadden Commuter's Journal column on ride aboard Tri-Rail commuter railroad, which runs 72 miles between West Palm Beach and Miami, Fla; compares Tri-Rail with his own daily commute on Metro-North; photo (M)")('2006030', "Garvin School of International Management Associate Prof Thomas Selling letter on Gretchen Morgenson's Feburary 19 column about executive compensation")('2006030', 'WHERE QUIZES ARE STOP')('2006030', 'Dr Carl Foster, president of American College of Sports Medicine, says it is possible for 50-year-old athlete to play professional sports; photos (M)')('2006030', 'Correction of Feb 19 article on Jordanian jihadis')('2006030', "General Motors' outspoken vice chairman Robert Lutz acknowledges he was too outspoken when he said new GM director Jerome York had withdrawn his call to get rid of Saab and Hummer brands; says York has gone from negative to neutral (S)")('2006030', 'Letter from Craig R Whitney, New York Times assistant managing editor, responds to Feb 26 Public Editor column; holds that discounts offered to Times staffers by 88 companies are not violation of journalistic ethics')('2006030', "Edmund R Hanauer letter on Francis Fukuyama's Feb 19 article on US foreign policy in light of failure of neoconservative experiment in Iraq")('2006030', 'Street Fight, documentary about on 2002 Newark, NJ, mayoral race, stirs anger and praise in city; some residents resent film for showing city in unflattering light and others hope for change because of spotlight; photos (M)')('2006030', "Jenna Glasser letter on Ellen Pall's February 19 New York Observed column about death of homeless man, Sam Averiett")('2006030', 'New Jersey Nets defeat Toronto Raptors, 105-100, in overtime; photo (M)')('2006030', "Editorial calls on New York State Senate and Gov George Pataki to support bill proposed by New York Assemblyman Sam Hoyt that would require governor's office to protect and produce historically important records and documents relating to Pataki's years in office in line with standards of National Archives")('2006030', 'Tony and Sally Grassi take ecologically responsible construction a step further in building their house in midcoast Maine, minimizing use of PVC, formaldehyde, copper and other chemicals and materials that can harm environment in their manufacture, use and disposal; drawing (M)')('2006030', 'Alcan chief executive Travis Engen The Boss column on his plans for retirement, passion for vintage race car driving and involvement in environmental and social issues; photo (M)')('2006030', 'Jeff Gewert letter contends that NCAAd')('2006030', "Dowling College earth and marine sciences department chairman John Tanacredi letter opposes R Lawrence Swanson and David Conover's February 12 Op-Ed article calling for zoning the ocean")('2006030', "Producer Peter Guber Op-Ed article notes that Bob Yari, one of six people listed as producer in opening credits of film Crash, is suing Producers Guild of America and Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences because he was denied producer credit for Oscar purposes; cites Yari's contention that he was driving force behind Crash, which is up for six Oscars; maintains that work of producer is little understood and appreciated, and Yari's plea is worth hearing (M)")('2006030', 'Cincinnati Reds defeat New York Yankees, 4-1, in spring training exhibition game (S)')('2006030', 'Sidney Bernstein letter holds that education David Brooks describes can still be obtained at Columbia University, where core curriculum was first developed (March 2 column)')('2006030', "Dark Sky Society founder Susan Harder letter on February 26 article contends there is nothing 'historic' about Fire Island Lighthouse's current beacon")('2006030', 'Mike Meyer essay on author Pearl Buck; more than 30 years after her death and 75 years since publication of her book The Good Earth, saga of farming family in pre-Communist China, Buck remains stranded between two worlds; in China she is admired but not read and in America she is read but not admired; photo (M)')('2006030', "Jack Kadden Commuter's Journal column on ride aboard Tri-Rail commuter railroad, which runs 72 miles between West Palm Beach and Miami, Fla; compares Tri-Rail with his own daily commute on Metro-North; photo (M)")('2006030', "Consumer Electronics Assn reports some 98 pecent of households have TV set, 75 percent have color TV with stereo and 23 percent have projection TV's; reports percentage of households with DVD players jumped to 82 percent from 35 percent three years ago; graph (S)")('2006030', 'Paul Lim column offers cautions about investing in shorter-term Treasury bonds, which currently have higher yield that long-term ones; graph (M)')('2006030', "Lawrence Sapadin letter on February 19 editorial on New York's search for computerized voting machines")('2006030', 'Environmental Protection Agency recently proposed air pollution standards that were not as strong as many environmental groups had wanted; groups have accused Bush administration of ignoring latest science and caving in to industry groups; drawing (S)')('2006030', 'Walt Gardner letter contends that more government oversight is needed to regulate high school curricula (S)')('2006030', 'Murray Chass On Baseball column discusses Texas Rangers, who look to veteran pitchers to help train younger arms; photos (M)')('2006030', 'Vincent M Mallozzi Cheering Section discusses New Jersey Transit conductor Sean Jennings, who is rabid New York Mets fan; photo (M)')('2006030', "Adventurous auto designs are highlight of Salon International de l'Automobile in Geneva; photos (M)")('2006030', "Bush administration's eagerness to clear path for energy development, reinforced by new energy act, has given land management bureau single-minded focus; its major new initiative is pilot program to draft bureaucrats from other agencies to process permits faster (S)")('2006030', 'Welcome to')('2006030', 'Denis Donoghue reviews book Mick: The Real Michael Collins by Peter Hart; photos (M)')('2006030', 'ABC program Sons & Daughters is quirky new comedy created by Fred Goss and Nick Holly; performances and dialogue are largely improvised by actors; photo (M)')('2006030', 'Daniel Akst On the Contrary column offers reasons why Securities and Exchange Commission plan to make corporations more fully disclose executive pay and rise in number of companies that are imposing performance targets on stock and options they grant chief executive officers will do little to stop executive greed (M)')('2006030', 'New York Mets defeat Washington Nationals, 5-4, in spring training game; photo (M)m')('2006030', 'Correction of February 19 Op-Ed article about no-fault divorce; courts in New York and at least two other states can order that child support be paid until child reaches 21 (S)')('2006030', 'Proxy statements show that United Technologies board gave chairman and chief executive George David additional one million stock options, valued at almost $13 million, in addition to his salary, bonus, perquisites and stock options in 2005 (S)')('2006030', 'Liesl Schillinger reviews books Queen of the Underworld by Gail God')('2006030', "Editorial opposes attempt by some airlines to weaken Transportation Dept's advertising rules so that they no longer have to quote full fare for trip and can play down certain costs")('2006030', "Chart discusses men's basketball conference results; chart; photo (S)")('2006030', 'Navy accessories and clothes in supersoft knits, patent leathers and everything else in between are crowding store shelves and racks; photos (M)')('2006030', 'Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam in Sri lanka accuse army of killing two of their fighters in early morning ambush despite ceasefire arranged on Feb 23; government denies any military involvement in killings (S)')('2006030', 'Accountant Greg Fenton, 20 percent of whose clients are artists, says artists are great clients because they are creative, right-brained people who tend to be turned off by mundane left-brain activities, such as finances (S)')('2006030', 'Puerto Rico Senate pres Kenneth D McClintock letter disputes Jeane J Kirkpatrick and Kenneth L Adelman Feb 26 Op-Ed article; holds that commonwealth long ago ceased to be preference of people')('2006030', "New York Yankees minor league pitching coach Gil Patterson is still adjusting to having 7-year-old son with Tourette's syndrome; photos (M)")('2006030', 'Lisa Belkin article on retirement communities that are attached to university campuses and allow residents to pursue lifelong learning; notes that there are more than 50 of such communities across the country, most of them requiring that applicants be alumni or have some other link to school; drawing (M)')('2006030', "Cathy Glasson letter on February 26 article about traffic woes in New York City's Chinatown")('2006030', 'Gary Rivlin article on Patrick Quinn, New Orleans native and hotelier who is seizing on opportunity created by Hurricane Katrina to acquire all kinds of residential and commercial properties in city; he acknowledges fine line between an entrepreneur and vulture or scalawag; photos (L)')('2006030', "Ritz-Carlton president and chief operating officer Simon Cooper plays host at event for travel agents at Institute of Culinary Education in New York; helps to prepare elaborate three-course dinner under tutelage of institute's instructors; photo (S)")('2006030', 'Frederick Lazare letter questions ethics of some col')('2006030', 'On the Street photos of women in New York City wearing leopard print coats and boots')('2006030', "Gil Sanborn letter holds that David Brooks's brilliant guide to incoming college freshmen is must-read for everyone (March 2 column)")('2006030', "Bradley University men's basketball team defeats Wichita State University, 60-52, in Missouri Valley Conference tournament semifinals (M)")('2006030', 'NFL owners and players union negotiations break off before new labor agreement is reached, despite approach of free agency (M)')('2006030', "Friends and relatives recall Imette St Guillen at funeral in Boston; St Guillen's body was found in Brooklyn on Feb 25; search for suspect continues (M)")('2006030', 'Article on P1 International, unusual club that offers members array of luxury and exotic high-performance cars, such as Lamborghinis, Aston Martins and Ferraris for rent; club was begun in 2000 by Damon Hill, winner of 1996 Formula One World Championship, and business partner, in Surrey Eng; members pay about $4,400 to join and additional fee of up to $24,100 to drive variety of cars 6,000 miles within two years; photo (M)')('2006030', "Stephen J Dubner and Steven D Levitt column says real estate agents have not profited as much as one would think from rise of housing prices in recent years, mainly because a boom lures a lot more people into the business, cutting down on number of sales each agent can make even as commission earned on each sale rises; says Internet and other forces are also exerting pressure that will drive down agents' commissions and even drive them out of business (L)")('2006030', "Some multimillion-dollar houses languish on market for years as result of seller's narcissism: their price reflecting customized features that are clearly prized by sellers and by very few prospective buyers; photos of four such white elepants (M)")('2006030', 'Profile of Arianne Phillips, costume designer nominated for Oscar for her work on movie Walk the Line; photos (M)')('2006030', "Adam Cohen, in Editorial Observer column, holds that Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences voters have consistent record of handing out Oscars to blandly inspirational movies that sell lot of tickets; contends that this year's lineup is unusual, and it could be modest sign that nation's political mood is shifting (M)")('2006030', 'AT&T Corp is expected to announce acquisition of BellSouth Corp soon; deal values BellSouth at about $65 billion; combined company would have more than $125 billion in sales and represent huge step toward recreating AT&T monopoly, which was broken up in 1984; any deal would have to be approved by regulators (M)')('2006030', 'Elsa Dixler Fiction Chronicle article on books Adrian Mole and the Weapons of Mass Destruction by Sue Townsend, Mademoiselle Benoir by Christine Conrad, The Royal Ghosts: Stories by Samrat Upadhyay, A Wall of Light by Edeet Ravel and Children of the New World: A Novel of the Algerian War by Assia Djebar; photos from book The World Must Know: The History of the Holocaust as Told by the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum by Michael Berenbaum (M)')('2006030', 'Guy Trebay Fashion Diary discusses trend by designers at fashion shows in Paris toward conservative clothes, reflecting unconscious group effort to reassure buying public that French fashion is stable after riots and violence of last year; photos (M)')('2006030', 'Elizabeth Hilts letter says she is in awe of Ann Hood for her Feb 26 Modern Love essay')('2006030', 'Tiger Woods takes third-round lead at Ford Championship; photos (M)')('2006030', 'Makeup artists and hairstylists who prepare actresses for red carpet at Oscars are fanning out among hotel suites and homes in Los Angeles, offering their services for fees of $3,500 to $7,500 for 20 minutes to an hour of hands-on work; photos (M)')('2006030', 'Jack Hughes letter holds that Iraq situation has degenerated to brink of civil war, and explanation of why that has occurred was written in sand of that forlorn nation from start of our wrongheaded intervention in 2003')('2006030', 'Pres Bush has sought money for tuition vouchers in his last two budgets for Education Dept, signaling that next year, when Congress turns to rewriting No Child Left Behind law, vouchers will once again be on table (S)')('2006030', "St John's University women's basketball team prepares to face West Virginia University in Big East tournament; photo (M)")('2006030', "More is better, at least when it comes to body armor. That's the opinion you'll read in most mainstream media outlets. No doubt you'll find tales that our body armor is in short supply, and that the meager amount of gear we do possess is ineffective. Well, in bitter opposition to the classic male mantra [...]")('2006030', 'For this deployment to Iraq, I was called and asked by the Army to volunteer for a tour of duty. I had not been in a unit for years. The Inactive Ready Reserve (I.R.R.) is where I was administratively assigned. I.R.R. soldiers are the "break glass in case of war" people needed to round out [...]')('2006030', 'An industry association that represents many upstart phone companies wasted little time in blasting AT&T‘s proposed $67 billion acquisition of BellSouth. The president of Comptel, many of whose members compete with incumbent carriers like AT&T, said in a statement provided to DealBook that “there are no benefits in this merger for consumers or the U.S. […]')('2006030', 'Readers respond to Paul Krugman\'s Mar. 6 column, "Feeling No Pain" Swapan Sanjanwala, Cincinnati, Ohio: I am an Indian and your great admirer. Everything you say on outsourcing is correct. But you statement on nuclear proliferation is incorrect. There are facts on nuclear proliferation that rarely get highlighted in the American media or by the [...]')('2006030', 'As NBC Universal unveils its $600 million deal for women’s Internet network iVillage, venture capitalist Paul Kedrosky crunches the numbers. His conclusion: “This is an unqualified good deal for NBC,” he writes, comparing the price tag to last year’s $580 million purchase of MySpace by News Corporation. [General Electric‘s] NBC unit isn’t paying anything like […]')('2006030', 'Alan Patricof, the co-founder of the private equity firm Apax Partners and an original investor in Apple Computer and America Online, plans to announce today that he will leave Apax to start a venture capital fund for emerging wireless, media and entertainment companies. Mr. Patricof, 71, said yesterday in an interview that he would remain […]')('2006030', 'Correction appended. I cannot understand why anyone watches the Academy Awards. TV seems like a strange place these days even to get entertained, trapped as it is between nonsensical punditry (never have so many talked so much about so little) and imbecilic sleaze (cable gives us porn without penetration or money shots, which is porn [...]')('2006030', 'The department store chain Kohl’s said Monday that it would sell its private-label credit card accounts to J.P. Morgan Chase for about $1.5 billion and put the proceeds toward a $2 billion share buyback program. The total purchase price on the credit-card deal will be equal to the size of the receivables on the transaction’s […]')('2006030', 'Continuing to shed noncore assets, EnCana struck an agreement with a private-equity-backed energy fund to sell its gas storage business for about $1.5 billion. The Canadian natural gas producer said Monday that an energy fund managed by Riverstone Holdings and the Carlyle Group has agreed to acquire assets including five facilities in Alberta, California and […]')('2006030', 'The other Times followed around a rich young couple as they went house hunting. Yuki Oshima-Wilpon and Bruce Wilpon, according to the article, "recently left New York for London because they want to establish themselves out of the shadow of their parents." The writer tags along: The golden couple are trying to raise their profile [...]')('2006030', 'The authors of bestseller "Freakonomics" are looking for discount brokers to help them with some new research. Now we\'ve got a new paper idea on real estate, but we need some help from real-estate agents/brokers-especially ones that either themselves provide a flat-fee service for clients wanting to list a house on MLS, or know a [...]')('2006030', 'L.A. Times Hot Property: Patrick Dempsey, "Grey\'s Anatomy" hearthrob, sells $2.5 million home; Doris Day\'s home selling for $5.25 million; Nick Lachey closed escrow last week on the $5 million Bel-Air honeymoon home of singer-songwriter Seal and his wife, supermodel Heidi Klum. W.S.J.\'s Private Properties: Donald Trump has trouble getting $125 million Palm Beach property [...]')('2006030', 'The Brooklyn house that Celine and Garry Cheddy bought comes with the ultimate city luxury - a driveway and a garage. How much does a parking place add to the value of a house? $20,000 was a guess from the listing broker, Mary Kay Gallagher, who claimed that nobody has ever asked her that before. [...]')('2006030', 'Several readers have asked how I decide whether, and when, to re-review restaurants that were given star ratings years ago. Some of these same readers have asked how durable star ratings can really be.')('2006030', 'General Motors plans to sell most of its stake in Japan’s Suzuki Motor for $2 billion, a move that will raise much-needed cash for the auto maker as it struggles with massive losses and a declining market share in the United States. The two companies will continue their partnership, which dates back to 1981. But […]')('2006030', 'In what may be the start of a string of office real-estate deals, private equity firm Blackstone Group has agreed to buy CarrAmerica Realty for $5.6 billion. CarrAmerica, a real estate investment trust that develops and runs office properties, said Monday that its board of directors has approved the transaction and recommended that shareholders vote […]')('2006030', 'Linde, Germany’s biggest maker of industrial gases, has agreed to buy BOC Group of Britain for 8 billion pounds ($14 billion) to become world leader in the market for gases used in factories, refineries and hospitals. Linde, based in Wiesbaden, Germany, will pay 1,600 pence a share in cash for BOC, which will recommend the […]')('2006030', 'BT Group, the United Kingdom’s largest telecommunications company, on Sunday dismissed a report that it may be the subject of a 25 billion pound ($43.9 billion) bid by private equity firms, saying it hasn’t received any offers. Go to Article from Bloomberg News »')('2006030', 'Morgan Stanley Chief Executive Officer John Mack, who has fired 1,000 brokers and two dozen senior bankers since taking over in June, plans to cut more than $600 million in costs during the next two years. Go to Article from Bloomberg News »')('2006030', 'Investors pushed shares of AT&T down 3.5 percent on Monday following the announcement of its $67 billion deal to acquire BellSouth. Shares of BellSouth rose nearly 10 percent. The merger would create a company with 71 million local phone customers and unite the two owners of joint venture Cingular Wireless. Some analysts said the deal […]')('2006030', 'Readers respond to David Brooks\'s Mar. 5 column, "It\'s Not Isolationism, but It\'s Not Attractive": Bruce Rudy, Amsterdam: I believe that your views are askew. Viewpoints are too often determined by the most extreme elements of a society. And I believe the premise that one must seek to analyze is not whether Americans are going [...]')('2006030', 'Joe Perella, Morgan Stanley‘s former top M&A banker who is famously starting his own boutique along with colleague Terry Meguid, is nearing completion of his $1 billion fundraising goal for the fledgling firm, Investment Dealers’ Digest said. For a start-up boutique to raise $1 billion in only about six months is impressive, especially for a […]')('2006030', "In this lesson, students will critically examine six of the key issues in President Bush's domestic agenda. Upon further exploration, students will create a report card for President Bush and his administration on each of the selected topics.")('2006030', 'In his annual letter to Berkshire Hathaway shareholders, Warren Buffett had harsh words for overpaid chief executives, and again sounded a warning about the risks of derivatives. “Too often,” Mr. Buffett wrote, “executive compensation is ridiculously out of line with performance. That won’t change, moreover, because the deck is stacked against investors when it comes […]')('2006030', 'After nearly five years of feuding, how did Research in Motion and NTP go from a stalemate to a settlement in just seven days? According a story in The Globe and Mail, ending the bitter patent dispute over the BlackBerry e-mail device took “a compromising RIM lawyer, hours of tough negotiations and some very bad […]')('2006030', 'It’s too early to tell whether AT&T and BellSouth will hit any regulatory snags in their proposed $67 billion merger. Given the roster of high-powered antitrust lawyers they’re bringing into the deal, though, it’s clear they aren’t taking any chances. AT&T has turned to Washington, D.C.-based Arnold & Porter for antitrust advice. That’s the same […]')('2006030', 'The Education Management Corporation, the nation’s second-largest commercial school and education company, is planning to announce today that it has agreed to be sold to Providence Equity Partners and the private equity arm of Goldman Sachs for $3.4 billion in cash, according to executives involved in the deal. The transaction is the largest buyout in […]')('2006030', 'The Industrial and Commercial Bank of China is looking to hire Merrill Lynch , Credit Suisse, China International Capital and its own investment banking arm, ICEA, to arrange its $10 billion initial public offering, The South China Morning Post reported. Go to Article from CRI »')('2006030', 'HSBC Holdings Plc, Europe’s biggest bank by market value, reported a 17 percent increase in 2005 profit, helped by consumer lending outside Britain. Net income rose to $15.08 billion from $12.92 billion a year earlier, the London-based lender said today in a Regulatory News Service statement. That beat the $14.51 billion median estimate of 11 […]')('2006030', 'Harvey Weinstein, the former co-founder of Miramax Films, is set to reach a deal to make movies for MGM Studios, BusinessWeek reported. The deal, which could be announced as early as Wednesday according to the report, will raise eyebrows in Hollywood on two separate scores. First, it will mean a new, high-profile home for Harvey […]')('2006030', 'General Motors Corp.’s board may review a bid for a majority of its finance unit today as the automaker seeks preliminary agreement on a sale this month, Bloomberg reported. The leading offer for 51 percent of General Motors Acceptance Corp. comes from a group led by buyout firm Cerberus Capital Management LP. Go to Article […]')('2006030', 'Talks over a bid by United States private equity firm Carlyle Group for British telecommunications company Kingston Communications have stalled because of a disagreement over the price, Reuters reported. There has been little progress since November as the two sides have failed to agree a price for Kingston and Carlyle has not been given access […]')('2006030', 'Russia’s top grain processor, Razgulay, is raising $144 million in an initial public offering as it becomes the country’s first large agro-industrial firm to list, the company said on Monday. Razgulay, also Russia’s top rice producer and third-largest sugar firm, said it would place shares at $4.80 each in Moscow, at the upper end of […]')('2006030', 'Investors are already jockeying for a share of the $650 million that they expect H.I.G. Capital to raise for its next buyout fund, even though the Miami-based firm isn’t expected to hit the road until April. Predictions are that H.I.G. Capital Partners IV LP will attract far more investor capital than it can accomodate, as […]')('2006030', 'Private equity firm Apax Partners has acquired a large minority stake in The Learning Annex, known for its self-help seminars that feature speakers such as Donald Trump and Anthony Robbins, The New York Post said. Go to Article from The New York Post »')('2006030', 'Hedge fund ValueAct Capital, which owns 9 percent of Chiron‘s shares, plans to vote against the company’s acquisition by Novartis. Emeryville, Calif.-based Chiron’s shareholders are scheduled to vote in a special April 12 meeting on the transaction, which several hedge funds that hold shares have said undervalues Chiron. Go to Article from The San Francisco […]')('2006030', 'Two groups of private investment firms that have been weighing takeover offers for newspaper chain Knight Ridder appear to be fading as serious contenders for the San Jose, Calif.-based company. A group made up of Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co., Blackstone Group and Providence Equity Partners and a second composed of Bain Capital, Hellman & […]')('2006030', 'Toll Holdings, Australia’s biggest freight company, offered to buy the logistics unit of Singapore’s SembCorp Industries for S$1.4 billion ($863 million) to expand in Asia. Toll agreed to buy SembCorp Industries’ 60 percent stake in SembCorp Logistics and will pay as much as S$1.80 a share cash for the rest, Melbourne-based Toll said in a […]')('2006030', 'Readers respond to Paul Krugman\'s Mar. 3 column, "George the Unready" Libby Willis, Fort Worth, Tex.: At last, those of us who had to live with George Bush as the governor of Texas for six years are beginning to feel vindicated as he starts the sixth year of his presidency. In my estimation as a [...]')('2006030', 'Do federal prosecutors in the Enron trial need the headache of calling Andrew S. Fastow, the Enron figure some view as the government’s star witness? A steady drumbeat of damaging testimony in the five-week-old criminal trial against the former chief executives, Jeffrey K. Skilling and Kenneth L. Lay, has led legal experts to praise the […]')('2006030', 'The New York Stock Exchange, on the brink of becoming a publicly traded company, is ready to use its new stock to snap up other exchanges in a race for market domination. On Tuesday, the NYSE’s merger with electronic rival Archipelago Holdings becomes final, and an upcoming stock offering will net the new company, now […]')('2006030', 'Renewed investor hunger for uranium stocks has resulted in an $18 million share offer for junior explorer Toro Energy to close early and heavily oversubscribed. The company closed its initial public offer four days early after receiving applications for more than $52.5 million worth of stock, making the offer more than 190 percent oversubscribed. Go […]')('2006030', 'BAA is on alert as speculation swirled in Madrid that a Spanish-led consortium could launch a 10 billion pound assault in the next week. The consortium is being spearheaded by Spanish construction giant Ferrovial, chaired by Spanish multi-millionaire Rafael de Pino. He is believed to be on the verge of receiving financial backing from Santander, […]')('2006030', 'European Union regulators say France may have broken European law by engineering a merger between utilities Gaz de France SA and Suez that prevented a rival bid from Enel of Italy. The European Commission ordered France to defend its handling of the merger by March 17, saying documents filed by Enel raise questions about how […]')('2006030', 'As conglomerates like Tyco International and Cendant prepare to jettison chunks of their business, the cover article in Barron’s points out that shares of corporate spinoffs have a habit of beating the market. The reason? It may be that they get greater focus from management once on their own, or it could be that investors […]')('2006030', 'Today, we have some very exciting news of our own to announce. We have started DealBook on the Web, a continuously updated service with news exclusives, up to the minute analysis and, of course, smart summaries of the best, most important and relevant news from around the Web. The site is available to readers for […]')('2006030', 'Kenneth Langone has scored a big win against Wall Street regulators nearly three years after his investment bank was accused of operating a pay-to-play scheme for hot IPOs. The National Association of Securities Dealers has said that its enforcement unit failed to prove that Mr. Langone’s firm, Invemed Associates, created “profit-sharing” arrangements with clients that […]')('2006030', 'Perhaps no one has the right to be more disappointed that Dubai is buying the storied British container port operator Peninsular & Oriental Steam Navigation than the company it outbid, PSA International of Singapore. Yet PSA, whose single shareholder is the Singapore government’s $63 billion investment agency, chose to walk away after DP World topped […]')('2006030', 'United States has opened talks to acquire AK Steel in a deal aimed at forging a stronger market presence in the rapidly contracting global steel industry, The Pittsburgh Post-Gazette reported on Friday. Shares of AK Steel surged 23 percent that day. U.S. Steel approached the board of AK Steel — long regarded as a takeover […]')('2006030', 'Thus, the Glasgow-based telecommunications company, may start a takeover bid for Cable & Wireless, according to bankers in London. The company is understood to be looking at two options: first, a takeover of C&W’s British business, valued at next to nothing by analysts. A second option would see Thus take over all of C&W, which […]')('2006030', 'When Robert A. Iger takes the stage at the Walt Disney Company’s annual meeting in Anaheim, Calif., this Friday, things will be calmer than they have been for some time. But Mr. Iger, Disney’s new chief executive, still has plenty of big issues to grapple with: figuring out the role of Steven P. Jobs in […]')('2006030', 'President Bush\'s foreign policy has another high-profile defector: Natan Sharansky. Last year Bush described Sharansky\'s "The Case for Democracy" as the book that "summarizes how I feel" about foreign policy, despite the fact that in the book Sharansky opposes using elections as the "true test of democracy" and argues that holding elections too quickly can [...]')('2006030', 'Bank of America proposed Ritz-Carlton Hotel may showcase the emerging wealth of Charlotte, N.C., but it’s also causing some influential real estate pros to see red. The National Association of Realtors thinks a federal regulators’ approval of the project opens the door for further bank involvement in real estate development. Go to Article from The […]')('2006030', 'Biovail has rejected allegations that private investigators working for its New York law firm intimidated employees and former employees of an Arizona securities research company at the heart of its lawsuit against several hedge funds. Go to Article from The Globe and Mail »')('2006030', 'With law firms merging at a rapid clip, attorneys increasingly are confronted with a vexing question: What to call the unified firm? Law firms, given their traditional nature, derive names from founding partners who often wielded influence in a community or were notable for legal acumen. Deals have nearly derailed over what to call a […]')('2006030', 'Michael Rigas, the former chief operating officer of bankrupt cable operator Adelphia Communications was sentenced Friday to 2 years probation with 10 months of home confinement for signing off on false company documents. In November 2005, the son of Adelphia founder John Rigas pleaded guilty to the reduced charge of signing a false statement after […]')('2006030', 'If participants in the local merger and acquisition market were pirates, they’d surely uncork a hearty “Arrrgh!” at the potential opportunities here. Inside the Pacific Northwest treasure chest is something as precious to mergers and acquisitions participants as plunder to a buccaneer — a collection of “beautiful $25 million to $250 million businesses.” Go to […]')('2006030', 'A possible flotation or spin-off of Baja Fresh Mexican Grill and an accelerated spin-off of the Tim Hortons coffee and doughnuts chain after its impending initial public offering lifted shares of Wendy’s International on Friday. Go to Article from MarketWatch » Investors can speculate all they want on whether Wendy’s will spin off its Baja […]')('2006030', 'One of the main criticisms I have received from friends on the right about my new book, "Impostor: How George W. Bush Bankrupted America and Betrayed the Reagan Legacy," is that it ignores an important point - that Mr. Bush\'s tax cuts have been so good that they in effect compensate for or excuse his [...]')('2006030', 'Washington Post TV critic Tom Shales rips Jon Stewart\'s performance as host of the Academy Awards: "It\'s hard to believe that professional entertainers could have put together a show less entertaining than this year\'s Oscars, hosted with a smug humorlessness by comic Jon Stewart, a sad and pale shadow of great hosts gone by." Shales [...]')('2006030', 'Wynn Resorts’ moves in the Chinese enclave of Macau are paying off, even before the company’s casino there opens. Wynn Resorts, the Las Vegas casino company, announced Sunday that it had agreed to sell a Macau subconcession to Publishing and Broadcasting Ltd. of Australia for $900 million. The agreement would allow PBL to own and […]')('2006030', 'The Securities and Exchange Commission’s proposed new rules for disclosing executive pay will ultimately give shareholders the tools they need to stop all those porkers from just getting fatter and fatter. But a few of the many proposed changes need some tweaking, according to Bloomberg’s Graef Crystal . Go to Article from Bloomberg News » […]')('2006030', 'Adecco, the world’s largest staffing firm, said it was in tie-up talks with Russia’s largest recruitment firm, Anchor, a deal that would give it access to a fast-growing market. Go to Article from Reuters »')('2006030', 'The annual gatherings sponsored by the Biotechnology Industry Organization – this year to be held in Chicago — have grown over the last decade, becoming a sort of life sciences World’s Fair. Unlike other trade shows, the BIO meetings have aspects of a scientific professional meeting and an industry pep rally. But more than anything, […]')('2006030', "It's 3 a.m. and the Bagger has wandered back to the hotel. The Sofitel may be under a punishing renovation, but they have a milk and cookies plate that rocks. Good thing, too, because the In-and-Out Burgers went fast at the Vanity Fair party at Morton's. The Bagger considered knocking down Mischa Barton to get [...]")('2006030', 'Cathy Schulman and Bob Yari, two producers of "Crash" who are madly suing each other, had some real détente going. The Academy and the Producers Guild had denied Mr. Yari producing credit with Ms. Schulman\'s vigorous concurrence. But when she got up to hit the thank you list of those responsible for the film, she [...]')('2006030', 'The Bagger is not your average red carpet reporter. To do the job, you need stamina - lockdown started three hours before the awards - a working knowledge of current celebrities, and the ability to come up with a question that will spark the faintest bit of interest from nominees who have spent months answering [...]')('2006030', "George Clooney, accepting an Oscar for best supporting actor: You know, we are a little bit out of touch in Hollywood every once in a while. I think it's probably a good thing. We're the ones who talked about AIDS when it was just being whispered, and we talked about civil rights when it wasn't [...]")('2006030', '– Paul Haggis sitting on a couch with his daughters at the Chateau Marmont while the kids handed the Oscars back and forth like the shiny nice playthings that they are. – The sheriff\'s deputy working traffic outside the Vanity Fair party was humming, "It\'s Hard Out Here for a Pimp," and laughed when he [...]')('2006030', 'Nelson Peltz, the activist shareholder is seeking five seats on the board of H.J. Heinz, an indication that he will push for changes at the company. Heinz confirmed on Friday that it had received notice of the plan from Mr. Peltz’s Trian Partners Master Fund. The statement came a day after Wendy’s International said it […]')('2006030', 'A postcard from Darfur ...')('2006030', 'Is W.M.D. terrorism a myth? In his Washington Post blog, William M. Arkin calls the threat of terrorists attacking the United States with weapons of mass destruction an "unsubstantiated nightmare": "U.S. officials present no evidence that there is any actual terrorist capability, not a single example of terrorists receiving assistance from W.M.D. states to [...]')('2006030', 'The Bagger, out on a limb by himself picking "Crash," sat and waited for the Academy to saw it off. And the best picture goes to ... "Crash," said Jack Nicholson. Well. This stuff, as it turns out, is simple. Kidding. The reason that the Bagger decided to go with "Crash" is that every Academy [...]')('2006030', "Cuba's national baseball team prepares for World Baseball Classic; photos (M)")('2006030', 'New York Jets sign quarterback Chad Pennington to restructured contract (M)')('2006030', 'Police divers recover body of Sydney Hatchett, 14-year-old boy who jumped into East River last Friday morning; his six-year-old sister was with him and ran home to tell their mother (S)')('2006030', 'New York City Mayor Michael R Bloomberg meets with New York State Senate majority leader Joseph L Bruno to discuss state aid to New York City school construction project; denies accusations that he plans to trade political endorsements for school funding; city is requesting $1.8 billion from state (M)')('2006030', "Ian Austen Autos On Monday/Technology column discusses General Motors' and other manufacturers' cold-weather test center in Ontario, which offers ideal combination of temperature and precipitation to assure that cars can handle cold-weather driving; map; photos (M)")('2006030', "Mayor Michael R Bloomberg's practice of giving large bonuses to key people working on his campaign is questioned as almost all individuals are now working in some aspect of city government; critics say that relationship between mayor and ex-campaign workers could make them less likely to disagree with Mayor and potentially cause conflict of interest; supporters of Mayor hold that he invites discord and discussion within his administration (M)")('2006030', 'New York Mets players prepare for World Baseball Classic; photo (M)')('2006030', "Kate Connell letter says Dubai ports deal requires thorough Congressional review precisely because of Bush administration's track record of not being prepared for worst-case scenarios")('2006030', "Tom Brush letter says that as Marine officer who served in Vietnam he takes issue with Sally Satel's skepticism about veterans who file claims as retirement nears; says post-traumatic stress disorder came into bloom in his own life 25 years after trauma")('2006030', 'Bronx teachers Quinn Kronen and Cara Wolfson-Kronen file lawsuit against city through New York Civil Liberties Union for their arrest during altercation between students at their school; claim they were verbally harassed and civil rights were violated; officers arrested teachers after they questioned handcuffing of students involved in fight (S)')('2006030', "Rosemarie Arbur letter says that even certainty that some veterans' claims of reactivated war trauma are false does not excuse failure to treat other veterans who are suffering")('2006030', "R J Egan letter says veterans and the public should be troubled over Sally Satel's March 1 description of how Veterans Affairs Department handles post-traumatic stress disorder claims; says there are legitimate claims but that diagnosis is often made with no objective substantiation")('2006030', 'Xiu Fang Jiang and Lan Jian Chan are found fatally stabbed in their bedroom behind Yong Heng, Brooklyn business that provides food for Chinese restaurants (M)')('2006030', "Photo of American Museum of Natural History's Hayden Planetarium, where $3 million space show Cosmic Collisions plans to open on March 18, 2006; photo (S)")('2006030', 'Ian Austen Autos On Monday/Technology column discusses ways drivers can minimize effects of cold weather on cars (S)c')('2006030', 'US Open will use instant replay to settle disputed calls for first time (M)')('2006030', 'New York Knicks, which have 16-43 record, are subject of ridicule and spoofs in popular culture; photos (M)')('2006030', 'Randy Punnett is charged with murder of former girlfriend Maria Perez, who lived in same Staten Island building; her body was found in his apartment after she was reported missing (S)')('2006030', "NBC wins all three Fridays during Olympics with relative ease; after Olympics, NBC's Friday night lineup is No 1 among adults 18 to 49, but CBS brings in 11.88 million viewers (S)")('2006030', "Laura Costas letter says Dr Sally Satel's March 1 Op-Ed article on military veterans and stress disorders exposes system that pits veteran against veteran in competition for help they all deserve")('2006030', "Letter from John P Rowan, president of Vietnam Veterans of America, says Dr Sally Satel's March 1 Op-Ed minimizes problem of thousands of legitimate claims denied veterans because of great difficulty of finding supporting documentation to verify cause of stress in later life")('2006030', 'Location of African Burial Ground in lower Manhattan is proclaimed national monument and federal government announces plans to build $8 million memorial and visitor center on part of site; historians believe that around 15,000 slaves were buried there between 1640 and 1795; Howard University study of burial remains and artifacts described; photo (M)')('2006030', 'Letter from Pierre Bertrand of UN refugee commission on tragic reality of Darfur crisis')('2006030', 'Attorney Charles Eric Gordon, who is vice pres of Society of Professional Investigators and specializes in tracking down missing persons, describes his practice; several cases discussed; photo (M)')('2006030', "John Moran letter says Sally Satel's calibrating approach to veterans' benefits is all too familiar from precincts like American Enterprise Institute, where she is resident scholar, and is unseemly coming from psychiatrist")('2006030', "Letter from Bear Stearns executive Alan C Greenberg lauds his friend Boone Pickens's $165-million gift to Oklahoma State University and sees nothing wrong in his handling of investment strategy")('2006030', "St Peter's College men's basketball team defeats Manhattan College, 84-74, to reach Metro Atlantic Athletic Conference tournament final; Iona College defeats Marist College, 100-84; photos (M)")('2006030', 'Graham Katz letter points out that German government, not Berliners, made final decision to demolish old East German Palace of the Republic')('2006030', "Rutgers University men's basketball team defeats St John's University, 82-70, to earn berth in Big East Tournament (M)")('2006030', 'New York City Police Department offers reward for information that leads to arrest or conviction of arsonist who started Feb 24 Prospect Heights fire, which killed two adults and two children; Kassoum Fofana, husband of one victim and father of both children killed, is lone survivor of blaze (S)')('2006030', "Southern Illinois University men's basketball team defeats Bradley University, 59-46, to win Missouri Valley Conference Tournament (M)")('2006030', 'NFL and players union delay start of free agency to try to reach agreement on collective bargaining agreement (M)')('2006030', 'Brother Derek is considered favorite for Kentucky Derby (M)')('2006030', "Edward Rothstein Connections column on New York Theater Workshop's postponement of its production of My Name Is Rachel Corrie, one-woman drama about 23-year-old pro-Palestinian American activist killed by Israeli bulldozer in Gaza Strip in 2003, has been attacked as act of censorship; photo (M)")('2006030', 'Major League Baseball Commissioner Bud Selig orders New York Yankees to remove sign at spring training field apologizing to fans that certain Yankees will not be at spring training because they are participating in World Baseball Classic, which Yankees did not vote for; photos (M)')('2006030', 'Tiger Woods wins Ford Championship; photos (M)')('2006030', 'New York State is last state to come up with plan to upgrade its voting system; political struggles that have grounded Albany to halt on many issues are blamed; New York State Board of Elections, which has co-executive directors from both major parties, has done little to move process forward other than place responsibility on each county to reform voting system; concerns over lack of progress discussed (M)')('2006030', "Peter J Riga letter on Dr Sally Satel's March 1 Op-Ed on stress disorders among veterans; says trauma of Vietnam is still with him forty years later, and only now has it become acceptably 'manly' to talk about it")('2006030', "Police Officer Kevin O'Toole and friend Bill Murphy find body of unidentified man while searching for friend Thomas Fasciglione, who disappeared Jan 28, after leaving Pier 101 Tavern in East Rockaway; body remains unidentified; while reporting find, O'Toole received call that Fasciglione had been found floating in nearby bay; cause of Fasciglione's death is being investigated, but bartender says that he had left bar in depressed mood; map; photo (M)")('2006030', 'Phillip Alder bridge column on deal at NEC Bridge Festival in Yokohama, Japan; diagram (M)')('2006030', "United States Rep Jerrold L Nadler and New York City Councilman David Yassky criticize Mayor Michael R Bloomberg's administration for mishandling Red Hook Container Terminal; container contract will expire in March 2007 and several different plans, including cruise ship terminal, are being discussed for location (S)")('2006030', "Traditionally women behind men involved in organized crime are not seen or heard from, but remain in background of their men's lives; tradition appears to be changing as numerous women appear at John A Gotti's racketeering trial; each woman's relationship to Gotti discussed; photos (M)")('2006030', 'Junya Watanabe Paris collection, featuring harsh accessories paired with camouflage and tattered surplus, is reviewed as decidedly radical but not shocking given current trends in fashion; other Paris designer collections described; photos (M)')('2006030', 'Brokeback Mountain wins best feature and best director (Ang Lee) at Independent Spirit Awards; Philip Seymour Hoffman wins best actor for Capote and Felicity Huffman wins best actress for Transamerica; photo (S)')('2006030', 'Rebroadcast of Disney Channel TV movie High School Musical draws 4.1 million viewers, making it highest-rated cable show of day (S)')('2006030', 'Fall by conductor James Levine onstage at Symphony Hall in Boston has injured his rotator cuff in his right shoulder, forcing him to cancel his first tour as music director of Boston Symphony Orchestra; further tests will determine extent of injury and whether he will be able to keep commitments with Metropolitan Opera to begin rehearsals for Fidelio and lead various other operas during season; photo (M)')('2006030', "Rutgers University women's basketball team defeats Villanova University, 60-37, to advance to Big East tournament semifinals; photo (M)")('2006030', "New York City police question bouncer who was working at Falls bar on night that John Jay College student Imette St Guillen was murdered; continue investigation with search of upstairs offices of building that houses bar; it has been one week since St Guillen's bound and gagged body was found in Brooklyn; she was last seen at Falls; photo (M)")('2006030', 'Firefighter responding to manhole explosion receives minor injuries and is taken to Jacobi Medical Center; Con Edison spokeswoman D Joy Faber says that cause of explosion in under investigation (S)')('2006030', 'Blackstone Group‘s $5.6 billion deal to acquire CarrAmerica Realty points out a paradox: Why haven’t climbing interest rates dampened interest in real estate investment trusts? Despite the rate hikes, one longtime bond analyst tells Forbes.com that REIT buyouts are likely to continue. Go to Article at Forbes.com »')('2006030', "An emerging theme among conservatives is that President Bush may be right on the issues but has failed in the execution of his policies. In this respect, the administration's response to Hurricane Katrina may be hurting it more, at least among conservatives, than the problems in Iraq. Weekly Standard editor Bill Kristol, one of Mr. [...]")('2006030', "Life in Iraq can be pretty surreal. As I write this, I'm just outside the city of Ramadi, Iraq, which is the southwest point of the infamous Sunni Triangle in the Al Anbar Province. I am a first lieutenant in the Utah Army National Guard, currently serving as the signal officer (SIGO) of a field [...]")('2006030', '.')('2006030', 'In the latest outcry over CEO compensation, two union pension funds have sued Hewlett-Packard and its board over severance payments given to the company’s former chief, Carleton Fiorina. Trust funds for the Indiana Electrical Workers and the Service Employees International Union contend that Hewlett-Packard acted improperly in giving Ms. Fiorina between $21.4 million and $42.5 […]')('2006030', "The question of life on Mars isn't the crucial one, and it's only the start. Is there plumbing on Mars? Some version of Fandango? And, most important of all, a cuisine?")('2006030', 'With $612.5 million coming in from the maker of the BlackBerry messaging device, patent holding company NTP has plenty of ammunition for its next move — whatever that may be. After paying the lawyers who helped it extract its settlement from Research in Motion, NTP may use its windfall to pursue an appeal at the […]')('2006030', 'As it prepares to merge with Talbots, women’s apparel retailer J. Jill Group has filed a preliminary proxy statement that offers a blow-by-blow timeline of Liz Claiborne‘s long and ultimately failed attempt to buy the company. Though many reports said Liz Claiborne had been chasing J. Jill for two years before losing out to Talbots […]')('2006030', 'Enron‘s former chief financial officer, Andrew S. Fastow, told a jury on Tuesday that his bosses and the company’s board signed off on two off-the-books partnerships that he proposed to help bolster the energy company’s profits and hide losses from investors. The testimony of Mr. Fastow underscored a key element of government prosecutors’ case against […]')('2006030', 'Vornado Realty Trust on Tuesday confirmed in a regulatory filing that it held informal talks with the Mills Corporation, stoking speculation of a deal between the two real estate companies. The announcement came a few weeks after Mills, which owns and develops shopping centers, said that it hired Goldman Sachs and J.P. Morgan to explore […]')('2006030', 'The latest acquisition by data storage giant EMC wasn’t especially notable, except for one detail. It seems to have furnished an exit for a venture capital firm with ties to a member of EMC’s board. EMC’s annual regulatory filing, filed on Monday with the Securities and Exchange Commission, contains this reference to a recent, unannounced […]')('2006030', "I'm looking for a masochist. If your dream trip doesn't involve a five-star hotel in Rome or Bora-Bora, but a bedbug-infested mattress in a malarial jungle as hungry jackals yelp outside - or if you know of an ex-boyfriend or ex-girlfriend whom you would like to suggest for such a trip - then read on. [...]")('2006030', "They patrol the streets, teach the children, and tend the sick in Prince William County, Va., but many police officers, teachers and nurses can't afford to live in the county because of rising rents and housing prices, according to a Washington Post article. Attempts by a non-proft group to build lower cost housing for these [...]")('2006030', "Time Magazine is reporting that reports of the bursting of the housing bubble may be premature. The magazine says 2005 was another banner year for real estate. What's more, Time says the growth was not in isolated spots. Citing data from Office of Federal Housing Enterprise Oversight, all but one of the 275 major metropolitan [...]")('2006030', 'The board of VNU, the Dutch publishing and market research company that owns ACNielsen, is meeting in Amsterdam today to weigh a takeover bid worth more than $9 billion from a consortium of private equity investors, people involved in the discussions tell DealBook. The investor group, which includes AlpInvest Partners, the Blackstone Group, the Carlyle […]')('2006030', 'A former senior executive at HSBC Holdings who said that he was fired because he is gay is pressing a record discrimination claim in Britain in a case that will examine homophobia in the securities industry. Peter Lewis, former global head of equities trading at HSBC, is the first high-profile financial professional to bring such […]')('2006030', 'Barely a week after Cisco Systems closed its $7 billion purchase of Scientific-Atlanta, the company is back on the acquisition trail. At first glance, its deal for SyPixx Networks, announced Tuesday morning, seems like a return to normalcy for Cisco, a networking giant that has traditionally picked up relatively small, privately held businesses. Many analysts […]')('2006030', 'Two former porfolio managers at SAC Capital, one of the biggest and most influential hedge funds, are starting their own fund, Institutional Investor reports. The two managers, John Black and Gianluca De Berardinis, left Steven Cohen’s SAC fund in January and have formed Technique Asset Management in New York. They will start a $100 million […]')('2006030', 'Morgan Stanley’s chief executive, John Mack, has lifted the black cloud hanging over the investment bank. But take a closer look at Morgan, and you’ll see that despite darkness being turned to light, the firm remains in a tricky competitive position — one that requires outsized strategic vision. And in certain corners of Wall Street […]')('2006030', 'Bravo Development, operator of the Bravo and Brio casual Italian dining chains, is the latest restaurant company to tantalize the taste buds of private equity firms, with three or four buyout firms entering a final round of bidding for a stake of the company, LBO Wire reported. Go to Article from LBO Wire »')('2006030', 'Merrill Lynch & Co.’s private equity arm has agreed to buy privately held NPC International, the world’s largest franchisee of Pizza Hut restaurants. The agreement is the latest in a series of acquisitions by private equity groups of fast food restaurant chains. Go to Article from Reuters via CNN Money » Go to Article from […]')('2006030', 'The upstart Intercontinental Exchange made an eleventh-hour bid late last week to break up the New York Mercantile Exchange‘s deal to sell a 10 percent stake to private equity firm General Atlantic. Go to Article from The New York Post »')('2006030', 'LSI Logic will put a chunk of its communications chip business on the auction block, as the company moves forward with a plan to recast itself as more than a supplier of custom-made chips Go to Article from TheStreet.com »')('2006030', 'Who are the heirs to Michael R. Milken’s onetime throne as junk-bond king? Following the path taken by some hedge funds, private equity firms like Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Company are jumping in with new distressed-debt funds, Forbes magazine reports. These new players are forcing more competition into a field increasingly crowded with distressed-debt investors. […]')('2006030', 'DataTreasury., a Texas company that offers transaction processing and archiving software, has filed suit against 56 banks, bank holding companies and others claiming infringement of patents it owns. Among the defendants named in the suit filed by DataTreasury on Feb. 24 are: HSBC North America Holdings Inc. and its subsidiary, HSBC Bank USA N.A.; M&T […]')('2006030', 'Former top managers at Dutch supermarket and food service group Ahold went on trial on fraud charges Monday, the final act in an accountancy scandal that tainted one of the world’s largest retailers. Ahold revealed in February 2003 that profits had been overstated by almost 1 billion euros ($1.2 billion), mainly in the United States, […]')('2006030', 'Citigroup said late Monday that it planned to sell 8 million shares of Legg Mason acquired in an asset swap last year. Citigroup said that its investment banking unit would act as sole bookrunner in an underwritten secondary public offering, which could total 9.2 million shares if an over-allotment option is exercised in full. Go […]')('2006030', 'The bulk of the investment in HSBC’s corporate, investment banking and markets arm is now complete, and the rate of cost growth at the division should come down this year, Stuart Gulliver, co-head of the investment banking arm, said on Monday. Mr. Gulliver said the rate of growth of costs dropped in the second half […]')('2006030', 'Spain will fight to defend Endesa, the nation’s largest power company, from any unwanted foreign takeover in the face of pressure from the European Union to open its energy market, a government minister said. European Union regulators have challenged the legality of Spain’s new rules allowing its energy regulator to block a foreign bid for […]')('2006030', 'American investors Carl C. Icahn and Warren Lichtenstein are set to win at least one board seat at takeover target KT&G Corporation, South Korea’s biggest tobacco maker, the company’s chief executive said. Investors holding about 35 percent of the Daejeon-based company’s stock may back Mr. Icahn, including its biggest overseas shareholder Franklin Mutual Advisors LLC, […]')('2006030', 'Self-storage company Public Storage has reached a $3.2 billion deal to buy smaller rival Shurgard Storage Centers, uniting two real-estate investment trusts in the self-storage space. Under the deal, every share of Shurgard will be exchanged for 0.82 share of Public Storage, valuing Shurgard at $65.16 a share. That is a premium of 39 percent […]')('2006030', 'Government prosecutors suspect that former partner KPMG Gregg W. Ritchie, one of the employees from the accounting firm indicted in September on charges of creating and marketing questionable tax shelters, is having his legal bills paid by Gary Winnick, the founder and former chairman of the collapsed telecommunications giant Global Crossing. Go to Article from […]')('2006030', 'Trade buyers – like Linde, E.ON, Ferrovial, maybe even Enel – aim to gear up their targets and save tax. These predators are stealing the LBO houses’ clothes. Their targets could – and should – do the same, according to BreakingViews. Go to Article from BreakingViews »')('2006030', 'Apollo’s public fund, Apollo Investment, had teething pains on its 2004 debut. It has since rebounded smartly and is planning to raise more equity. Yet so far, Apollo’s success hasn’t tempted imitators like KKR or Blackstone to launch similar funds. It might be time for a rethink, writes Antony Currie of BreakingViews. Go to Article […]')('2006030', 'Digital music firms Rock Mobile and A8 are vying to become China’s first record label to go public. Both companies license popular recordings for sale as mobile ringtones, among other services. Rock Mobile earned nearly $9 million in 2004 and over $20 million in 2005, and may well join the long list of Chinese companies […]')('2006030', 'German chemical company BASF said on Monday it had extended its tender offer for Engelhard of New Jersey. BASF extended the hostile offer until March 17. It is the second time it has moved back the deadline on the offer since beginning the bid in early January. Go to Article from TheStreet.com »')('2006030', 'A former New York stockbroker pleaded guilty on Monday to trading on secret information about the pending acquisition by Applied Materials of Metron Technology after learning of it from his girlfriend, who was a lawyer on the deal. Go to Article from The New York Times »')('2006030', 'Copan Systems raised a $17.5 million Series C round in what is expected to be the last round before the disk-based storage company enters the public market later next year. New investor Credit Suisse Group led the round. Go to Article from VentureWire Professional »')('2006030', 'Bacardi USA is growing at a near double-digit rate, outpacing most of its competitors, according to the company’s chief executive, who also said he expected further consolidation in the fast-compressing spirits industry. Go to Article from MarketWatch »')('2006030', 'Italian utility Enel is organizing the financing to start a takeover bid for French power and water group Suez, La Tribune reported. Enel is currently gathering borrowing facilities of 45 billion euros to 50 billion euros ($54 billion to $60 billion) to proceed with a bid An offer from Enel could scupper the shotgun wedding […]')('2006030', 'ATI Technologies, a Markham, Ontario-based world leader in graphic chips, is acquiring Shanghai-based Macrosynergy along with related personnel working in China and California, the company announced Monday Go to Article from The Globe and Mail »')('2006030', 'As General Atlantic moves toward putting a third of its capital to work in Asia, the private equity firm has led a $48 million investment in Beijing-based Internet company Oak Pacific Interactive. Go to Article from VentureWire Professional »')('2006030', 'The Macquarie Korea Infrastructure Fund and its investors sold 940 billion won ($963 million) of shares in London and Seoul, less than the maximum sought as demand for stock wanes in Asia’s third-biggest economy. Go to Article from Bloomberg News »')('2006030', 'Richard Grasso did more than invite the wrath of Eliot Spitzer by receiving more than $140 million in pay as head of the New York Stock Exchange. The outrage over his compensation forced the 213-year-old Big Board on a course that ends Tuesday with its transformation into a public company. But Mr. Grasso won’t be […]')('2006030', 'The studio behind “Desperate Housewives” is hoping a cable network will cough up more than $200 million to buy the popular ABC show’s repeats. Disney-owned Buena Vista Television is reportedly asking about $1.2 million per episode of the catty dramedy in what could turn out to be a payday for the girls of Wisteria Lane, […]')('2006030', 'The Banc Corp. is set to expand its presence in lucrative Florida markets with the purchase of Kensington Bankshares for an estimated $71.2 million, the companies announced Monday. Go to Article from The Birmingham Business Journal »')('2006030', 'Private equity firm TowerBrook Capital Partners, founded by senior executives from Soros Private Equity Partners, said it had closed its latest fund, TowerBrook Investors II LP, at $1.3 billion. TowerBrook, which spun out of Soros Private Equity in April with more than $1.3 billion under management at the time, is headed up by co-chief executives […]')('2006030', 'With a pivotal government witness waiting in the wings, a defense lawyer in the Enron fraud trial sought on Monday to cast doubt on a former executive’s claim that the chief executive, Jeffrey K. Skilling, fretted in 2001 that “they’re on to us.” The former executive, Kevin P. Hannon, who worked in Enron’s broadband unit, […]')('2006030', 'Private equity firm Obsidian Finance Group and a timber investment management company have offered to acquire Longview Fibre for $26 a share in cash, but Longview has refused to discuss the proposal. Longview Fibre, a lumber and cardboard company that has been moving to convert to a real estate investment trust, and its board have […]')('2006030', 'The feverish auction for the Alan Greenspan memoir appears to have broken with Penguin on top with a winning bid believed to be in the $8.5 million to $9 million range, The New York Post reported. At that price, it means the former chairman of the Federal Reserve may have bested the $8.5 million advance […]')('2006030', 'Germany’s ThyssenKrupp is considering the sale of its automotive parts division after receiving several inquiries into the unit, The Wall Street Journal reported. A sale could amount to about 3 billion euros ($3.6 billion) for the steelmaker as it pursues a purchase of Dofasco of Canada. Go to Article from Reuters »')('2006030', 'Cisco Systems is getting into the security surveillance market with the acquisition of a small company called SyPixx Networks. The networking giant is paying $51 million in cash and options for SyPixx, which has developed software and hardware products that allow existing analog video systems to operate as part of a digital IP network. Go […]')('2006030', 'DaimlerChrysler has dismissed or suspended several employees after an internal investigation uncovered evidence that its executives paid bribes in Asia, Africa and Eastern Europe. In a report filed Monday with the Securities and Exchange Commission, the company said it had “determined that improper payments were made in a number of jurisdictions.” The payments, it said, […]')('2006030', 'Dubai, already a tourism giant, wants to run United States ports and be the Wall Street of the Persian Gulf. Time magazine wonders: Isn’t that the American way? Go to Article from Time magazine » Homeland Security Secretary Michael Chertoff, weighed in on the proposed deal yesterday, saying a takeover of terminal operations at five […]')('2006030', 'AT&T’s $83 billion deal to buy BellSouth may spur rival Verizon Communications to go on the prowl for deals. Among the possible candidates are Little Rock, Ark.-based rural telephone company Alltel Corp., regional phone company Qwest Communications, and the local phone operations being spun off by Sprint Nextel, industry observers say. Go to Article from […]')('2006030', 'While government officials and industry lobbyists say the AT&T-BellSouth deal faces few regulatory obstacles, changes in the regulatory climate, as well as the marketplace, may bring different political headwinds. The deal threatens to undermine parts of the telephone industry’s broader regulatory and legislative agenda by making it more difficult for the industry to claim it […]')('2006030', 'The Dana Corporation, the auto and truck parts maker, said Monday that its chief financial officer, Robert C. Richter, retired two days before the company filed for bankruptcy last week and would be paid $35,000 a month as a consultant. Dana also named Ted Stenger, a managing director of the financial advisory firm AlixPartners, as […]')('2006030', 'In the April issue of the Washington Monthly, Amy Sullivan says that evangelical voters are to the Republican Party what African-Americans are to the Democrats: the key voting bloc, whose nearly unanimous support the G.O.P. requires for electoral success. President Bush peeled off enough black voters in 2004 to win re-election, while John Kerry was [...]')('2006030', 'A former Philadelphia Stock Exchange trader has won a $1.9 million judgment against the exchange and a fellow trader who he said assaulted him on the exchange floor. William J. Dooner maintained in a civil lawsuit filed in Common Pleas Court in Philadelphia that Ralph DiDonato assaulted him Dec. 4, 2002, on the exchange’s trading […]')('2006030', 'Last night, James J. Cramer picked a handful of stocks on his “Mad Money” program on CNBC that may move today as a result. Among his most interesting picks was Atheros Communications (ATHR), a maker of microchips that extend the range of wireless devices and reduces power consumption. He said Atheros would be a big […]')('2006030', 'The Bagger is sitting on the floor of LAX, waiting for his red-eye. Why sit on the floor? Because adjacent to the floor is juice, glorious juice - as in electricity. Back when the Bagger did a very short tour on a national political campaign, he learned the definition of powerlessness. One of the veterans [...]')('2006030', 'The Bagger was sort of excited about the "Crash" win because he was one of the few who put his nickel down on the film. (He has learned since yesterday that John Lippman, the veteran entertainment reporter for the Wall Street Journal, also picked the film, along with some other hardy souls.) Imagine, though, the [...]')('2006030', 'There is a firehouse of debate raging deep inside Bagger HQ here and especially here that defies easy summary, but suffice to say that many people feel that "Crash" fails to surpass its TV movie DNA while others argue - loudly and with a great deal of feeling - that the reason "Brokeback Mountain" fell [...]')('2006030', 'Kenneth Turan of the Los Angeles Times minces few words on his way to indicting the Academy for picking "Crash" For "Crash\'s" biggest asset is its ability to give people a carload of those standard Hollywood satisfactions but make them think they are seeing something groundbreaking and daring. It is, in some ways, a feel-good [...]')('2006030', "Three 6 Mafia weren't always pulling up to the Oscars in a phat limo. Blogger Jim Hanas knew them when.")('2006030', 'Yale law professor Jack Balkin argues on his blog that South Dakota\'s new abortion law "has begun the process of undermining the Republican Party nationally": The state\'s legislature has "put the criminalization of abortion squarely on the table for public discussion. By making it important for Republican politicians to take a stand - not on [...]')('2006030', 'For Peter E. Bacanovic, the second act of his career is starting with a second mortgage. Mr. Bacanovic, Martha Stewart’s former stockbroker was barred from the securities business after his conviction on charges related to Ms. Stewart’s ill-fated stock sale. Now, he has taken out a $850,000 home equity line of credit on his town […]')('2006030', 'In this lesson, students will participate in hands-on scientific experiments relying solely on household kitchen materials.')('2006030', 'Party-crasher at Vanity Fair Oscar party and attendees discussed (M)')('2006030', 'First Roumanian-American Congregation on Rivington Street is torn down several months after roof collapse made building unsafe; 150-year-old building did not have landmark status despite its rich heritage during widespread Jewish immigration of 19th-century; several offers to help replace roof before collapse discussed; it is unclear what will be built in its place, but Rabbi Shmuel Spiegel alludes to something larger and grander than original synagogue; photos (M)')('2006030', 'Sacramento Kings defeat New Jersey Nets, 109-84; photo (M)')('2006030', 'Former Virginia Tech University quarterback Marcus Vick pleads guilty to number of charges, including speeding and disorderly conduct; photo (S)')('2006030', 'John Shreffler letter says Lawrence Summers was victim of self-inflicted wounds, not casualty of faculty revolt (March 4 John Tierney Op-Ed column)')('2006030', 'Cuban national baseball team prepares for World Baseball Classic; photo (M)')('2006030', 'NASCAR CHOO')('2006030', 'Stuart Elliott Advertising column on expected impact on Madison Avenue as result of agreement by AT&T to buy BellSouth; AT&T intends to jettison BellSouth and Cingular brands and operate all its divisions as AT&T, which is likely to give it powerful advantage; photos (M)')('2006030', 'Dr Robert M Kaiser letter on Feb 28 article about ailing former Prime Min Ariel Sharon questions if doctors ever considered less aggressive course of treatment')('2006030', "Brookings Institution demographic survey shows that within next few years whites will be minority of population in New York City Metropolitan region; whites have been minority in New York City since 1980's, but data show trend will soon extend to metropolitan area, including parts of New York State, Connecticut, Pennsylvania and New Jersey; specific demographic information about New York City and metropolitan area given; map (M)")('2006030', 'Bush administration is set to approve innovative health insurance program for 80,000 low-income uninsured Arkansans; state will receive waiver allowing it to receive federal Medicaid money for coverage that does not meet usual standards for eligibility and benefits; employer-based program is extremely limited and employers wanting to participate must guarantee that all their employees will be covered; Arkansas expects to enroll at least 50,000 workers with incomes less than twice federal poverty level and 30,000 workers with higher incomes; federal officials says program could be model for other states that want to expand coverage without substantially increasing costs (M)')('2006030', 'William H Miller letter calls for tough strategies to combat global warming (March 5 Nicholas D Kristof Op-Ed column)')('2006030', 'New York City Finance Commissioner Martha E Stark reports that annual property tax rebate in effect offsets higher property tax rates with most owners receiving rebates of $800 while paying $743 in taxes (S)')('2006030', "Conductor Kurt Masur falls ill during intermission at performance with London Philharmonic and is taken to emergency room; is released from hospital after overnight stay for heart palpitations; first performances of orchestra's 16-concert American tour will be conducted by Osmo Vanska; no decision has been made on when Masur will rejoin tour; photo (S)")('2006030', "Witnesses testify that John A Gotti, who is on trial for racketeering conspiracy, gave up life of Gambino crime family leader years ago; hold he has expressed regret for life of crime; Peter Gotti, defendent's brother, is among those who testify (M)")('2006030', 'Denis M Hughes, New York State AFL-CIO president, announces appointment of special committee to handle federal investigation into New York City Central Labor Council and its president Brian M McLaughlin (S)')('2006030', "Study by Common Cause New York on state's campaign finance system finds that candidates are taking full advantage of lenient New York laws, which allow private individuals to donate up to $33,900 for statewide candidates in general election; current federal campaign donation limit is only $2,100 per person; study also finds that only 1 percent of state's residents are contributors and therefore small number of well-off people and special interests are key in influencing elections (M)")('2006030', 'US team is highest paid at World Baseball Classic (S)')('2006030', "West Virginia University women's basketball team defeats Rutgers University, 56-40, to advance to Big East tournament finals; photo (M)")('2006030', "Government prosecutors suspect that Gregg Ritchie, former senior tax partner at KPMG's Los Angeles office, is having his legal bills paid by Gary Winnick, founder and former chairman of Global Crossing; Ritchie and lawyers for Pacific Capital Group refuse to disclose whether Ritchie's bills are being paid by someone other than him; fee arrangement, while not illegal, raises questions of motive (M)")('2006030', "Mark Page, Health and Hospitals Corporation Budget Director who monitors finances for New York City's public hospitals system, offers testimony at City Council meeting about upcoming budgetary needs; holds that system is unable to keep pace with rising medical costs; notes that Medicaid reimbursements from New York State are once again overdue, creating short-term crisis (M)")('2006030', "Iona College men's basketball team defeats St Peter's College, 80-61, to win Metro Atlantic Athletic Conference tournament; photo (M)")('2006030', 'ABC drama Commander in Chief loses second supervisor in season as Steven Bochco is replaced by Dee Johnson; show has suffered production problems and has been temporary shelved until April; photo (S)')('2006030', 'New York City Port Authority officials announce that plans to build PATH track at World Trade Center have been dropped; move will save several million dollars and allow for more room to construct ground zero memorial (M)')('2006030', 'Christopher Elliott Sounding Off column, with tax time approaching, on annoyances of keeping mileage log for IRS, particularly for business travelers who are on road a lot; describes new products aimed at making mileage log more manageable task (M)')('2006030', "North Carolina University-Wilmington men's basketball team defeats Hofstra University, 78-67, to win Colonial Athletic Association Tournament; photo (M)")('2006030', 'Letter from John Weidman of Dramatists Guild of America says theater is place where controversial subjects such as play about Rachel Corrie should be aired and debated; scores postponement by New York Theater Workshop (Feb 28 article)')('2006030', 'Phyllis Weiner, 89-year-old woman who used walker, dies from suspicious fall in stairwell of her East Side (Manhattan) apartment building; nephew Michael Zerin says she had been at bank earlier in day and her purse is missing; police have not identified any suspects (S)')('2006030', 'Munjed Farid Al Qutob letter says March 4 editorial is lacking in balance; says US is hated in Islamic world because of its unconditional support of Israel')('2006030', 'Joe Sharkey On the Road column offers advice on tipping hotel maids; says $3 to $5 a day is appropriate; drawing (M)')('2006030', 'Carolina Hurricanes defeat New York Rangers, 2-1; photo (M)')('2006030', "NFL owners will meet to decide on players union's final proposal on collective bargaining agreement; photo (M)")('2006030', 'Vado Diomande, New York City drummer who contracted inhalation anthrax from untreated animal hides, is upgraded to fair from serious condition and is reported to be speaking and breathing without assistance (S)')('2006030', 'K T McFarland, former Defense Department spokeswoman during Reagan administration, forms exploratory committee to raise money for potential challenge to Sen Hillary Rodham Clinton for Senate seat; would first oppose John Spencer for Republican nomination; photo (S)')('2006030', 'Avraham Goldberg letter scores March 4 editorial for suggesting that Israel give over tax and customs money collected on behalf of Palestinians; says it would finance Hamas')('2006030', 'Photo of John DeSantis working on cage to house foxes at James A McFaul Environmental Center, Bergen County, NJ (M)')('2006030', "Photo of North Carolina University-Wilmington win over Hofstra University, to win Colonial Athletic Association men's tournament")('2006030', "Craig's Shoes in Lower Manhattan closes after 56 years in business; owner Steve Kleinfeld says that store would have remained in business except building was sold for development and rents in area have become too prohibitive to relocate; photo (M)")('2006030', 'Kate Ascher, New York City Economic Development Corporation executive vice president, says that Bloomberg administration is actively seeking developer interested in redeveloping Battery Maritime Building into large-scale public market; landmark ferry building, which has had exterior recently renovated, described; photos (M)')('2006030', "Federal prosecutor Robert Spencer asks jury to sentence Zacarias Moussaoui to death, saying his willful decision to conceal his knowledge of Sept 11 terrorist plot made him responsible for deaths that day; lawyer for Moussaoui tells jurors they cannot order execution on basis of supposition that if he revealed his knowledge of Al Qaeda's interest in flying planes into public buildings that would have prevented attacks; photo (M)")('2006030', "Photo of West Virginia University win over Rutgers University to advance to Big East women's tournament semifinals")('2006030', 'Profile of and interview with playwright David Grimm, whose play Measure for Pleasure is opening at Public Theater; play is written in style and language of Restoration comedy, but with sizable dose of modern sex farce; photo (M)')('2006030', 'New York Governor George E Pataki is released from New-York-Presbyterian/Columbia Hospital eighteen days after he suffered burst appendix; will remain on antibiotics to stave off further infection after earlier complications; photo (M)')('2006030', "Photo of Iona College win over St Peter's College, to win MAAC tournament")('2006030', "Decline in airline ticket prices puts dent in Aviation Trust Fund, which finances Federal Aviation Administration with 7.5 percent airline ticket tax; stiff competition has pushed down prices and helped drive some airlines into bankruptcy; FAA officials say financing system should not be based on ticket prices because they have no bearing on agency's costs; rather, officials want to collect fees from users of air traffic system based on number of landings, takeoffs and miles flown; current tax and agency's four-year budget plan expire at end of Sept 2007 (M)")('2006030', "Emery Roth II letter says Americans' silence and disengagement in torture debate permit Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld to continue policies (Feb 28 Anthony Lagouranis Op-Ed article)")('2006030', 'Italian and American geologists and archaeologists report that research on volcano Vesuvius shows that eruption in 1780 BC devastated greater area than 79 AD eruption, which destroyed Pompeii; research, which is published in Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, warns that Naples is within region that was affected and might not be safe from future eruptions; map; photo (M)')('2006030', 'CarrAmerica Realty Corp agrees to be acquired by Blackstone Group in deal valued at about $5.6 billion; deal, if approved, would be latest in series of transactions in which private companies have bought publicly traded real estate investment trusts (M)')('2006030', "New York State's draft brownfield regulations, which were passed in 2003, are criticized for being unsafe and restrictive to redevelopment; New York was one of last states to adopt measures to clean up contaminated industrial properties; Gabrielle M DeMarco, New York State Environmental Conservation Department spokeswoman, explains that regulations allow degree of cleanup to vary according to how land will be used in future (M)")('2006030', 'Miriam Joyce letter suggests French Muslims and Jews open joint halal/kosher soup kitchen (Feb 28 article)')('2006030', 'Racketeering trial of former police officers Louis J Eppolito and Stephen Caracappa begins in Federal District Court in Brooklyn; trial has apparently spawned at least four book deals and possible movie; general interest in stories of mob and people tied to organized crime discussed (M)')('2006030', 'Dr Francis M Forster, neurologist who helped treat Pres Dwight Eisenhower for his 1957 stroke, dies at age 94; photo (M)')('2006030', "Murray Chass On Baseball column contends that New York Yankees owner George Steinbrenner's disapproval of World Baseball Classic is not in keeping with spirit of baseball, but is in keeping with Steinbrenner's personality; photo (M)")('2006030', 'Article on ways in which hotels are trying to persuade guests to linger in public spaces and perhaps, spend more money; enticements, added primarily by luxury hotels, tend to focus on creating atmosphere for socializing rather than on selling products; new frills include celebrity chefs, live music, chocolate bars and displays of art; photo (M)')('2006030', 'New York Yankees outfielder Hideki Matsui has five hits in six at-bats in spring training; photo (M)0')('2006030', "Robert H Edwards Jr letter scores John Tierney's proposed solution of all-powerful executive to run Harvard (March 4 Op-Ed column)")('2006030', 'Influential House conservatives plan to propose austere alternative spending plan that would pare more than $650 billion over next five years, balance budget and drastically shrink some cabinet agencies; move is part of push by some Republicans to re-establish themselves as champions of fiscal restraint; conservatives say it is important to lay down marker because Senate is facing vote on whether to increase statutory debt limit, which will remind public of increasing deficits under Bush administration; photo (M)')('2006030', "Most popular events at London Book Fair all deal with technology; lecture by John L Needham of Google about company's Book Search program and author Margaret Atwood demonstration of LongPen, device that allows authors to sign books digitally from afar, draw largest crowds (M)")('2006030', 'Julia Fremon letter suggests one Medicare plan for everyone (March 1 article)')('2006030', 'Letter from American Jewish Committee executive director David A Harris cites events that have derailed peace process between Israel and Palestinians; says Palestinian election of Hamas does not augur well for further prospects of peace and coexistence (March 1 Saeb Erekat Op-Ed article)')('2006030', 'Raymond D Gastil letter on Feb 28 article about relationship between science and religion suggests that scientists stand up for scientific truth and try to dispel irrational religious claims')('2006030', 'John Sitter letter says honest and informed attention to human population growth must be part of any solution to global warming (March 5 Nicholas D Kristof Op-Ed column)')('2006030', 'Carlotta Stern letter on Feb 28 article on sibling violence says that physical punishment by parents fosters sibling misconduct; photo')('2006030', 'Look at final shows of fall Paris ready-to-wear collections focuses on strong silhouette of Marc Jacobs collection for Louis Vuitton; photos (L)')('2006030', 'About 100 relatives of victims of Sept 11 attacks gather in courthouse in Lower Manhattan to watch start of sentencing trial of Zacarias Moussaoui relayed by closed-circuit television from courtroom in Alexandria, Va; six closed-circuit sites are available to family members; some relatives in Manhattan say they are there mainly to commune with others who understand their anguish; photo (M)')('2006030', 'Photo of star of David from Lower East Side synagogue that was torn down (M)')('2006030', 'William A Polf letter on why he repeatedly returns to his crumbling paperback edition of favorite book (March 3 Verlyn Klinkenborg Editorial Observer)')('2006030', 'Memo Pad column; Monthly traffic data show that domestic airline capacity, or number of seats available, dropped 3.5 percent while domestic revenue passenger miles rose 2.2 percent; London-based Millennium & Copthorne reports 87 percent average daily occupancy at its three Manhattan hotels in fourth quarter 2005, compared with 60.1 percent at rest of its US hotels and 72.3 percent worldwide; Virgin Atlantic expands for three years contract with Volvo to provide car service for its Upper Class business-class passengers in London (M)')('2006030', 'Political opponents of Rep Tom DeLay are using Mark Birnbaum and Jim Schermbeck documentary The Big Buy: How Tom DeLay Stole Congress in attempt to unseat him; film will be distributed by producer and liberal provocateur Robert Greenwald and is expected to be sponsored by liberal organizations including People for the American Way and Democracy for America; documentary will not follow traditional theatrical release, but will open in a few cities before being widely available on DVD; plan is to organize hundreds of house parties in May and June that will show documentary; photo (M)')('2006030', 'Q & A column describes relationship between earthworm and dandelion; drawing (M)')('2006030', 'Marshall Brooks letter touts wonderful feel and look of old paperback books (March 3 Verlyn Klinkenborg Editorial Observer)')('2006030', 'Washington Ballet reaches agreement with dancers union regarding new contract after canceling productions in February and March due to labor disputes (S)')('2006030', 'Roundup of recent advertising account changes (S)')('2006030', 'Article on choices that consumers may or may not really have when it comes to telecommunications services as AT&T moves closer to acquiring BellSouth; consumers groups contend that industry consolidation has reduced choice for most consumers who are not ready to abandon their traditional phone lines; broadband, DSL and cellphone services are becoming more popular while landline use is declining but services and reliability are not always equal; photo; graphs (M)')('2006030', "New York City police detectives search home of Darryl Littlejohn, bouncer at Falls bar, where John Jay College student Imette St Guillen was last seen alive; her body was discovered over week ago wrapped in comforter and dumped near Belt Parkway; police say they have tracked Littlejohn's cellphone that night to area that is near his home and where victim's body was found; Littlejohn's prior arrest record described; photo (M)")('2006030', 'Philip H Coombs, who championed promoting education and American culture as tools of democracy during Kennedy administration, dies at age 90 (M)')('2006030', 'Gary E Kaminski letter says it is shocking that March 4 editorial about cutting off financing to Hamas fails to mention occupation by Israel')('2006030', 'Annual report by League of American Theaters and Producers reports that in 2004-2005, Broadway shows were attended by 1.3 million visitors from abroad, compared with 525,834, historical low, in 2001-2002 (S)')('2006030', 'DaimlerChrysler, in report filed with Securities and Exchange Commission, says it dismissed or suspended several employees after internal investigation uncovered evidence that its executives paid bribes in Asia, Africa and Eastern Europe; says payments could violate German law as well as Foreign Corrupt Practices Act in US (M)')('2006030', 'New York Knicks coach Larry Brown and point guard Stephon Marbury once again use media to argue with one another (M)0')('2006030', 'Eathon G Hall Jr, innovative museum curator in New York and New Jersey, dies at age 40 (M)')('2006030', 'Kirby Puckett, Hall of Fame outfielder who appeared in 10 consecutive All-Star Games and led Minnesota Twins to World Series titles in 1987 and 1991, dies at age 45; photos (M)')('2006030', "Race between USA Network and TNT heated up in February's cable ratings; SpongeBob SquarePants special on Nickelodeon was most-watched basic cable show in February, drawing 8.56 million viewers (S)")('2006030', "Six-year-old Julian Geach drowns in icy pond while walking neighbor's dog in Sleepy Hollow, NY (S)")('2006030', "New Jersey Gov Jon S Corzine, speaking at daylong budget conference held at Rutgers University, stresses need to root out waste in order to balance budget; will be speaking at several events over next few weeks on ways to solve New Jersey's fiscal problems (M)")('2006030', 'New York City Mayor Michael R Bloomberg continues his push for education funding from New York State; has asked host of city officials and political supporters to raise awareness and persuade community boards to lobby state officials for $1.8 billion in aid for school construction projects (M)')('2006030', 'Analysts wonder, as General Motors sells most of its 21 percent stake in Suzuki Motor, whether move will be enough to appease disgrunted shareholders; speculate about what GM plans to do with its 7.9 percent stake in Isuzu Motors; say Suzuki might have to spread itself thin to come up with cash on short notice to buy its shares back from GM; sale, which will garner GM pretax profit of $550 million to $750 million, will leave it with more than 3 percent stake in Suzuki; photo (M)')('2006030', 'William Sarokin letter contends that isolating Hamas by cutting off financing for Palestinian government will ensure that it remains terrorist organization (March 4 editorial)')('2006030', "Meeting of Coalition of Mayors and County Executives for Immigration Reform, attended by estimated 100 officials from 30 states, finds common ground in denouncing Pres Bush's record on illegal immigration; coalition calls for border security and financial help to localities dealing most with problem (M)")('2006030', 'James S Sweitzer letter on Feb 28 article about space travel holds that United States should focus on unmanned missions in space')('2006030', 'Irene Lieban letter says she identified with March 3 Verlyn Klinkenborg Editorial Observer about paperback books')('2006030', "Family of New York Mets outfielder Lasting Milledge has followed him around country as he's played in minors and now Major Leagues; photos (M)")('2006030', 'Nassau County Executive Thomas R Suozzi, who is seeking New York State Democratic gubernatorial nomination, denies speculation that he will run on Republican line (S)')('2006030', 'Estimated 1.7 to 3.4 million American women have either been married to or are currently married to men who have sex with men; reasons that couples in this situation stay together discussed; Joe Kort, Michigan social worker who has counseled hundreds of gay married men, says that most consider themselves heterosexuals who have homosexual urges, which they may or may not act on; support groups for women dealing with situation discussed; photo (M)')('2006030', 'Dr Francis M Watson Jr letter on Feb 28 Cases column says that medical students often say that hypochondriacs ultimately die of organic disease')('2006030', 'Kate M Edwards, University of Birmingham School of Sport and Exercise Sciences research fellow, leads study on effectiveness of flu vaccine; research, which is published in journal Brain, Behavior and Immunity, finds that women under stress at time flu shot is administered get broader benefits from shot; cause is unknown (M)')('2006030', 'A combat artist for the Marines shares his experiences.')('2006030', 'Shares of the NYSE Group got a warm welcome Wednesday as the company formed from the New York Stock Exchange’s historic merger with Archipelago Holdings made its debut as a publicly owned enterprise. The stock ended its first session at $80, up nearly 25 percent from the previous day’s closing price for shares of Archipelago, […]')('2006030', 'Mario Gabelli’s legal troubles turned more serious on Wednesday when the Justice Department said it would join a civil fraud lawsuit against the famed money manager. The five-year-old private suit alleges that Mr. Gabelli, whose investment prowess has earned him the nickname “Super Mario” on Wall Street, created sham companies to bid for cellphone licenses […]')('2006030', 'For the final time (this Oscar season, at least), David Carr (a k a The Carpetbagger) goes to Times Square to share his thoughts on the end of the movie awards season. .')('2006030', "The L.A. Times took a look at the growth-inhibiting policies of Santa Barbara, Calif., and didn't come up with anything too surprising. Just this: • Soaring housing prices. With the supply so limited, prices last year rose faster than in any other region in the state. The median price of a single-family house is now [...]")('2006030', "A tip of the hat to the Seattle Bubble blog for finding this gem in the local newspaper: The market is taking longer to ramp up this year, Grady said. People are slower to put homes on the market, partly because of bad weather and distractions from the Super Bowl and the Olympics. That's right. [...]")('2006030', 'Micron Technology, the memory chip maker, plans to buy Lexar Media in a stock swap, pushing further into the market for so-called flash memory chips used in portable consumer gadgets. Micron shares were down about 2 percent Wednesday afternoon, putting the value of the transaction at $672 million. Go to Article in MarketWatch »')('2006030', 'Top executives regularly cash in when their companies get acquired thanks to “change in control” provisions in their contracts. But Michelle Leder of Footnoted.org notes that directors are getting into the act as well. Her examples come from the proxy statements of Dover Motorsports and Dover Downs Gaming and Entertainment, two companies controlled by Henry […]')('2006030', "Paul L. Kasriel, the director of economic research at Northern Trust Company in Chicago, disagrees with David Leonhardt's thesis that a declining real estate market isn't always a bad thing for a home owner. (Read David's provocative thesis in the New York Times here or read his blog posting about it here.) Mr. Kasriel says [...]")('2006030', 'The Boy in the Big Housing Bubble is showing his annoyance over on his blog about the appearances this week of David Bach on the CBS Morning Show as he promotes his book, "The Automatic Millionaire Homeowner." I\'ve commented on this book before, but Boy made some choice comments: The only trouble is, it\'s about [...]')('2006030', 'Where interest rates are headed is important to anyone following real estate. William Polley, who writes a well-regarded economics blog, tackles an explanation of the meaning of the inverted rate curve. To those who skip this topic every time I bring it up, the inverted curve is when long-term interest rates are lower than short-term [...]')('2006030', 'How else does one interpret the results of an L.A. Times/Bloomberg poll on what Americans think will happen to their real estate? Among the results of the nationwide poll of 2,563 adults: Nearly half of homeowners expected the price of their primary residence to rise 5% to 15% over the next three years. Twenty-five percent [...]')('2006030', 'VNU‘s agreement to sell itself for $9 billion to a consortium of private equity firms already has some shareholders irate. Fidelity International, one of its biggest shareholders, said Wednesday it was “unlikely to support this offer,” and Knight Vinke Asset Management, which controls about 2 percent of VNU, said it intends to reject the offer. […]')('2006030', 'As shares of NYSE Group pop out of the gate, we were interested to get the following numbers from Sandler O’Neill & Partners showing the fantastic returns booked by exchanges that went public in recent years. In the role normally played by a bubbly Internet stock, Chicago Mercantile Exchange Holding has seen its shares explode […]')('2006030', 'Forget the Scottish countryside and all her wellies: Stella Tennant likes to look slick now and then.')('2006030', 'For most kids, getting dressed is a chore. For Martha Wainwright, having a brother made it easier.')('2006030', 'Whether it is in the form of equity, high-yield bonds or leveraged loans, there is plenty of liquidity sloshing around the markets these days. The result, according to The Financial Times’ Lex column, is a kind of harmonic convergence for the financing of mergers and acquisitions. The abundance of options oils the machinery of deal-making […]')('2006030', 'Hedge fund Appaloosa Partners may be positioning itself to stir things up in the bankruptcy of auto-parts maker Dana Corporation. The fund, controlled by David Tepper, former head of junk-bond trading at Goldman Sachs, has taken a 14.8 percent equity stake in Dana, according to filings made Tuesday with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Appaloosa […]')('2006030', 'Readers respond to Thomas Friedman\'s March 8 column, "Letting India in the Club?" Paul Hosman, Kalamazoo, Mich.: When the world - particularly the Western world - puts in place political, economic and military barriers too daunting to be overcome legitimately, those suffering under oppressive policies have nowhere to turn other than to violence. When people [...]')('2006030', 'Wal-Mart Stores and Carrefour may face a third challenger in the race to acquire Trust-Mart, one of China’s leading retail chains. The Financial Times reports that Lianhua, the largest supermarket operator in China, has joined its United States and French rivals among the companies likely to submit preliminary bids for Trust-Mart by next week’s deadline. […]')('2006030', 'The Internet’s most closely watched company showed a bit too much leg last week. Google mistakenly posted internal financial projections on its Web site, the company said in a regulatory filing late Tuesday. Accidents happen, but this gaffe came barely a week after the search-engine heavyweight sought to “clarify” some not-so-rosy comments by its finance […]')('2006030', 'Shares of Linde, the German conglomerate, have risen on the BOC takeover, even though it may be value-destructive. Why? Because Linde is gearing up and breaking itself up – which adds value. Linde has scrunched the lot together to sell investors the deal. Go to Article from Breakingviews »')('2006030', 'Shares of Bon-Stores dipped on Tuesday, a day after the retailer closed on a $1.18 billion deal to purchase Carson Pirie Scott, Herberger’s and Bergner’s stores from Saks Inc. Go to Article from MarketWatch »')('2006030', 'Credit Agricole, France’s biggest bank, said profit more than doubled in the fourth quarter as rising stock markets fueled earnings from fund management and investment banking. Go to Article from Bloomberg News »')('2006030', 'Barclays Capital has named Russell Norton in a new post of director and head of commodities for Asia, handling its planned growth in sales and trading. He will be based in Singapore. Go to Article from FinanceAsia.com »')('2006030', 'With designer-handbag rental company Bag Borrow Or Steal Inc., investors are betting that upscale, fashion-conscious women will spend hundreds of dollars a month to borrow the newest Gucci or Chanel purse. Seattle-based Bag Borrow or Steal, which provides handbags via a monthly subscription service, raised an $8.25 million Series B round of funding. New investor […]')('2006030', 'Former Los Angeles Mayor James K. Hahn is taking charge of a planned $800 million investment fund designed to help expand affordable housing and other real estate development projects for the city. Mr. Hahn was named chief executive of the fund, which is being started by Chadwick Saylor & Co. The Los Angeles-based investment firm […]')('2006030', 'Continental Resources, an oil and gas company, filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on Tuesday to raise up to $575 million in an initial public offering of stock. The lead underwriters for the offering are J.P. Morgan and Merrill Lynch. Go to Article from Reuters via CNN Money »')('2006030', 'Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer is expected to announce on Wednesday several new agreements to distribute movies made by other producers, according to several people apprised of the announcement. MGM, owned by a consortium of media companies and private equity investors, is holding a news conference on Wednesday to discuss its plans and is portraying the new relationships as […]')('2006030', 'More than four years after Enron collapsed into bankruptcy and its name became synonymous with corporate scandal, the three men most associated with that fall gathered in a federal courtroom Tuesday and prepared to wage war. Andrew S. Fastow, the former chief financial officer and the Enron figure most vilified for the secretive transactions that […]')('2006030', 'The bankruptcy of Dana, a 102-year-old auto parts maker, gives Ford, General Motors and other American automakers a taste of their own medicine. Dana’s woes reflect the constant pressure from automakers for lower prices and more flexible payment terms, which have been crushing one parts maker after another. Go to Article from Bloomberg News » […]')('2006030', 'PNC Financial Services Group Inc. is adding a Minneapolis office for its Harris Williams & Co. subsidiary. It is the second expansion since PNC acquired the Richmond, Va.-based mergers and acquisition advisory firm last October. A Philadelphia office was added in January 2006. Go to Article from The Pittsburgh Business Times » Go to Article […]')('2006030', 'Devcon International Corp. said it and a subsidiary have completed their merger with Guardian International for $65.5 million. The Deerfield Beach-based security, construction and materials firm said Guardian provides security services throughout Florida and the greater New York metropolitan area. Go to Article from The South Florida Business Journal »')('2006030', 'Citigroup said yesterday that it was blocking transactions on bank cards used in three countries, the latest sign of a card system breach that has prompted a number of banks to reissue thousands of debit cards. Go to Article from The New York Times »')('2006030', 'In a packed courtroom on Tuesday, Calisto Tanzi, the founder and former chairman of Parmalat, said he felt “pain and remorse” for his role in the company’s collapse, but mostly blamed the company’s banks for fostering a druglike dependence on credit. Go to Article from The New York Times »')('2006030', 'Reservoir Capital Group, a $2.8 billion hedge-fund firm, has invested $100 million in Octavian Advisors LP, a new fund that will sniff out “special situations” in overseas markets. Octavian will be run by Richard Hurowitz and Gregory Racz out of Reservoir’s Madison Avenue headquarters in New York. Go to Article from MarketWatch » Go to […]')('2006030', 'Looking to get his new venture firm off the ground, veteran venture capitalist Gordon Hull said that he has begun raising a $75 million tech fund, VentureWire reported. Hull left CMEA Ventures as general partner in December to launch Emeryville, Calif.-based Global Reach Ventures LLC, and recently began speaking to potential investors for the fund. […]')('2006030', 'American International Group’s former chief executive, Maurice Greenberg, and his lawyers have received an internal report that uncovered accounting fraud at the insurer. Mr. Greenberg had been requesting the report so he can defend himself against civil charges of fraud brought by New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer last May. Go to Article from Reuters […]')('2006030', 'The federal government and some current and former professional football players want to know what happened to the hundreds of millions of dollars that the players and hundreds of other investors poured into a Georgia hedge-fund group. Before they can find the money, they have to find Kirk Wright. Days after Wright and his company, […]')('2006030', 'VNU, the Dutch owner of market researcher ACNielsen and Billboard magazine, accepted a 7.5 billion-euro ($8.9 billion) offer from a group of buyout firms including Blackstone Group and Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Company. Breakingviews notes that VNU has managed to squeeze a slightly better price from its private equity suitors than originally indicated. But, it […]')('2006030', 'Flotations of mutual insurers, such as that planned for Standard Life later this year, have been good for directors but bad for policyholders. That is the controversial conclusion of an All-Party Parliamentary report published today, called “Windfalls or Shortfalls? The true cost of demutualisation”. Go to Article from The Telegraph »')('2006030', 'Lakshmi Mittal, the Indian steel baron bidding for the European giant Arcelor, says that his family will consider making its voting rights in Mittal Steel equivalent to those of other shareholders if its contentious takeover bid for Arcelor were successful. His remarks, the first he has made publicly on the issue, reflect a recognition that […]')('2006030', 'Energy-focused investor ArcLight Energy Partners is near a deal to purchase MYR Group Inc., a utility construction unit of public energy concern FirstEnergy Corp., said a person briefed on the transaction. Boston-based ArcLight is deploying its $1.6 billion ArcLight Energy Partners Fund II LP, which closed in 2004, according to the Federal Trade Commission, which […]')('2006030', 'BCE Inc. ramped up its corporate makeover Tuesday with plans to spin off Aliant Inc.’s land-line business into an income trust that would create one of North America’s biggest rural telecommunications companies. The trust is expected to have a market capitalization of about $8.5 billion. So far, it does not have a name, but BCE […]')('2006030', 'The rapid growth in China’s construction sector as well as the current liquidity- and sentiment-driven appetite for Chinese paper are likely to be key themes during the road show for China National Building Material Co’s initial public offering that was launched yesterday. Go to Article from FinanceAsia.com »')('2006030', 'Spanish electricity companyEndesa said on Tuesday its board had unanimously rejected a hostile takeover bid from energy company Gas Natural. Go to Article from Reuters »')('2006030', 'A California judge has allowed Overstock.com Inc. to proceed with its suit against Gradient Analytics Inc. and Rocker Partners LP, Overstock said Tuesday evening. Superior Court Judge Vernon Smith in Marin County, a San Francisco suburb, denied the defendants’ motions to dismiss the suit under the anti-strategic lawsuits against public participation (SLAPP) statute. Go to […]')('2006030', 'Richard Grasso, the former chairman of the New York Stock Exchange, said Tuesday it was too late to settle a lawsuit filed by New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer over his controversial $193 million pay package. Go to Article from Reuters via CNN Money » The wrestling match among Wall Street titans is fascinating the […]')('2006030', 'Stanford Law School said Monday that it has received a $10 million donation from legendary venture capitalist Arthur Rock and his wife, Toni Rembe, to support study of corporate governance. The donation will create the Arthur and Toni Rembe Rock Center for Corporate Governance at Stanford, and is significant because it is the first such […]')('2006030', 'Could this be the year when leveraged buyouts become common place in China? Lawyers at Paul, Hastings, Janofsky & Walker, who advise on such deals, say 2006 may be a big year for the LBO scene in the mainland. They saythat as foreign investors vie to put money and their expertise in Chinese companies, there […]')('2006030', 'Public companies are getting a lot more comfortable being wooed by private suitors – because of the dowry. And they’re getting a lot more demanding,too. The ability to hunt in packs is letting private equity firms take on larger targets, and the financial commitments they’re providing are convincing companies that private buyers are as suitable […]')('2006030', 'Onfolio Inc., a privately held Cambridge company that makes software enabling Web surfers to store pages, pictures, and other Internet content and retrieve it later, has been acquired by Microsoft Corp. for an undisclosed sum, the companies are expected to disclose this morning. Onfolio’s browser-based software will become part of a new Windows Live Toolbar […]')('2006030', 'British trade union leaders on Tuesday called for the government to intervene and stop the move abroad of another “strategic asset,” after BOC, the industrial gases company, confirmed that it had agreed to an 8.2 billion pound bid from Linde of Germany. The call follows a rush of bids for British companies in recent months […]')('2006030', 'In a major hiring coup, Goldman Sachs has taken a team of five from UBS‘s highly regarded real estate group. The team is led by Michael Smith, who will become Goldman Sachs head of real estate investment banking and joins as a managing director. He was previously head of real estate at UBS and has […]')('2006030', 'Alan Greenspan has agreed to sell his memoir for an advance of more than $8.5 million. But given that Mr. Greenspan’s notoriously opaque statements as Federal Reserve chairman sometimes confused even the closest observers of monetary policy, it remains to be seen whether he can write a book that appeals to a large general-interest audience. […]')('2006030', 'Why do some “shareholder activists” — fund managers who scoop up large stakes in a company and then campaign for changes — walk away victorious, while others retreat with little to show for their hard work? The answer, in a word, is investors. One thing the successful campaigns have in common: they got big, normally […]')('2006030', 'Shares of the KT&G, a South Korean tobacco maker threatened with a hostile takeover, rose after Franklin Mutual Advisors, its largest foreign shareholder, decided to support Carl Icahn’s and Warren Lichtenstein’s board nominees and seek higher dividends. KT&G management needs support after the American investors threatened to take an offer valuing the company at $10 […]')('2006030', 'Today, the New York Stock Exchange begins its ultimate market test, as shares of the new public company, the NYSE Group, begin trading under the ticker NYX. The debate is whether the stock will become the next Chicago Mercantile Exchange, whose skyrocket rise since its initial public offering in December 2002 rivals Google’s, or whether […]')('2006030', 'There is one clear winner in AT&T’s $67 billion acquisition ofBellSouth : Edward Whitacre, the AT&T chief executive who pushed the deal through. With what almost certainly is his final Baby Bell acquisition — Qwest Communications isn’t worth his trouble, and even Bush-era laissez faire regulators might balk if he tried to buy Verizon — […]')('2006030', 'As the Bush administration re-examines a proposal to allow Dubai Ports World to take over operations at some American ports, executives from unrelated businesses have quietly begun lobbying in Dubai’s favor, fearing that recent fierce criticism could damage trade with the United Arab Emirates. Some corporate groups are also planning public moves to smooth relations […]')('2006030', 'Lala.com, a Palo Alto, Calif., start-up, is launching a service that is a mix of social networking, Internet swap meet and music store. It’s MySpace.com meets eBay meets iTunes. Lala.com, which has $9 million in venture backing from Bain Capital Ventures and Ignition Partners, presents itself as an online music co-op that allows members to […]')('2006030', 'With billions of dollars to deploy on leveraged buyouts and distressed-debt deals, Cerberus Capital Management already carries considerable clout on Wall Street. Now it is taking aim at K Street as well. Cereberus, which has more than $14 billion under management, has registered as a lobbyist, according to documents filed with the Senate’s Office of […]')('2006030', 'Madeleine Bunting\'s thoughts on the ways in which "a bias against having babies has permeated our culture" is meant to apply to the culture of the United Kingdom, but her analysis in London\'s Guardian of the phenomenon she calls "anti-natalism" seems perfectly applicable to the United States, even if U.S. birth rates are higher than [...]')('2006030', "Mr. President, build up that wall: Robert J. Samuelson dissents from the pro-immigration consensus among elite opinion-makers. He writes in his Washington Post column: It's time to build a real fence or a wall along every foot of the 1,989 miles of the U.S.-Mexican border. There can be only two arguments against this approach to [...]")('2006030', 'The Bagger had a very successful red-eye - he got on the plane with 90 minutes of nigh-nigh under his belt in the past 24 hours and he only woke up when the captain said that the flight attendants should be seated for arrival. He made a quick trip through work and then went into [...]')('2006030', 'Calling the Sunday night Oscars, "the most boring show ever," Elton John was again ragging on the Academy Awards, suggesting that the proceedings were "predictable" and that the Kodak Theater was "the pits." The Bagger was working during the show, but the parts he saw seemed just fine and all. Still, he will have to [...]')('2006030', 'A columnist at CNN who used the futures contracts on various Oscar picks ended up in the ditch after "Crash" won best picture and George Clooney won best supporting actor: Futures contracts were pointing to a "Brokeback Mountain" Best Picture win on offshore betting Web sites like Intrade.com and Tradesports.com, where "investors" put up real [...]')('2006030', "Hank Stuever and William Booth, a pair of aces from the Washington Post, went to the Oscar parties so you didn't have to. And boy, do those boys know their way around a party and around a party story. A classic of the form: Understand that we are mostly blase about famous people, see 'em [...]")('2006030', 'OscarWatch.com pointed us to this pained yelp from The Film Experience about the dissing of "Brokeback" and with it, a key demo for the Oscars. In the context of the Academy Awards it feels like a gilded knife in the back. After all, who loves the Oscars more than gay people? That may read as [...]')('2006030', 'Selborne Journal: 8 March 1759: Continual rain all day. VK: Continual rain, and, it is worth remembering, no TV, no stereo, no iPod. No computer, no Internet, no video-games, no hand-held games. No cell-phone, no land-line. No refrigerator or freezer or gas range. No lights except a cluster of candles or a rush-light–a dried, stripped [...]')('2006030', "In this lesson, students learn about a rift between Russia, the United States, and Europe over Iran's uranium enrichment-related activities. They then adopt the roles of agencies and countries involved in diplomatic talks with Iran to stage a mock summit regarding Iran's nuclear program.")('2006030', 'New York Knicks defeat Indiana Pacers, 107-92; photo (M)3')('2006030', 'New book Game of Shadows: Barry Bonds, Balco and the Steroids Scandal That Rocked Professional Sports alleges that Bonds used steroids because he was jealous of hard-hitting Mark McGwire in late 1990s; photos (M)')('2006030', 'Ken Smith, executive chef of Upperline in New Orleans, makes duck and andouille etouffee; recipe; photos (L)')('2006030', 'Shares of Krispy Kreme Doughnuts surge nearly 21 percent after company names Daryl Brewster chief executive; chairman James Morgan cautions it is too early to forecast return to profitability (M)')('2006030', "New York City police continue to hold bar employee Darryl Littlejohn on parole violation; Littlejohn is focus of investigation into murder of Imette St Guillen, who was last seen at The Falls, bar where Littlejohn worked; police remove items from Littlejohn's apartment and his DNA is being compared with crime scene evidence; prepare to search van for links to Littlejohn and murder; photo (M)")('2006030', "Photo of Connecticut University's win over West Virginia University to win Big East women's tournament")('2006030', "James Ivy letter says Americans do not fear engagement with world, rather they are tired of Pres Bush's brutal and incompetent imperialism (March 5 David Brooks Op-Ed column)")('2006030', 'Jenny Anderson Market Place column on debate over whether New York Stock Exchange, which is about to begin trading as public company, NYSE Group, will become as popular among investors as Chicago Mercantile Exchange or whether any run-up in value has already taken place (M)')('2006030', "Letter from Mansoor Suhail, press minister of Pakistan Mission to United Nations, defends Pres Bush's trip to Pakistan; says war on terrorism will not be won without Pakistan's support (March 3 editorial)")('2006030', 'Matt Gray letter recalls rejecting pre-school that had admissions process because he and his wife found it distasteful and judgmental (March 3 article); drawing')('2006030', 'Paul Adams describes his failed effort to cook an egg standing between two cellphones, cooking technique he got from Internet; notes, however, that he has cooked delicious eggs poached in dishwasher, fried under hot iron and coddled in drip coffee maker (S)')('2006030', 'Dairy farmers in Sullivan County, NY, will have opportunity to process their milk into cheese with help of CheeseMobile, trailer with New York State-approved custom-built dairy plant inside; 12-foot-by-36-foot unit has processing facility in front--complete with boiler, air handler, sinks and coolers--and cheese cave in back, comprising all necessary equipment to make, package and age cheese; photos (L)')('2006030', "Big East men's tournament brackets (M)B")('2006030', "'DEÿ")('2006030', 'Citigroup blocks transactions on bank cards in Canada, Britain and Russia after detecting unspecified number of fraudulent cash withdrawals from automated teller machines; Bank of America, Wells Fargo and Washington Mutual take similar steps; all say they will provide new cards to customers whose accounts were compromised; industry executives say debit card information, including personal identification numbers, was obtained through breach of computer files at OfficeMax (M)')('2006030', 'Red Bull looks to buy MetroStars team (M)')('2006030', 'NFL owners consider players union proposal for new collective bargaining agreement (M)s')('2006030', 'Report on tutoring companies, rushing to tap into money available under federal No Child Left Behind Law, assails companies for doling out gifts to students and hiring several workers with criminal backgrounds; finds some school officials improperly gave companies confidential information on schoolchildren that companies used to track down prospective students; report covers 2003-4 and 2004-5 school years and, while some issues have been addressed, complaints are still being received (M)')('2006030', 'Dr Ray Harron, son, Dr Andrew Harron and Drs James Ballard and George Martindale and N&M Screening chief executive Heath Mason are scheduled to appear before House Energy and Commerce subcommittee to answer questions about how patients diagnosed with silicosis were screened and how it was determined they had disease; intensifying investigations into validity of silicosis claims are having spillover effect in litigation involving asbestos and other suspected hazards (M)')('2006030', 'Letter from nursery school director Wendy Levey scores admissions process for pre-school (March 3 article)')('2006030', 'New York State legislators promote two bills that will require many businesses to provide health insurance for workers that lack it; move comes after similar legislation passed in Maryland that was aimed more narrowly at Wal-Mart, which has long been accused of offering meager benefits; similar bills are emerging in more than 20 states (M)')('2006030', "Controversy erupts over Yale Law Journal's invitation to Kiwi Camara to speak at symposium; Camara, contributor to journal, had posted racist term for blacks online in 2002; Camara has apologized, but incident continues to dog him (M)")('2006030', 'Photo of Ringling Brothers and Barnum & Bailey Circus arriving at East Rutherford, NJ')('2006030', 'Murray Chass On Baseball column contends that pitch count limits placed on World Baseball Classic led to fast game between Mexico and US, which lasted only 2 hours 6 minutes; photo (M)')('2006030', "Second round of cleaning is scheduled for Vado Diomande's Manhattan apartment after it tests positive again for anthrax spores; photo (S)")('2006030', 'Rev John Stott, considered by many as one of most important figures in evangelical Christianity over last half-century, preaches at St James Episcopal Church, New York; in age of mega-churches, Stott is not well known outside evangelical circles; profile; photo (M)')('2006030', 'Executives from unrelated businesses are quietly lobbying in favor of Dubai as Bush administration re-examines proposal to allow Dubai Ports World to take over operations at some American ports; American Business Group of Abu Dhabi reportedly plans to send delegation to Washington to speak to lawmakers; many American companies have operated in United Arab Emirates for several years, often with American employees, and they are relying on region for some of their growth; photo (M)')('2006030', 'New York Mets defeat Houston Astros, 7-1, in exhibition game; photos (M)4')('2006030', 'New York State Nassau Interim Finance Authority critcizes plan by county to borrow money to bail out county-subsidized agency that operates hospital and nursing home (S)')('2006030', 'Gov George E Pataki and Mayor Michael R Bloomberg will announce recipients of more than $27 million in federal grants to 63 arts and civic organizations; grants will be funneled through Lower Manhattan Development Corp with goal of reviving cultural activity in downtown Manhattan; some downtown arts groups have repeatedly expressed frustration over time taken for corporation to make good on its 2002 pledge to help cultural institutions affected by Sept 11 terrorist attack; map (M)')('2006030', 'Former New York City police detective Brian Tuitt pleads guilty to sexually assaulting two girls, ages 7 and 12, in Bronx; agrees to serve concurrent prison terms of 10 years and 7 years; has also pleaded guilty to similar charges involving six other girls in Westchester and Orange Counties (M)')('2006030', 'Number of chickens contaminated with salmonella is up 80 percent since 2000, mainly because Agriculture Department lacks legal authority to enforcement standards; Sen Tom Harkin has failed in five attempts to have Congress give department added authority over contaminated meat and poultry; department says it does not need additional power (M)')('2006030', "New York City Opera announces season lineup that will include new productions of Handel's Semele, Donizetti's L'Elisir d'Amore, Mozart's Cosi Fan Tutte, Rossini's La Donna del Lago and Gilbert and Sullivan's Pirates of Penzance; Julius Rudel will return to conduct at City Opera for first time in 25 years; photo (S)")('2006030', 'Angelo Prisco, Michael Visconti and John Cappelli are charged with threatening electrical contractor to force him to drop job in favor of another contractor in 2004 in New Jersey (S)')('2006030', "Rutgers University president Richard L McCormick outlines plan to consolidate women's Douglass College with Livingston, Rutgers and University Colleges under umbrella of single school, renamed Mabel Smith Douglass Residential College; plan is designed to streamline cumbersome academic structure; Cook College will become School of Environmental and Biological Sciences (M)")('2006030', 'Roman Catholic Diocese of Brooklyn will close one elementary school in Brooklyn and one in Queens because of declining enrollment and financial problems (S)')('2006030', 'NFL teams adjust player contracts in anticipation of salary cap deadline, which may come before NFL owners and players union reach agreement on new collective bargaining agreement; photo (M)')('2006030', "Eric Asimov column on Irish whiskey; tasting panel's report; photo (M)")('2006030', 'Ali Farka Toure, self-taught Grammy Award-winning Malian guitarist and songwriter, dies at age 66 or 67; photo (M)')('2006030', 'George Vecsey Sports of The Times column discusses latest allegations that San Francisco Giants outfielder Barry Bonds used steroids, which come as national teams play in World Baseball Classic (M)')('2006030', 'New York Yankees player Bernie Williams plays for Puerto Rico at World Baseball Classic; Puerto Rico defeated Panama, 2-1; photo (M)')('2006030', 'New York City settles for about $7 million class-action suit brought by taxicab drivers who were penalized without having been granted hearings for showing bias toward passengers; fight was prompted by 1999 complaint by actor Danny Glover that five taxicabs refused to stop for him because he is black (M)')('2006030', 'Erik Tkal letter says many Iraqis perceive American invasion as unjustified (March 5 David Brooks Op-Ed column)')('2006030', 'Dominican Republic defeats Venezuela, 11-5, in first round of World Baseball Classic; photo (M)')('2006030', 'Peter Meehan reviews Little Dishes, restaurant in Park Slope, Brooklyn; photo ($25 and Under column) (M)')('2006030', 'Dana Reeve, singer and actress who devoted herself to care of paralyzed husband Christopher Reeve and became advocate for research into spinal cord injuries, dies at age 44; photo (M)')('2006030', 'Bill Cole letter comments on March 5 David Brooks Op-Ed column on American isolationism')('2006030', 'Article on work being undertaken by CIM Group of Los Angeles to renovate rundown 80,000-square-foot office building on Highland Avenue in Hollywood; CIM says it has received substantial interest from entertainment-related companies looking for space in building; photos (M)')('2006030', "General Motors, in decision that will cut pension costs by $1.6 billion this year and lead to lower benefits for workers, freezes defined-benefits pension plan and shifts to less-expensive retirement program for 42,000 salaried workers in US; benefits of GM's retired salaried workers are not affected and neither are those of active or retired members of United Automobile Workers union; photo (M)")('2006030', "New restaurants in New York include Cafe d'Alsace, A Voce and Buddakan (S)")('2006030', 'Sculptor Deborah Fisher works on piece at Socrates Sculpture Park in Queens; photo (M)')('2006030', "Letter from Taiwan Information Minister Chen Wen-Tsang defends Pres Chen Shui-bian's decision to cease functioning of National Unification Council; says council was not empowered by legislature and has no constitutional relevance (March 1 article)")('2006030', 'Profile of and interview with singer James Hunter, who hopes to cross over into American music scene after release of two albums in England; photo (M)')('2006030', 'Arts, Briefly; Black Anchor')('2006030', 'Study conducted by researchers from University of Michigan and Harvard University, published in current issue of Health Affairs journal, concludes that some oncologists who are more generously reimbursed are prompted to use more expensive chemotherapy drugs on patients with metastatic breast, colorectal and lung cancer; unlike other physicians, cancer doctors are paid for cost of chemotherapy drugs given intravenously in their offices, even though they frequently purchase drugs at lower prices than what they are reimbursed by insurance companies (M)')('2006030', "New York City Mayor Michael R Bloomberg convenes special commission to develop strategies for helping city's poorest residents; Commission for Economic Opportunity will be led by Richard D Parsons and Geoffrey Canada (S)")('2006030', "SG Chappaqua, new owners of Reader's Digest headquarters in Chappaqua, NY, are subdividing sections not leased back to Reader's Digest into office space and seeking new tenants; primary targets are corporations in search of alternatives to Midtown Manhattan's crowded and expensive office market; photo (M)")('2006030', "Jack Nargundkar letter disagrees with March 7 editorial on Pres Bush's nuclear deal with India; says it is imperative for American and global security")('2006030', 'Elements of testimony given by former chief financial officer Andrew Fastow at criminal trial of former bosses at Enron appear at odds with other information that has developed in case, including sworn statements given in another trial by Michael Kopper; Kopper was government witness in 2004 trial of group of former Merrill Lynch and Enron executives who worked on illegal deal known as Nigerian barge transaction (M)')('2006030', 'Computer failure at radar center in Ronkonkoma, NY, causes delays for New York-bound flights; flights resume, but with 15 miles between planes instead of usual five (S)')('2006030', 'Marilyn Russo letter suggests wealthy parents struggling with pre-school admission should reorder their priorities (March 3 article)')('2006030', 'Jean Cocteau Repertory, New York City classical theater troupe, decides to merge with Ego Po Productions and Catskill Mountain Foundation amid financial worries and shrinking subscriber base; change also completes artistic and administrative overhaul of company; new company will be called EgoPo/Cocteau; Lane Savadore, founder of Ego Po, will act as artistic director; photo (M)')('2006030', 'Stuart Elliott Advertising column assesses some of best and worst Oscar telecast commercials; photo (M)')('2006030', 'Arts, Briefly; Chai')('2006030', 'Mark Bittman column on cooking spareribs in oven; recipe (M)')('2006030', "Twelves women who make up Dames of Beef--also known as Dames du Boeuf--get together every few months to patronize New York City's vanishing old-school restaurants; favor places with sense of history and glamour, even if former is sketchy and latter has faded; dress the part, donning vintage cothing culled from years of diligent thrift shopping; range in age from mid-30's to late 40's; photos (L)")('2006030', 'New York Yankees defeat Minnesota Twins, 5-0, in exhibition game (S)')('2006030', 'Construction worker Anthony Duncan dies when wall collapses on him at Brooklyn building site; property owner is cited for violations; photo (M)')('2006030', 'ESPN rejects bid to share announcer Dick Vitale with CBS for NCAA tournament (S)3')('2006030', 'Brooklyn trial of Kayson Pearson and Troy Hendrix for murder of Ramona Moore teeters near second mistrial when juror with sick daughter has to decide whether to return to jury duty; teenage girl testifies that she was abducted and raped by defendants, who told her of killing girl night before (M)')('2006030', 'One-quart silicone strainer collapses for storage; photo (S)')('2006030', "Connecticut University women's basketball team defeats West Virginia University, 50-44, to win Big East tournament; photo (M)4")('2006030', "Big East men's basketball tournament could seed 10 teams in NCAA tournament, since all programs performed very well this season; diagram (M)")('2006030', 'Vandhana Rao letter calls trend in fashion world toward erasing faces of female models misogynistic (March 1 article)')('2006030', 'Defense shows tape of 1999 meeting between John A Gotti and his imprisoned father John J Gotti in which, defense says, John A Gotti withdraws from life of organized crime before being indicted in current case; time element is crucial to current case because prosecution must show Gotti committed at least one final act of racketeering in five years before being indicted (M)')('2006030', 'Double episode of 24 draws 12.98 million viewers and propels Fox to win night among 18 to 49-year-olds for first Monday of season; photo (S)')('2006030', 'New York Islanders defeat New Jersey Devils, 2-1, in shootout (M)2')('2006030', 'Hurricane Katrina evacuee Donna Fenton continues to struggle with bureauracy five months after being placed with 20 other evacuee families in Queens Ramada hotel; finds job and apartment but cannot sign lease because of uncertainty about promised rental assistance from Federal Emergency Management Agency would arrive; photo (M)')('2006030', "Ed McGuire letter contends it is role of leadership to help Americans understand need to 'integrate' with all nations; says fear-mongering does not help situation (March 5 David Brooks Op-Ed column)")('2006030', "New Jersey officials call for stricter international security measures to allay fears caused by Dubai government-owned DP World's move into American ports; New Jersey has filed two suits related to Dubai deal (M)")('2006030', 'Ari Weitzner letter lauds Pres Bush for nuclear deal with India and recognizing that Nonproliferation Treaty has been failure (March 7 editorial)')('2006030', "Union of Concerned Scientists confirms that meat and milk from cows fed only grass have higher levels of omega-3's, beneficial fatty acids, than meat and milk from cows raised conventionally, on grain (S)")('2006030', 'Federal Magistrate Steven M Gold in Brooklyn orders government lawyers to guarantee in writing that United States was not secretly monitoring communications between Muslim immigrants and their lawyers in suit against former Attorney General John Ashcroft and other top officials; plaintiffs in case are Muslim immigrants swept up in New York area after Sept 11, detained for months and deported after being cleared of links to terrorism (M)')('2006030', 'Photo of US win over Mexico in first round of World Baseball Classic')('2006030', "Hanco's Vietnamese sandwich shop opens on Smith Street in Boerum Hill; photo (S)")('2006030', "Raghu Sundaram letter defends Pres Bush's nuclear deal with India based on its political and economic structure (March 7 editorial)")('2006030', 'New York City settles suit with online cigarette vendor that will allow city to pursue residents for up to $33 million in unpaid taxes (S)')('2006030', 'Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer reportedly will announce several new agreements to distribute movies made by Weinstein Co, Bauer Martinez Entertainment and Lakeshore Entertainment; is expected to portray new relationships as reinvigoration of MGM (M)')('2006030', 'Photo of Hurricane Katrina evacuee Donna Fenton at Queens hotel, where she has lived for months')('2006030', "China's state media praises director Ang Lee for his Academy Award for best director for film Brokeback Mountain, but censors his acceptance speech to cut out references to Taiwan and homosexuality (S)")('2006030', "New York Sen Hillary Rodham Clinton is locking up some of Democratic Party's top fund-raisers, in move that party officials and strategists say seems intended to complicate efforts of potential rivals in 2008 presidential election; Clinton and advisers insist only focus is on re-election to Senate; money she is raising can be used after Senate re-election bid for presidential run; photos (M)")('2006030', "Sen Arlen Specter letter takes issue with March 6 editorial on illegal wiretapping; says his public statements emphasize proposition that wiretapping violates Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act; says his bill calls upon FISA court to determine program's constitutionality, but specifically does not grant 'legal cover' to wiretapping")('2006030', 'Dandelion greens, early hint of spring, are showing up now on produce stands; photo (S)')('2006030', "Boldface column; scene described at Independent Spirit Awards ceremony in Los Angeles; Entertainment Weekly holds Academy Awards viewing party at Elaine's in New York City (M)")('2006030', 'Correction of March 1 Pour column about white Bordeaux')('2006030', 'Sheila Feit letter comments on March 3 article about pre-school admissions standards in New York')('2006030', 'Intel Corp unveils new design for powerful, energy-efficient computer chips it hopes will help it gain back market share it has lost to Advanced Micro Devices; Intel will begin shipping chip in second half of year (M)')('2006030', 'VNU, Dutch publishing and market research company, is near deal to be sold to consortium of private equity investors for about $9 billion in cash (M)')('2006030', 'Upcoming season at Jazz at Lincoln Center will revolve around theme innovations in jazz; new schedule is departure from purist approach of seasons past and will open with tribute to John Coltrane on what would have been his 80th birthday; also featured will be Cecil Taylor, John Zorn and Marcus Miller; photos (M)')('2006030', "United States Green Building Council certifies 7 World Trade Center as first office tower in New York City to be 'green,' or energy efficient (S)")('2006030', "Feta, Greece's national cheese, is awarded 'protected designation of origin status' by European Court; designation means that in Europe name feta can be applied only to those cheeses created by traditional methods within specific regions in Greece; photos; recipes (M)")('2006030', 'Frank Bruni reviews Blaue Gans, Austro-German bistro in TriBeCa; photo (M)')('2006030', 'Florence Fabricant article gives recipe for chocolate Irish whiskey cake (S)')('2006030', 'Gordon Parks, photographer, filmmaker and writer who chronicled African-American experience and retold his own personal history, dies at age 93; photos (M)')('2006030', "With my one-year mark for this deployment only days away, I can't help but reflect upon all that has happened. On Jan. 2, 2005, I received a call from the Army's Human Resources Command asking me to volunteer for a one year deployment to Iraq. I was mulling this over for a few seconds while [...]")('2006030', 'A consortium has emerged to buy Univision: Grupo Televisa, Venevision, Providence Equity Partners, Madison Dearborn Partners and Haim Saban have teamed up, people involved in the bid tell DealBook. The group may prove to be the bidder to beat because Televisa has a contract through 2017 to provide Univision with programming that could be pivotal […]')('2006030', 'It seemed all but inevitable that Dubai Ports World would give up control of its port terminals in the United States — acquired through its purchase of Peninsular and Oriental Steam Navigation — in order to end the agony of a new security review in Washington. The question, now that the Dubai-controlled buyer has cried […]')('2006030', 'Anyone wondering why real estate investment trusts keep getting bought at large premiums should take a closer look at Blackstone Group‘s $5.6 billion acquisition of CarrAmerica this week. To help fund the deal, Blackstone is taking out a whopping $4.25 billion of debt financing, writes Nicholas Yulico of TheStreet.com. The deal structure shows how REITs, […]')('2006030', 'Martin Lipton, the takeover lawyer who founded Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz, has recently been on a crusade against hedge funds and activists. In his latest missive to his clients on March 7, he offers a six-step plan to eradicate all those pesky shareholders. We’ve got the memo and found a couple of his suggestions […]')('2006030', 'It is probably just coincidence. But on Thursday, there was a new entry on help-wanted Web site Craigslist announcing an opening at Google, whose problems with “click fraud” and inadvertent leaks of sales forecasts have been endlessly discussed of late: Google has an immediate need for a process & compliance specialist with a passion for […]')('2006030', 'Will the 40-year mortgage \xad– for many years a niche market \xad– eventually move into the lending mainstream? Realty Times, the online real estate publication, suggests in an article that it just might happen. The article notes that demand for 30-year bonds, which went on sale last month after a five-year hiatus, has been brisk [...]')('2006030', 'Combining two national passions — doughnuts and ice hockey — Tim Hortons carries a natural fascination for citizens of Canada. And with Wendy’s International preparing an initial public offering for the coffee-shop chain, named after founder and hockey legend Tim Horton, Canadians are apparently clamoring to get shares in the I.P.O. But have any of […]')('2006030', 'If the private equity consortium trying to buy VNU is blocked by shareholders, they get a nice big $30 million consolation prize. Our mergers and acquisitions reporter in London, Heather Timmons, just brought this to our attention: Don’t feel too bad for the private equity firms just yet. If nothing else, the months that they […]')('2006030', 'Is there anything Wall Street can’t spin off? Agilent Technologies, whose $2.16 billion split from Hewlett-Packard churned up $91.8 million in underwriting fees in 1999, filed with securities regulators on Thursday to cut loose its money-losing chip testing subsidiary. (Like Agilent, the new spinoff has one of those synthetic names that sounds vaguely familiar: Verigy.) […]')('2006030', 'Critics of motor racing object that it leads to reckless driving. But there are theories that few people are as aware of the dangers of highway accidents as a highly trained racing car driver. You kind of wonder sometimes, though, when you hear about Formula One drivers receiving tickets for speeding at speeds most of [...]')('2006030', 'Business Week floats a clever thought on how to fix Cendant: take it private. Pointing out that Henry Silverman , Cendant’s chief executive, is a former Blackstone Group partner, the magazine said he even “half-jokingly threw out a $25 billion to $30 billion price tag in a recent conference call.” Cendant’s cash flow-centric businesses lend […]')('2006030', 'The news in hedge fund land isn’t getting better. The Greenwich-Van Global Hedge Fund Index preliminarly reported returns of 0.10 percent in February. That’s not horrible – the S&P and Dow Jones Index were positive, but only barely. However, it does not bode well for all those fund that haven’t kept up with the market […]')('2006030', 'A group led by private equity firm Evercore Capital Partners is buying Davis Petroleum, the oil company of the late Los Angeles billionaire Marvin Davis, for $150 million. And they seem to be in a tremendous hurry.')('2006030', 'Both traditional journalism and Formula One racing have at least one thing in common: they are sometimes accused of being too elitist. A reader of a newspaper rarely has a chance to guide a journalist into doing a specific story. Letters to the editor are a potluck affair; their publication depends on the decision of [...]')('2006030', 'This game never gets old. If you live in one of the still extravagantly priced coastal markets, you can weep when you see what your money could buy if you were just willing to give up your cramped studio and move to the heartland. If you live in the midwest, you can gasp at what [...]')('2006030', 'Weil Gotshal & Manges has passed the $1 billion mark for fees, according to Legal Week. It becomes “the seventh US firm to break the one billion dollar barrier for fee income,” Legal Week reported. Weil Gotschal said it had a 12 percent increase in its revenues from $908 million to $1.02 billion while average […]')('2006030', 'Last year was a record for outsized bonuses on Wall Street. Goldman Sachs famously handed out $11 billion in extra cash at Christmas time. So it is with some interest that we noticed a survey, albeit a completely unscientific one, conducted by the London Web site Here Is the City about how bankers felt about […]')('2006030', '(Tony Cenicola/The New York Times) As a friend scanned the lunch menu at the Cafe at Country recently, I noticed her eyes spark. Then, literally a second later, that glimmer of excitement and joy vanished. "I was going to get the scallops," she said, explaining what had made her light up. And the cause of [...]')('2006030', 'Morgan Stanley‘s newly fancified “global wealth management group” — until recently, it was just known as the retail brokerage unit — has hired another executive away from Merrill Lynch. The addition of Michael Rogers, who will be a regional director in Southern California, comes as Morgan Stanley is pondering the fate of its struggling individual-investor […]')('2006030', "Behind a Formula One race weekend, behind the sports competition we see on television or live at the track, lies a world as lively and bizarre as P.T. Barnum's travelling shows more than a century ago. As a journalist who has covered the sport for more than a decade, I travel on average every second [...]")('2006030', 'There was a time when size mattered - buying big sent a message to the world (or at least the neighborhood) that you were wealthy and powerful. Apparently, it may now send the message that you are just taking on too much debt. In what the blogger at "Northern New Jersey Real Estate Bubble" (not [...]')('2006030', 'Curbed.com, the raucous, sexy and hilarious blog about real estate in all its glory and gore in New York, has launched a satellite in San Francisco. Early postings include items about a $65 million mansion (the highest priced house in SF, and within spitting distance of the $70 million penthouse on top of the Pierre [...]')('2006030', 'By now, you’ve probably seen the television commercials for Monaco-based Superfund, which bills itself as a hedge fund for the masses. You may want to do a bit of homework before jumping into this fund. It may be a mousetrap for fees.')('2006030', 'John Thain, the chief executive of the New York Stock Exchange, has been pushing to start trading at 8:30 a.m., contending that it would make the Big Board more competitive with other exchanges in Europe and elsewhere. But now, according to Charlie Gasparino on CNBC, Mr. Thain may be getting some resistance to his plan […]')('2006030', 'We don’t know if we should be taking advice from Henry Blodget, the disgraced Internet research analyst, but he makes some very compelling points about Google‘s announcement Wednesday that it settled a class-action lawsuit against the company for click fraud for $90 million. The announcement, which the company has downplayed as immaterial, could presage future […]')('2006030', 'These days, any company whose stock has lost a third of its value can expect to hear from a hedge fund. High-tech gadget retailer Sharper Image got the dreaded call on Thursday in the form of a proxy filing by Knightspoint Group, which claims to own 12.8 percent of its shares and wants to replace […]')('2006030', 'Imax is officially in play. The company, which is responsible for emblazoning Harry Potter on eight-story-high movie screens across the United States, said early Thursday that it had hired investment banks Allen & Companyand UBS to help it consider a sale, merger or other options. That’s the same pair that recently brokered the $17.6 billion […]')('2006030', 'Has it come to this? The bell that opens trading on the New York Stock Exchange has been a cherished symbol of the exchange for much of its storied history. Now, N.Y.S.E. bells are being hawked on eBay. To commemorate the initial public offering of the new NYSE Group, the exchange gave out little hand […]')('2006030', 'Readers respond to David Brooks\'s Mar. 9 column, "Both Sides of Inequality": Laura Museo, Denver: As a family therapist for a number of years, I will attest to the credibility of these findings. The implications for education, medical care, economic development and social progress are huge. As always, I applaud your courage. We are built [...]')('2006030', 'A Triangle biotech with ties to Duke University has landed a multi-million-dollar venture funding deal that is likely to lead to a handful of new hires and a larger facility. Research Triangle Park-based Affinergy, which licensed its core technology from Duke in February 2004, announced Wednesday that it has closed on a $3 million Series […]')('2006030', 'Beceem Communications Inc., a provider of chipsets for Mobile WiMAX technology, has received a significant investment from Intel Capital, the venture capital arm of Intel. Neither Beceem or Intel Capital would disclose the amount of funding. Both companies are based in Santa Clara. Go to Article from The Silicon Valley-San Jose Business Journal »')('2006030', 'After inking $3 million in commitments from Mohr Davidow Ventures, the Personal Bee Inc. is gearing up for a public launch of its do-it-yourself news Web site. Like a number of emerging sites aimed at aggregating online news, Personal Bee’s software is designed to synthesize and organize information from blogs, newspapers and other media outlets […]')('2006030', 'Neuromed Pharmaceuticals Inc., a calcium-channel drug developer whose lead product is a treatment for chronic pain, has secured a $25 million Series D round led by new investor James Richardson & Sons Ltd. The round, which included the support of all of the Conshohocken, Pa.-based company’s existing investor syndicate, is less than the $40 million […]')('2006030', 'Two years ago, San Francisco technology start-up OQO was winning high praises. But OQO, which develops hand-held computers, hasn’t gained the mass appeal expected of it, instead catering largely to a niche market of technology enthusiasts and a handful of corporations. Nevertheless, venture capitalists continue to pour money into the company, saying OQO and the […]')('2006030', 'A venture-capital firm misappropriated $9 million from investors, including Philadelphia and Pennsylvania pension funds, the Securities and Exchange Commission alleged yesterday in a federal lawsuit. The S.E.C. says the firm, Keystone Venture Management Holdings, allowed Michael A. Liberty, 45, of Gray, Maine, to divert investment assets to himself and to associates. Go to Article from […]')('2006030', 'China National Building Materials Group increased the price range for its initial public offering to raise up to US$231 million, from US$218 million previously, Dow Jones reported. Go to Article from Dow Jones via Yahoo News »')('2006030', 'The New York Stock Exchange- Archipelago merger highlights a fundamental dynamic of dealmaking that’s often overlooked. In every deal, there is a financial acquirer and a cultural acquirer–and they are not always the same company. The NYSE deliberately set in motion a kind of reverse takeover when it announced its bid for Archipelago, acting as […]')('2006030', 'The Big Board’s debut was a home-run. The stock of NYSE Group surged, valuing former seats at $6.9 million apiece – up four times from a year ago. But at 66 times earnings and a secondary offering on the way, its valuation doesn’t look sustainable. It looks like a squeeze, says Breakingviews. Go to Article […]')('2006030', 'Tully’s Coffee shareholders weren’t laughing about the company’s initial public offering, an event that was jokingly announced at the annual shareholder meeting Wednesday — only to be retracted hurriedly after rounds of applause showed that the listeners didn’t understand that it was a yarn. Go to Article from The Seattle Post-Intelligencer » Go to Article […]')('2006030', 'The big Wall Street banks are expected to post strong first-quarter revenues, defying analysts who caution the good times may stop rolling and warn their high-flying stocks are increasingly at risk of losing steam. Starting next week, Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc., Bear Stearns Cos. and Morgan Stanley combined are expected to […]')('2006030', 'UBS has lost four of its most senior staff in the past two days. Warren Woo, the bank’s global head of financial sponsors and leveraged finance – the unit responsible for arranging and financing leveraged buyouts – yesterday became the latest senior departure. Go to Article from The Times of London »')('2006030', 'People obsessed with famous film shoots or even the tastiest local burritos have a new outlet for their passions: Online maps. Platial, a two-month-old upstart, lets people save personal places of interest to a Google map, and then share those landmarks with friends or the community at large, creating a kind of “social atlas,” according […]')('2006030', 'Holiday park operator Center Parcs has agreed to a 205.4 million pound takeover offer at 80 pence a share, a fifth less than its flotation price in late 2003. The cash offer by private equity group Blackstone has received irrevocable undertakings from holders of 23.5 percent of Center Parcs. Go to Article from The Telegraph […]')('2006030', 'Private equity firm Actis‘ deal to buy into one of India’s only remaining large domestic confectionery players, Nutrine was called off at the eleventh hour early this week underscoring once again how tenuous are the agreements reached with family-owned businesses in Asia. Actis had been in negotiations with the Reddys, the family that owns Nutrine, […]')('2006030', 'Emerging-markets hedge funds have generated big returns so far in 2006 on the back of surging Latin American stock markets. Managers investing and trading in Latin America were by far the best performers in February, gaining 9.42 percent on average. In recent months, foreign money has flowed quickly into the capital markets of countries such […]')('2006030', 'Andrew S. Fastow, the onetime chief financial officer of Enron, provided some of the strongest evidence yet linking Kenneth L. Lay, the company’s founder and former chief executive, to a conspiracy to defraud investors. But Mr. Fastow’s statements, coming in the sixth week of the trial of Mr. Lay and Jeffrey K. Skilling, another former […]')('2006030', 'A federal judge granted bail yesterday to a former KPMG partner, David Greenberg, who is awaiting trial for selling questionable tax shelters, even as the judge blasted him over what he called secret partnerships full of ill-gotten gains. Judge Lewis A. Kaplan of Federal District Court in Manhattan, who first denied bail to Mr. Greenberg […]')('2006030', 'The New York attorney general, Eliot Spitzer, accused the radio giant Entercom Communications on Wednesday of soliciting money and gifts from record companies in exchange for playing songs on the air. The lawsuit is the first time that Mr. Spitzer has focused his continuing payola investigation on a broadcaster. The suit accuses senior executives at […]')('2006030', 'Under a proposed $90 million settlement of a class-action lawsuit over alleged click fraud, Google said Wednesday that it would offer advertising credits to marketers who claim they were charged for invalid clicks and not reimbursed. The total amount of credits, including attorneys’ fees, will max out at $90 million, Nicole Wong, associate general counsel […]')('2006030', 'Carlyle Group‘s venture capital arm, which has been doing more buyouts of late, has acquired Comark Building Systems, which designs and sells modular buildings like portable classrooms and Army barracks. Go to Article from LBO Wire »')('2006030', 'After years of scouting deals in the outsourcing sector, Apollo Management has plunged into the industry with the purchase of publicly traded Sourcecorp, a deal valued at $450 million in cash. Apollo is paying $25 for each Sourcecorp share and is assuming about $40 million of the company’s debt, LBO Wire reported. Go to Article […]')('2006030', 'An Investment Banker? Richard Grasso, the former chairman of the New York Stock Exchange, is planning his second act – as a banker or private equity executive. Mr. Grasso, who was forced to resign after it emerged that he had been paid $139 million and is now being sued by the New York attorney general, […]')('2006030', 'Amid merger rumors, law firm Pepper Hamilton reported a 10 percent increase in gross revenue and a 5 percent increase in profits per equity partner last year. Speculation has centered on a possible merger between Pepper Hamilton and Nixon Peabody, based in Rochester, N.Y. Go to Article from The Legal Intelligencer via Law.com »')('2006030', 'Prudential Financial agreed to acquire Allstate‘s variable-annuity business through a reinsurance transaction, giving the financial-services firm an additional $16 billion in annuities to manage. Prudential said Wednesday that its initial investment in the business, including the consideration that will be paid to Allstate, related taxes and capital requirements, will be around $560 million. Go to […]')('2006030', 'Pendragon, the British car dealer, has made a hostile 258.8 million pound offer for rival Lookers which comes hot on the heels of its Reg Vardy takeover. Earlier this year Pendragon and Lookers fought to take over rival Reg Vardy with Pendragon eventually declaring its offer unconditional last month. Go to Article from The Telegraph […]')('2006030', 'In a blow for Goldman Sachs, Credit Suisse, Deutsche Bank and Merrill Lynch were hired to help manage an initial share sale of at least $10 billion by Industrial & Commercial Bank of China, which is expected to generate $300 million in fees for the bankers. Go to Article from Bloomberg News » Go to […]')('2006030', 'Executive at Mediobanca, the prominent Milan-based bank, say they see the company expanding in retail financial services and in private banking sectors via acquisitions of others. During a conference call, they said they don’t see substantial acquisitions in investment banking, while expansion will continue in this sector in France, and operations will start in Spain. […]')('2006030', 'Liberty Media said it was in discussions with Time Warner on Liberty’s 4 percent stake in that company. Last month, the company said it asked regulators for permission to convert its non-voting shares in Time Warner into voting shares sooner than February 2007. Some analysts have suggested that a voting interest in Time Warner would […]')('2006030', 'Cottman Transmission is merging with Aamco Transmissions Inc. to form one of the nation’s largest automotive repair services chains with more than 1,100 locations nationwide. Go to Article from BusinessWeek » Go to Article from LBO Wire »')('2006030', 'Sidelined in the merger game since its failed bid for MCI Inc., Qwest Communications could end up acquiring assets, being acquired or standing alone in the fast-consolidating telecommunications industry. With a territory stretching across 14 Midwestern and Western states, Qwest has stabilized revenue and pared operations in wake of an accounting scandal that forced it […]')('2006030', 'Deutsche Bank, Germany’s biggest bank, said it had to restate fourth-quarter earnings because of a 250 million-euro ($298 million) provision related mostly to a United States investigation into abusive tax shelters. Go to Article from Bloomberg News »')('2006030', 'Softbank of Japan could use as little as 500 million pounds of its own money to invest in Vodafone Japan. SoftBank, which is in talks to buy Vodafone Japan, valued at between 8 billion pounds and 10 billion pounds, plans to set up a separate vehicle to buy the assets, The Telegraph said. Go to […]')('2006030', 'American investors led by Carl Icahan and Warren Lichtenstein said on Thursday that they might raise the bid price for KT&G, South Korea’s top tobacco company. Mr. Icahn and Steel Partners II L.P., headed by financier Lichtenstein, have offered to buy KT&G at 60,000 won, valuing the firm at $10 billion, in the first hostile […]')('2006030', 'Micron Technology‘s deal for Lexar Media may be even more costly for Lexar’s rival, SanDisk. If Micron’s chief executive, Steve Appleton, can pull off the deal, he will have wiped out the long-held advantage SanDisk has enjoyed when it comes to producing flash-memory cards. Go to Article from Forbes »')('2006030', "Photo: Andrew Carmellini during his days at Café Boulud. (Carol Halebian for The New York Times) The new Italian restaurant A Voce began serving dinner yesterday, a development worth noting because its chef, Andrew Carmellini, did consistently excellent work at Café Boulud. But it caught my eye for a different reason. The restaurant's imminent opening [...]")('2006030', 'The House Appropriations Committee defied President Bush on Wednesday evening, voting overwhelmingly to scuttle a deal giving Dubai Ports Worldcontrol of some major seaport operations without awaiting the outcome of a 45-day review of potential security risks. Go to Article from The New York Times » Go to Article from Bloomberg News » Go to […]')('2006030', 'The fate of Knight Ridder newspapers, the nation’s second-largest newspaper chain, could be determined any day — and with it, the future of what has come to be known as the mainstream media could become clearer. In what may be an early sign that the newspaper industry’s value has declined, it appears that only two […]')('2006030', "The liberal backlash against the liberal case for impeaching President Bush is in full swing. You may have missed the impeachment mania among some on the left, but it's gone from a simmer to a boil in liberal magazines and blogs since the National Security Agency wiretapping scandal hit the newspapers. Harper's and The Nation [...]")('2006030', 'Slate editor Jacob Weisberg analyzes the leadership of the Democrats\' "Three Stooges": Nancy Pelosi, Harry Reid, and Howard Dean: "Individually, they lack substance and policy smarts (Pelosi); coherence and force (Reid); and steadiness and mainstream appeal (Dean). Collectively, they convey an image of liberal elitism, disarray, and crabbiness." Weisberg describes Pelosi\'s politics as "Huffington Post [...]')('2006030', 'A lawsuit against HSBC Holdings accusing the bank of discriminating against a gay banker has sparked ample discussion on the Internet — and on DealBook — about the acceptance, or lack thereof, of gay men and lesbians in the securities industry. The trial, which began this week in London, is seen as an important test […]')('2006030', "The Bagger is a little like that winner who hits the stage at the Oscars and, after giving his or her speech, can't seem to find the exit. But he knows it's around here somewhere. The Oscars was an odd gig for The Bagger - he got started in the business doing government, police corruption, [...]")('2006030', 'In this lesson, students share opinions about the legitimacy of eavesdropping on citizens. They then debate the main issues raised in the article and write letters to Congress expressing their points of view.')('2006030', 'Article on choices available to customers seeking 411 directory assistance; says new services--800-FREE-411 and 800-411-METRO--offer directory assistance free of charge, though users have to listen to advertisements; holds other companies, including Google, offer free directory assistance via text message; says voice-activated search engines may make it possible to bypass directory assistance entirely; holds Maestro system, voice-activated search engine developed at Ben-Gurion University in Israel will allow users to surf Web by speaking and listening; says major wireless carriers have added features like horoscopes, sports scores and stock prices to keep users using their paid 411 services; adds some new directory services will rely on Global Positioning System technology, which is mandatory on most new cellphones; drawing (L)')('2006030', "Dr Jon Gordon letter scores Republican Party, which espouses less government, for intruding on women's decision about abortion (March 7 article)")('2006030', "Mary S Booth letter says Wal-Mart's policy of allowing individual pharmacists to refuse to dispense morning-after pill Plan B, even though store carries it, is effective way to block women's access to contraception (March 4 article)")('2006030', 'Tension grows over lawsuit filed by Bob Yari, producer of film Crash who was denied official producer credit on Oscar ballot, as film takes home Oscar for best picture; suit is most serious challenge to new rules governing producer credits in recent years and has raised real issue for debate within Hollywood about confidential process; photo (M)')('2006030', "More than 50 high schools nationwide now have rock climbing teams; many schools have recreational programs as well, but High School Climbers' Federation is trying to persuade more students to form teams;climbing programs described; photos (M)")('2006030', "Connecticut Elections Enforcement Commission fines 16 top officials in Gov M Jodi Rell's administration $500 each for distributing invitations to subordinates for December fund-raiser for Rell (M)")('2006030', "Nissan Motor Co says Jed Connelly, top North American sales executive, is retiring; Brad Bradshaw to replace Connelly; company prepares to move its American headquarters from Gardena, Calif, to Franklin, Tenn; Nissan's employees in Calif have until mid-April to decide whether to transfer to Tenn; James C Morton, North American administration and finance chief, will move to newly created post of vice chairman at Nissan North America; Dominique Thormann, senior vice president for administration and finance at Nissan's European operatons, will succeed Morton (M)")('2006030', "Market Place column on Verizon's next move now that AT&T is proposing to buy BellSouth; Verizon has already said it wants to buy out Vodafone, which owns 45 percent of Verizon Wireless; while taking full control of wireless division would allow Verizon to include all profits from its mobile phone division on its income statements, some investors say Verizon would be smarter to sit tight, at least for now; graphs (M)")('2006030', 'Spanish auction house Arte, Informacion y Gestion announces start of bidding for three oil paintings believed to be painted by Spanish dictator Gen Francisco Franco; spokesman for Franco family contests authenticity of paintings; photo (S)')('2006030', "Photo of Monmouth University men's basketball player John Bunch after advancing to NCAA tournament.")('2006030', 'Extreme colorful home furnishings designed by brothers Doug and Gene Meyer for modernist clientele in Miami described; photos (M)')('2006030', "OPEC to Keep Output Near Maximum Levels***OPEC says it will keep pumping oil near its maximum levels in effort that could cool down prices; decision coincides with report showing surge in crude oil stocks in US; oil prices on New York Mercantile Exchange drop $1.56, to $60.02 per barrel; Edmund Daukoru, Nigeria's oil minister and OPEC's current president, says OPEC is concerned that prices do not get out of hand; US Energy Information Administration statistics show that oil inventories posted surprisingly big jump of 6.8 million barrels last week; says crude stocks are now at 335.1 million barrels, 10 percent higher than year ago; photo (M)")('2006030', 'Students and administrators of the State University of New York Maritime College in Bronx celebrate return of their training ship Empire State VI after its six-month mission to provide housing and meals for workers repairing oil refinery in Louisiana that was damaged during Hurricane Katrina; photo (M)')('2006030', 'Student spring break has become stage for increasingly expensive and sophisticated advertising campaigns; throughout March, companies like Unilever and Gillette are saturating Daytona Beach and Panama City Beach in Florida and South Padre Island in Texas with sponsored events, beachfront oxygen bars and ads on various products; Vacation Connections says marketers will spend more than $75 million in March to reach students on spring break; photos (M)')('2006030', "Prosecutors in trial of Marion True, former curator of J Paul Getty Museum in Los Angeles, and Robert Hecht, American art dealer, present photographic evidence and call on Italy's art theft police to explain web that they say links defendants to tomb robbers and unscrupulous dealers; Gen Roberto Conforti, retired head of art theft squad, testifies that he wrote letter in 2000 to hundreds of museums around world seeking their aid in tracking down works of art that could have been looted in Italy and illegally exported; photo (M)")('2006030', 'Profile of and interview with Julia Louis-Dreyfus, who is starring in new comedy The New Adventures of Old Christine; photos (M)')('2006030', 'Debut album by R&B singer Ne-Yo captures No 1 spot on Billboard charts with 301,000 sales; in days leading to Oscars, Johnny Cash-related albums have significant sales boost because of buzz around biopic Walk the Line (S)')('2006030', 'Growing number of computer monitors include TV tuners that can switch between full-screen TV picture and small picture-in-picture window at one corner of screen; Samsung SyncMaster 940MW takes idea bit futher, with picture-in-picture window that can be set to occupy as much of screen as user wants and built-in FM tuner for times when whole screen is needed for computing; monitor sells for $699; photo (M)')('2006030', 'Board games come to television screen with SAPiT Game Wave, souped-up DVD player that is designed to receive signals from as many as six remote controls simultaneoulsy; starter kit, which costs $130, comes with four remotes and one game, additional software is available; photo (M)')('2006030', 'Hudson County, NJ, authorities say eight men were arrested after police officers found nearly 28,000 bags of heroin in secret compartments inside several vehicles during series of raids in Union City, Hoboken and North Bergen (S)')('2006030', 'Hal R Varian Economic Scene column on differences between men and women in workplace and business; focuses on competition and how it relates differently to men and women; cites recent National Bureau of Economic Research working paper by Stamford economist Muriel Niederle and University of Pittsburgh economist Lise Vesterlund; says authors determined not only whether men and women differ in their willingness to compete, but more important, whether they differ in their willingness to compete conditioned on their actual performance; holds study by Berkeley finance professor, Terry Odean, that men trade stocks excessively, apparently because they (wrongly) feel that they have exceptional ability to pick winners; says women trade less, but do better on average, because they are more likely to follow buy=and-hold strategy (M)')('2006030', 'Justice Department is suing New York State for failing to replace aging voting machines and comply with voting guidelines enacted by Congress after disputed presidential election of 2000; seeks to force state to comply with law by fall elections, but local elections boards say it is too late to change systems for fall elections (M)')('2006030', "Virginia Heffernan Critic's Notebook on new Time Inc entertainment web site Office Pirates; site, created by mark Golin, aims to tap into vein of workday humor and alleviate stress and boredom that can accompany long days in small cubicle; photos (M)")('2006030', 'Bush administration will disburse $75 million to New York City to finance health care treatments for thousands of firefighters, police officers and other first responders sickened by their work at ground zero after Sept 11, 2001 (S)')('2006030', "Food and Drug Administration advisory panel unanimously recommends that multiple sclerosis drug Tysabri, which was withdrawn about year ago for causing brain disease progressive multifocal leukoencepthalopathy, be returned to market; says patients and their doctors should have right to decide whether considerable benefits of drug offers outweigh risks that can perhaps be reduced but not totally avoided; committee's vote is victory for Biogen Idec and Elan, drug's developers, which lost substantial market value in February 2005, only three months after drug was approved; trading in shares of Elan has been halted; Biogen shares rise about 8 percent (M)")('2006030', 'Helen N Hanna letter points to video proving that then-director of FEMA Michael D Brown adequately warned Pres Bush about impending crisis of Hurricane Katrina; scores dishonesty displayed by leaders (March 2 article)')('2006030', "Kentucky University men's basketball coach Tubby Smith has led team to 19-11 record and first-round of SEC tournament; despite Smith's 238-69 record, team did not earn first-round bye this season; photo (M)")('2006030', "Phillip Alder bridge column on teams representing United States in February's NEC Bridge Festival in Yokohama, Japan; diagram (M)")('2006030', "Janna Malamud Smith, daughter of writer Bernard Malamud, is publishing book My Father Is a Book; memoir of her father, who was very private man, reveals how autobiographical his novels were and also fact that he had extramarital affair with one of his students at Bennington College in early 1960's; photos (M)")('2006030', "New York City's unemployment rate drops from 5.8 percent in December to 5.6 percent in January, and statewide unemployment rate falls from 5.0 percent to 4.6 percent; number of city residents with jobs rises to highest level since state began collecting such data in 1978 (S)")('2006030', "Kelefa Sanneh Critic's Notebook review of album by Vybz Kartel; photo (M)")('2006030', 'Richard Kuklinski, whose lust for publicity nearly matched blood lust in claiming to have killed more than 100 people as Mafia hit man, dies at age 70; photo (M)')('2006030', 'New Jersey Gov Jon S Corzine admits it was a mistake to lend $5,000 in bail money to Karen Golding, former campaign aide and lobbyist, when she was arrested on Feb 6 for stalking Assemblyman Joseph Cryan, new chairman of state Democratic Party (M)')('2006030', 'Letter from Focus on the Family official Carrie Gordon Earll contends real story on parental notification issue is that abortion clinic workers have witnessed parents threatening their daughters if they do not agree to abortion (March 6 article)')('2006030', 'Cellist Maya Beiser, composer Eve Beglarian and visual artist Shirin Neshat will present program involving music, poetry and video at Zankel Hall; photo (M)')('2006030', "New York City's Civilian Complaint Review Board charges Stephen Paragallo, deputy chief of police, with abusing his authority in ordering arrest of woman during 2004 Republican National Convention; recommends mild punishment after finding Paragallo acted without reasonable care; Police Comr Raymond W Kelly declines to administer any discipline; photo (M)")('2006030', 'Liz Seymour essay on how her three-bedroom home in Greenboro, North Carolina, became accidental experiment in collective living after she and husband divorced and she became 52-year-old foster mother of teenaged boy; she describes what is now seven-person anarchist collective of housemates, ruled by consensus and fueled by punk music and food scavenged from grocery store dumpster; photos (M)')('2006030', 'Bruce Shames letter scores David Brooks (March 5 Op-Ed column) for his seeming inability to distinguish between Muslims who attacked US and those that did not')('2006030', 'New York Jets pursue Washington Redskins backup quarterback Patrick Ramsey (M)')('2006030', 'Boldface column on after-party for play Grey Gardens (S)')('2006030', 'British fashion designer Sir Paul Smith opens Mayfair shop to sell vintage furniture and quirky pieces he has collected; photos (Currents: London) (S)')('2006030', "John A Gotti's lawyer makes closing arguments in racketeering conspiracy case in Manhattan, asserting that his client was 'heir apparent' to Gambino organized crime family, violating standing Mafia tradition; defense's stand that Gotti withdrew from crime family brings harsh rebuttal from prosecutor, who says that defense did not call any 'made' members of Mafia to corroborate Gotti's testimony (M)")('2006030', 'New Jersey state police are searching shore of Round Valley Reservoir with cadaver dogs in hopes of recovering traces of people presumed drowned in boating accidents at reservoir in last 30 years; water level at reservoir is eight feet lower than usual, and subdued winds make conditions optimal; photos (M)')('2006030', "Designers look to Oscar night red carpet for inspiration and fuel for ready-to-wear knockoffs; look-alike dresses bring in around $300 million each year with well over 100 manufacturers involved; some of gowns at this year's Oscars described; photos (M)")('2006030', 'NFL owners vote to accept players union proposal to extend collective bargaining agreement by six years; photo (M)')('2006030', "New stores, Shecky's, Lockes Diamantaires and Design Within Reach, open in Manhattan; photos (M)")('2006030', 'Venezuela defeats Italy, 6-0, in first round of World Baseball Classic; photo (M)s')('2006030', 'Demolition begins on one of six buildings at site of proposed Atlantic Yards development in Brooklyn; photo (M)')('2006030', 'Online Shopper column describes ways to research and decide on which college to attend; photos (M)')('2006030', 'Nassau County Exec Thomas R Suozzi, Democratic candidate for governor of New York, says he supports adding residential complex at World Trade Center site; also says he opposes state income tax increases and will focus on raising federal minimum wage (M)')('2006030', 'Canada defeats United States, 8-6, in first round of World Baseball Classic; photos (M)4')('2006030', 'Small-business owners are designing some basic products to suit needs of consumer and demanding higher prices; experts say well-designed versions of everyday products are heavy on ergonomic comfort and light on superfluous, or purely decorative, detail; some examples include baby products designed by Michael and Ellen Diamant for their company Skip Hop, updated packaging for detergents designed by manufacturer Method and household items designed by Oxo; photo (M)')('2006030', 'Some record labels are limiting amount of single songs available for download before release of full album in attempt to increase CD sales; restricted sales are evidence that companies are re-examining fledgling digital music field, where consumers have become accustomed to easy and early access to new songs; photo (M)')('2006030', 'Correction of March 2 article, which gave incorrect name of Project Runway contestant Zulema Griffin')('2006030', 'Camcorders Catch Up to H')('2006030', 'Jersey City police are searching for 13-year-old Natasha M Browne, who went missing on March 6; investigators say that several text messages sent from her cellphone to her mother that day said she had been abducted, but that other messages sent to friends did not indicate any trouble; photos (M)')('2006030', 'Recent wave of news about child predators luring children through internet has prompted meetings across United States urging parents to get involved and talk with children about internet activities; fine line between creating panic among parents and informing them about potential problems discussed; Parry Aftab, Wired-Safety.org director, says that if children do not reveal where they live or agree to meet anyone they associate with online that they will not have to worry about real encounter with child predator; photos (L)')('2006030', 'New York City officials acknowledge that innovative deal to sell Snapple beverages from vending machines in city-owned buildings has fallen far short of its goals; failure to sell drinks will leave city some $93 million short of cash and marketing benefits; Snapple and city officials have agreed to renegotiate complex agreement; photo (M)')('2006030', 'James H Bissland letter calls upon both parties to reduce extreme partisanship (March 6 article)')('2006030', "Shares of New York Stock Exchange soar on their trading debut, closing day up 19 percent and capping tumultuous year of emotional negotiations and upending change for 214-year-old exchange; stock starts trading at $67; stock rises to $80, giving NYSE Group market value of $12.6 billion; company's chief executive John A Thain comments; photo (M)")('2006030', 'Products that aid in relieving muscle soreness and aches reviewed by Dr Jordan Metzl, who practices sports medicine at Hospital for Special Surgery, NYC; photos (M)')('2006030', 'Cuba defeats Panama, in 11 innings, in first round of World Baseball Classic; photo (M)')('2006030', "Carol Roye letter says even so-called 'pro-life' parents often try to influence their teenage daughters to have abortions; says policy must be based on public health, not religious beliefs (March 6 article)")('2006030', 'Comedy Central programs The Daily Show With Jon Stewart and The Colbert Report are now available for download at iTunes Music Store for $1.99 per episode (S)')('2006030', "Bank of Japan's decision to scrap its unprecedented super-loose monetary policy has raised concerns about possible fallout on global economy; move is seen as first step toward eventual rise in short-term interest rates in Japan from near zero; seems to reflect bank's confidence that deflation is under control; some economists say bank must avoid sending shock waves through country's recovering economy and through world markets; Bank of Japan fears that maintaining easy money for too long could cause reviving economy to overheat, possibly creating inflation or stock market bubble (M)")('2006030', 'Nassau Health Care Corp, which runs a public hospital and nursing home, faces 60-day deadline from County Exec Thomas R Suozzi to produce plan to solve its financial troubles and qualify for $98 million in bailout aid (S)')('2006030', "Rutgers University men's basketball team defeats Seton Hall University, 61-48, in first round of Big East tournament; photos (M)")('2006030', 'Atlanta Thrashers defeat New York Rangers, 3-2, in shootout; photo (M)6')('2006030', 'Letter from Harvard Classics Department Chair Richard Thomas contends that faculty has managed to make good decisions about hiring teachers and researchers without interference from college president (March 4 John Tierney Op-Ed column)')('2006030', 'New York Yankees infielder Jason Giambi and San Francisco Giants outfielder Barry Bonds share steroid allegations in common (M)4')('2006030', "Murray Chass On Baseball column discusses Major League Baseball commissioner Bud Selig's position on accusations that San Francisco Giants outfielder Barry Bonds has used steroids (M)")('2006030', 'Sophie Conran, daughter of Terence Conran, designs porcelain tableware and accessories for Portmeirion; photo (Currents column) (S)')('2006030', 'Court documents show Dr Richard N Fogoros, consultant to Guidant Corp, told company in May 2005 that he believed it had clear ethical obligation to tell physicians about heart defibrillator defects, and urged company to overhaul its practices; Fogoros also told company executives that their decision to withhold such data, while statiscally defensible, was questionable; Guidant spokesman Steven Tragash says documents show how seriously Guidant takes very complex issue of how and when to communicate potential device risks to physicians; documents are coming to light as Senate Judiciary Committee plans hearing March 10 on possible new legislation that would make it federal crime for corporate executive to knowingly ship defective product; photo (M)')('2006030', 'Sen Hillary Rodham Clinton sends letter to constituents criticizing House bill that makes it federal crime to live in United States illegally and to offer services or assistance to illegal immigrants; suggests opening door to idea of letting some illegal immigrants earn legal status but provides no specifics (M)')('2006030', "New York State Assembly Democrats are offering their own education tax credit plan for families that challenges one proposed by Gov George E Pataki; would give parents earning up to $150,000 with children under 17 a tax credit of up to $400 for every child, on sliding scale based on income; Gov Pataki's plan would give parents living in failing school districts up to $500 tax credit that could be used for tuition at private school (M)")('2006030', 'Matthew J Melchioda, Wachtung, NJ, police officer, is killed when his patrol car hits tree while pursuing suspect (S)')('2006030', 'First new episode of NBC comedy Joey draws estimated 4.12 million viewers; Fox shows American Idol and House outdraw competition to win Tuesday night ratings; photo (S)')('2006030', "New York State Atty Gen Eliot Spitzer accuses radio giant Entercom Communications of soliciting money and gifts from record companies in exchange for playing songs on air; lawsuit is first time that Spitzer has focused his payola probe on broadcaster; suit accuses Entercom senior executives of directing efforts to extract improper payments from record companies and independent promoters, who are middlemen hired to pitch songs; Spitzer's office says Entercom also created programs to sell advertising time to record companies in scheme that was used to inflate performance of songs on charts monitored by other programmers; photo (M)")('2006030', "MCNAMARA'S CLUTCH SHOT GIVES HOPE TO SYRACUSE**")('2006030', 'Western wear is experiencing nationwide resurgence after success of movie Brokeback Mountain; classic western styling described; photos (L)')('2006030', "Peter Samton letter calls on Democrats to highlight Bush administration's incompetence (March 6 article)")('2006030', "Jeff Tone letter says Republican Party's compassion for fetuses is tempered by its apparent disregard for disadvantaged children (March 7 article)")('2006030', 'Versace Fifth Avenue, NYC, store reopening reviewed and compared with previous space; photos (M)')('2006030', 'New York City homicide investigators continue working to build case against suspect in rape and murder of Imette St Guillen on Feb 25 in Brooklyn; Darryl Littlejohn, bouncer at bar where victim was last seen alive, is being held in jail on parole violation; detectives are also looking for links to at least three other unsolved rape and kidnapping cases in Queens and Long Island; photo (M)')('2006030', 'New York Knicks player Quentin Richardson is averaging 12.5 points and 5.3 rebounds in last 12 games; photo (M)0')('2006030', "Christina Mester letter scores decision of South Dakota Gov Michael Rounds to sign legislation making it felony to perform most abortions in state; agrees that abortions are problematic, but says that does not justify complete disregard for women's rights (March 7 article); drawing")('2006030', "Canon's 30D digital single-lens-reflex camera has some features for users who are not high trained professionals; camera sells for $1,500;'photo (M)")('2006030', 'Rodney Strong, 78, Prof')('2006030', 'Philippe Patricio, student pilot from Connecticut, is sentenced to one year in prison for taking plane on joyride from Danbury, Conn to, Westchester County Airport, NY, in June 2005 (S)')('2006030', 'Grants ranging from $200,000 to $2 million are presented to 63 cultural and civic groups by Lower Manhattan Development Corp (S)')('2006030', 'Federal Judge Lewis A Kaplan grants bail to former KPMG partner David Greenberg, who is awaiting trial for selling questionable tax shelters, even as Kaplan blasts him over what he calls secret partnerships full of ill-gotten gains; Greenberg must post $25 million bond backed by entire personal assets of his immediate family, including those of his former wife, father and children (M)')('2006030', "Jon Harrison letter blames Vermont's property taxes for state's youth drain (March 4 article)")('2006030', "Photo of Empire State VI, training ship of State University of New York's Maritime College, passing under the Bronx-Whitestone Bridge")('2006030', "New York City Comptroller's Office reports that medical malpractice claims against city-run hospitals and other municipal health care providers rose in 2005 for first time in five years; says that despite that rise, total amount paid by city in malpractice cases declined for third consecutive year (M)")('2006030', "Department of Homeland Security's Immigration and Customs Enforcement division reports that Port Authority is failing to properly screen truck drivers allowed onto port terminals; says that nearly half the drivers whose backgrounds were checked had possible criminal histories; suggests failure to screen drivers leaves ports vulnerable to criminal acts and even terrorism; Port Authority requires drivers in its Sea Link program to submit photographs and Social Security and driver's license numbers to obtain card to allow truck traffic to move quickly past security gates, but it does not check information against criminal databases (M)")('2006030', "Lenovo Group's ThinkPad C100 business computer is low-cost laptop with built-in optical drive and 15.4-inch screen; laptop starts at $599 for model with Intel Celeron M processor; photo (S)")('2006030', 'Tsegaye Gabre-Me¿')('2006030', 'Dan Carsen letter wonders if South Dakota lawmakers who enacted strict abortion law have agreed to adopt unwanted children of women too poor to go elsewhere for abortion (March 7 article)')('2006030', 'Students at Columbia University protest lecture by Norman Finkelstein, historian and son of Holocaust survivors, who argues that Jewish organizations exploit Holocaust to deflect crticism from Israel; Finkelstein is speaking on history of Israel and Palestine (S)')('2006030', 'RED BULL')('2006030', 'Ayurveda. traditional Hindu medicine of India, is gaining popularity in spas across America for its whole-body approach to better looking skin and personal relaxation; techniques of 5,000-year-old practice described; critics of ayurveda say there is no medical proof of its benefits; photos (M)')('2006030', 'Robert J. Dryfoos, 63, Former Cou7')('2006030', 'New York Mets pis')('2006030', "Photo of Atlanta Thrashers' win over New York Rangers")('2006030', 'Jay M Pasachoff letter comments on uproar over Dubai company taking over American ports (March 8 article)')('2006030', 'Leaders of United Auto Workers locals at Delphi Corp will meet next week in Detroit to be briefed on talks with General Motors on rescue plan; talks have been under way since Delphi filed for Chapter 11 protection in October (M)a')('2006030', "Pittsburgh University men's basketball team defeats Louisville University, 61-56, to end NCAA tournament bid in first round of Big East tournament (S)")('2006031', 'To prepare for the conversion from rental to condominium, the building where Aleeza Wadler and Dmitry Nemirovsky live, on West 79th Street and Amsterdam Avenue, got a $4 million revamp. This included a switch from manned to automatic elevators. At first, the insider price, available to renters in the building, was 10 percent less than [...]')('2006031', "This is probably interesting to only a very limited audience, but you'll have to forgive me because my wife is a pilot and every so often she talks about the idea of living in a place where we'd have a runway in the backyard. Barbara Clements who has a real estate blog for the Tacoma [...]")('2006031', "The doyen of New York real estate, Barbara Corcoran, sat down with ABC News to offer home owners advice on what to do in this market. The Bubble Track blog says she is confused, but they have it wrong. Ms. Corcoran is staying right on message for the real estate industry. Her advice: Don't time [...]")('2006031', 'Even if we never get that satisfying crash in home prices that the bubble bloggers long for, we may be getting one in the shares of publicly traded home builders. An investment newsletter author, James Stack, who reprints his stuff on the Forbes Web site has an interesting piece on what he calls the Housing [...]')('2006031', "If you listen carefully, you'll hear the sound of hundreds of Nashville residents applying to be real estate agents. It is one of the few major markets these days that is showing home sales increasing year over year despite mortgage rates hitting 2 1/2 year highs. The Gallatin News Examiner reports the happy numbers (tip [...]")('2006031', 'Here is your opportunity to be on TV. Or at least earn $500. A casting director is looking for a company of real estate flippers to feature in the next season of the A&E channel\'s "Flip This House" show. It featured a team that found dilapidated homes, fixed them up with the Home Depot specials [...]')('2006031', 'There are a lot more golden handcuffs being passed around at Credit Suisse. Dow Jones Newswires reports that a stock-bonus program, originally limited to an elite crew of about 100 Credit Suisse bankers, was expanded this year to include most of the 900 managing directors at the firm’s New York investment banking unit.')('2006031', 'Robert Greifeld, Nasdaq’s chief executive, may have been caught bluffing, according to our Wall Street reporter and resident exchange expert, Jenny Anderson. She sent us this dispatch: Last year, when the New York Stock Exchange announced it would buy Archipelago, Big Board chief John Thain made no bones that his driving M.O. was the fact […]')('2006031', 'Shareholders of the Nasdaq Stock Market weren’t put off by Friday’s news that its offer to buy the London Stock Exchange had been swatted down. In fact, they seemed positively thrilled. They sent Nasdaq’s shares up more than 6 percent Friday afternoon in much heavier-than-normal volume. The reaction suggested that Nasdaq’s investors were giddy to […]')('2006031', 'It may be in the market for a buyer, but the London Stock Exchange is apparently not impressed with a recent approach from the Nasdaq Stock Market. The London exchange said midday Friday that it had rejected an offer from the Nasdaq to acquire it for 950 pence per share in cash, or about $4 […]')('2006031', 'With all the Google-watching of late, we failed to notice that Friday marked the sixth anniversary of the all-time high for the Nasdaq index. To honor the occasion, Michelle Leder of Footnoted.org dredges up this passage from a JDS Uniphase regulatory filing in 2001. In it, the maker of networking gear explains its decision to […]')('2006031', 'Two major questions emerge from Google‘s recently announced acquisition of Web-based word-processing start-up Writely. The obvious one — how does it fit Google’s business strategy? — is generating a lot of discussion, as one would expect. But the secondary question — why are tiny Internet companies with no business model being bought so quickly? — […]')('2006031', 'In the latest sign that private equity mania has filtered down to Main Street, retail-investor-oriented SmartMoney.com is running a question-and-answer story about buyout activity and “how individual investors can get in on the act.” In the interview, David Brophy, director of the University of Michigan’s Center for Venture Capital and Private Equity Finance, argues against […]')('2006031', 'Kenneth Griffin is quite happy to tell the Chicago Tribune about how well his hedge fund is doing so far this year. Well, not happy enough to disclose firm numbers — but he did say that the year-to-date performance at Citadel Investment Group‘s biggest fund, Kensington, was better than the anemic 7 percent gain it […]')('2006031', 'Shareholder activists are going to love this: A major institutional shareholder is pushing American Express, Citigroup and Bank of New York to amend their bylaws to allow “for reimbursement of expenses in proxy contests where a dissident shareholder seeks to elect less than a majority of the board.” The American Federation of State, County and […]')('2006031', 'Carlyle Group, the politically plugged-in private equity giant based in Washington, is moving even deeper into the public sector. The firm on Friday announced the creation of a team to look at investments in public infrastructure projects. The new effort will seek to put money into airports, bridges, toll roads, ports and other public works, […]')('2006031', 'Readers respond to Thomas Friedman\'s March 10 column, "Mr. Nasty, Brutish and Short-Tempered" Michael Mavroidis, Weymouth, Mass.: Although your suggestions for knocking heads together to force an Iraqi settlement make some sense, I doubt the Bush administration\'s thinking is based enough in reality to see the merit. And, I\'m surprised you didn\'t add that, if [...]')('2006031', 'The sound of the new Formula One V8 engines ripped across the desert outside Manama today as the series carried out its first practice session. They are just as loud as before, but lower pitched, and with a couple of V10s screaming around in harmony, there is room for discord. Indeed, it was the position [...]')('2006031', 'Eleven of the world’s major airlines, including British Airways, Deutsche Lufthansa, United Airlines and Japan Airlines, have been sued by a Tanzanian company, which accuses them of conspiring to fix fuel price surcharges for cargo flights. Go to Article from The New York Times »')('2006031', 'In this lesson, students will prepare newscasts and opinion papers about particular news stories where an element of surprise was expressed about the criminal and the nature of his or her crime.')('2006031', 'Google seems to think it has wiped away its click fraud worries by settling a class-action suit. It hasn’t. Google is trying to argue that click fraud is just a blip on the huge Internet-advertising radar, but the settlement indicates that it’s at least a problem–something Google executives were loath to admit just a week […]')('2006031', 'Supporters and detractors call it the “silent tort reform” movement, and it has quietly and quickly been gaining ground. Across Washington, federal agencies that supervise everything from auto safety to medicine labeling have waged a powerful counterattack against active state prosecutors and trial lawyers. In the last three decades, the state courts and legislatures have […]')('2006031', 'The London Stock Exchange is to investigate the suitability of Robert Bonnier, the colorful entrepreneur, to head a listed company again after he announced his comeback this week. The Exchange, which regulates the AIM market, is thought to have concerns about Mr. Bonnier, who was fined 290,000 pounds by the Financial Services Authority 15 months […]')('2006031', 'Dashing concerns that he’d be slow to step out of the formidable shadow of his predecessor, Michael Eisner, Walt Disney ‘s chief executive, Bob Iger, quickly moved to center stage. He reeled in dissident shareholders, dismantled the company’s unpopular strategic planning group and orchestrated a $7.4-billion acquisition to bring Pixar Animation Studios into the Disney […]')('2006031', 'Sun Microsystems’ General Counsel Mike Dillon, who is at the helm of the company’s roughly 170-lawyer legal department, is crucial in helping the Silicon Valley computing giant navigate its deals, including its multibillion-dollar spending spree last summer. Dillon’s team defies the classic image of in-house lawyers lined up in offices alongside the chain of command. […]')('2006031', 'The Securities and Exchange Commission, which gained more authority to punish corporate wrongdoing in a government crackdown on fraud four years earlier, is going too far, according to a U.S. Chamber of Commerce. The Washington, D.C.-based group, which lobbies for 3 million U.S. companies and 830 business associations, said in a report Thursday that it’s […]')('2006031', 'Hedge fund blowups make for scary headlines but so far they have not frightened investors into looking more closely at how these slightly regulated funds operate before putting money in, new research shows. Go to Article from Reuters via CNN Money »')('2006031', 'United Airlines’ three-year bankruptcy restructuring, the largest and longest in the industry’s history, will end up costing the carrier more than $335 million in fees to lawyers and consultants, court documents show. The fees include $99.8 million charged by the airline’s lead law firm during the 38-month process, Chicago-based Kirkland & Ellis LLC, pending formal […]')('2006031', 'A consortium of companies and investors that includes the Mexican television giant Grupo Televisa has emerged as a potential bidder for Univision, the largest Spanish-language television and radio company in the United States. The consortium includes private equity firms Providence Equity Partners and Madison Dearborn Partners, as well as the Cisneros Group of Venezuela and […]')('2006031', 'Imax, the company that specializes in outsize movies, said on Thursday that it would try to sell its operations to a corporation that is more on the scale of its giant screens. Co-chairman and co-chief executive Bradley J. Wechsler said a deeper-pocketed ownercould allow Imax to expand the number of its screens, in North America […]')('2006031', 'New York Stock Exchange Chief Executive John Thain said on Thursday that he aims to play an active role in the next round of consolidation in the exchange sector, and that worries about competition from overseas rivals had driven the Big Board’s move to go public. Thain’s remarks, made to a banking committee hearing in […]')('2006031', 'Showing that it’s more than a little interested in enabling people to handle office tasks over the Internet, Google said Thursday that it has snapped up Writely, a maker of a Web-based word processor. Go to Article from CNet News.com » Go to Article from The New York Times »')('2006031', 'The McClatchy Company emerged yesterday as the leading bidder to acquire Knight Ridder, which owns The Philadelphia Inquirer and The Miami Herald, with a binding bid worth more than $4.8 billion in cash and stock, according to press reports. Texas Pacific Group and Thomas H. Lee Partners, submitted a nonbinding bid, known as an indication […]')('2006031', 'Morgan Stanley continued to build its leveraged finance business by hiring two veteran executives from GE Capital, according to a memo on Thursday from Michael Hart, global co-head of the acquisition and leveraged finance group. Bruce Buchanan, 43 years old, and Dan Gioia, 40, will join the firm as executive directors and report to Jason […]')('2006031', 'Goldman Sachs was excluded from China’s biggest initial public offering because it is already arranging the country’s third-largest share sale, bankers at competing securities firms said. Goldman, the biggest equity underwriter in Asia, is a victim of its own success in China where the firm profited from holdings of companies including Ping An Insurance (Group) […]')('2006031', 'Goldman Sachs Group Inc. and Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. probably will lead Wall Street to its second-highest quarterly profit, as fees from advising on the most mergers since 2000 made up for slower growth in trading. Goldman, Lehman, Morgan Stanley and Bear Stearns Cos. probably earned a combined $4.3 billion in the first quarter, up […]')('2006031', 'Investor Mario Gabelli vowed Thursday to fight allegations he tried to swindle the government, as shares of his company, GAMCO Investors Inc., bounced back a day after the Justice Department moved to join a civil lawsuit against him. Gabelli, one of Wall Street’s best-known investors, said the government’s proposed intervention in the 5-year-old case “in […]')('2006031', 'The Federal Reserve Board this week gave final regulatory approval to Compass Bancshares Inc.’s purchase of TexasBanc Holding Co. and its subsidiary, TexasBank. Compass’ acquisition of the Fort Worth-based bank, valued at $464 million, will make Compass the fifth-largest bank in the lucrative Texas market and increase its total assets to $31.1 billion. Go to […]')('2006031', 'Even though Canadians are shouldering record levels of personal debt, it would take a dramatic rise in interest rates and a major shift in consumer borrowing before bank earnings would suffer, according to UBS Securities Canada Inc. There has been a shift in the asset mix on the balance sheets of Canada’s largest banks, with […]')('2006031', 'Andrew S. Fastow conceded on Thursday that he had little proof that Enron’s former chief, Jeffrey K. Skilling, made secret side agreements with him to purchase company assets. At the trial of Mr.Skilling and Enron’s former chairman, Kenneth L. Lay, Mr. Fastow also struggled to maintain the existence of a handwritten “Global Galactic” document. Mr. […]')('2006031', 'Several notable names are in the midst of raising money for new real estate-focused hedge funds. Among those getting in on the act, are Jay Leupp, managing director of equity research at RBC Capital Markets and Colony Capital, a firm headed by legendary real estate investor Tom Barrack,. Go to Article from TheStreet.com »')('2006031', 'Private equity firm General Atlantic Partners LLC and Wall Street stalwart Goldman Sachs Group Inc. took a chance on Archipelago Holdings Inc. as it was just starting up in January 1997. With Archipelago now a part of the NYSE Group, those early investors are poised to cash in big. Go to Article from The Washington […]')('2006031', 'eBay yesterday joined five other investors to purchase a minority share in community Web site Meetup.com. The investment will total just more than 10% equity interest in Meetup.com, which connects folks to affinity groups like stay-at-home moms or Chihuahua lovers for offline gatherings. Go to Article from BusinessWeek »')('2006031', 'Levine Leichtman Capital Partners has added its name to the small but growing ranks of mid-market buyout shops raising distressed debt funds. The firm, based in Beverly Hills, Calif., manages about $1 billion across three structured equity funds. It has already collected around $300 million for Levine Leichtman Capital Partners Deep Value Fund. The closings […]')('2006031', 'Letts Filofax, maker of the ultimate Eighties accessory, has been bought by Phoenix Equity Partners in a 45 million pound deal. The company, which makes the diaries and paper-based organizers that came to symbolize 1980s yuppiedom, was sold by Dunedin Capital Partners, the venture capital firm based in Scotland. Go to Article from The Times […]')('2006031', 'HMV has disclosed that the private equity firm Permira has increased its indicative offer for the music-to-books retailer to 210 pence a share. Permira made an offer of 190 pence a share in February that was rejected as undervaluing the business. Go to Article from The Telegraph »')('2006031', 'As Fox Paine & Company gears up to market its third fund, co-founder Saul A. Fox is dialing back his role at the firm, handing control over to fellow co-founder W. Dexter Paine III and three younger partners. Fox, who is in his 50s, “is going to be an exclusive adviser to Fund III, although […]')('2006031', 'With its takeover plan on the rocks, VNU is facing an uncertain future alone, hunting for a CEO, slashing costs and coping with disgruntled investors who disagree over the market research giant’s strategy. VNU said it considered selling the company in parts, which some investors still believe is the best option, but that it found […]')('2006031', 'Volkswagen has agreed to sell its Europcar rental car business to Eurazeo for 1.26 billion euros ($1.5 billion) to raise cash for a reorganization. Go to Article from Bloomberg News »')('2006031', 'Bluespec has received $4.5 million in its second round of funding from Atlas Ventures and North Bridge Venture. To date, Bluespec, which makes electronic design automation tool sets, has received a total of $13 million in funding from Atlas Venture and North Bridge Venture Partners. Go to Article from The Boston Business Journal »')('2006031', 'Trilogy Partners, the newly formed investment firm of former T-Mobile USA and Western Wireless Chief Executive John Stanton — continues to place bets on Seattle-area wireless and telecommunications startups. One of the latest to benefit from Trilogy’s war chest is Junxion, a 3-year-old Seattle company whose technology allows computer users to create wireless hot spots […]')('2006031', 'Broadband access equipment vendor PacketFront has landed a five-year, 23 million euro ($27.4 million) deal from Danish utility SEAS-NVE for its FTTH hardware and software. Now the company is considering an IPO. Go to Article from Light Reading »')('2006031', 'ISE Corporation, a supplier of electric and hybrid-electric drive systems, has raised $25 million to make big trucks more environmentally friendly. The company’s modular manufacturing of drive systems for trucks and buses, airport equipment, and military vehicles allows it to customize electric and hybrid-electric systems to customers’ specifications. Go to Article from VentureWire Professional »')('2006031', 'Britain’s first Islamic investment bank is to go public on the London Stock Exchange by the end of June with a 300 million pound price tag. The European Islamic Investment Bank, which is compliant with Sharia law, is planning to launch a 200 million pound fund-raising as part of its move on to the LSE’s […]')('2006031', 'Brinks, following a round of activist activity, authorized a Dutch auction self-tender offer for as many as 10 million of its shares, or about 17 percent of its outstanding stock. The tender price range will be $47.50 to $52.50 per share. There are 58.7 million outstanding shares. Go to Article from TheStreet.com »')('2006031', 'Atari‘s days on the Nasdaq market may be numbered. The besieged video-game software maker warned investors on Thursday that it has received a delisting notice from the Nasdaq, because its stock price no longer meets the market’s minimum bid price. Go to Article from TheStreet.com »')('2006031', 'Eagle Test Systems generated a slight gain Thursday as shares of the chip-testing company made its debut just months after withdrawing its deal. Eagle Test Systems opened at $16.65, above its $15.50 price. The IPO changed hands at $15.55 in recent action on the Nasdaq. Go to Article from MarketWatch »')('2006031', 'Residential property Web site Rightmove has been valued at 425 million pounds after pricing its initial public offering at 335 pence amid strong investor interest. Go to Article from The Telegraph »')('2006031', 'Anschutz Entertainment Group has sold the MetroStars of New York and New Jersey, one of the five Major League Soccer teams it owned, to Red Bull , the Austrian company which produces the popular caffeinated drink. The team has been re-branded Red Bull New York, with a new logo and uniform. Go to Article from […]')('2006031', 'Pitney Bowes , the largest supplier of postage meters and mailing machines in the United States, said on Thursday that it had agreed to sell its Imagistics International Inc. lease portfolio to De Lage Landen Operational Services LLC, a unit of Rabobank Group of the Netherlands, for $280 million to $290 million. Go to Article […]')('2006031', 'Hudson’s Bay, the Canadian retailer being taken private, said Thursday that American billionaire and new owner Jerry Zucker has become chief executive, effective immediately, and that the former chief executive, George Heller, will retire but remain a director. Under the changes, Mr. Zucker is now governor and CEO. Michael Rousseau, formerly executive vice president and […]')('2006031', 'Power Express Mortgage Bank has acquired Berkshire Financial Group, a deal that makes the firm a top retail lender in New York state. Keith Kantrowitz, founder and president, said this is the first of many strategic acquisitions planned by Power Express as part of its national growth strategy. Go to Article from The New York […]')('2006031', 'The French government, which has thwarted takeovers in several industries in recent years, may soon face a major challenge in banking. Shares of Societe Generale advanced in Paris trading on Friday on a report that a big American bank, possibly Citigroup may be considering a bid. The French magazine Le Nouvel Observateur reported that a […]')('2006031', 'Rarely is there such unanimity in opinionland: The Dubai ports flap has been bad for the United States. At times like these, the key question for editorial writers, columnists and bloggers is whether to react with sorrow or with anger. The Washington Post goes with anger. In an editorial titled "Happy Now?," the paper calls [...]')('2006031', 'The state-owned Dubai company seeking to manage some terminal operations at six American ports dropped out of the deal on Thursday, bowing to an unrelenting bipartisan attack in Congress that swept aside President Bush’s efforts. The company, Dubai Ports World, said that at the direction of Dubai’s ruler it would “transfer” to a still-unnamed American […]')('2006031', 'The Hell’s Angels Motorcycle Corporation. is suing a division of Walt Disney, Buena Vista Motion Pictures and a film production company for infringing on its trademark in the development and production of “Wild Hogs,” a comedy about middle-aged bikers. The motorcycle club says in the suit that it never approved Walt Disney Motion Picture Group’s […]')('2006031', 'Malcolm Gladwell, the best-selling author of “The Tipping Point” and trend-tracking guru to Wall Street and corporate America, has offered his take on “Freakonomics,” another best-selling book that makes surprising connections between social trends and market forces. In an analysis posted to his blog late Thursday, Mr. Gladwell claims to be a fan of the […]')('2006031', 'In its first issue under new editor Franklin Foer, the New Republic endorses universal health care [$] and calls the collapse of President Clinton\'s universal health-care plan "a debacle that this magazine, regrettably, abetted." With editorials like that, writes Washington Monthly blogger Kevin Drum, the New Republic will "go a very long way toward redeeming [...]')('2006031', 'New York State Public Employment Relations Board orders Transit Workers Union and Metropolitan Transportation Authority to continue contract negotiations; advises continuing voluntary negotiations with mediators present before turning to arbitration; union members rejected contract offered after three-day strike in December; authority has asked state court for permission to stop deducting union dues from paychecks of Local 100 members (M)')('2006031', 'Carol Vogel Inside Art column; Institute of Contemporary Art in Boston is getting ready for opening in September of its new $51 million home, first new art museum built in Boston in nearly 100 years; National Gallery of Art in Washington receives 74 works from collection of Ian Woodner; Denver Art Museum is completing its addition, designed by Daniel Libeskind and scheduled to open this fall; Laboratory of Art and Ideas at Belmar in Lakewood, Colorado, is set to open in fall 2006; photo (M)')('2006031', "Silent tort reform movement is gaining ground as federal agencies attempt to counter successful efforts of state prosecutors and trial lawyers toward deregulation; policy makers want more regulation across wide range of industries; consumer and victim's rights groups are concerned about fairness of stricter rules; say it makes federal agencies less accountable for mistakes; White House holds view that federal government can make better decisions than states; drawing (M)")('2006031', 'Lee Spector letter says outcry against Bush administration warrantless wiretapping program has been vociferous and bipartisan (March 9 article)')('2006031', 'Lower Manhattan Development Corporation approves nearly $150 million for enhancements to East River waterfront; work is to be completed in 2015 (S)')('2006031', 'Duke University basketball player J J Redick is only 23 of 80 from the field in past four games heading into Atlantic Coast Conference tournament quarterfinals; graph (M)')('2006031', "Minnesota University defeats Michigan University, 59-55; other men's basketball conference tournament results noted; photo (S)")('2006031', 'Roberta Smith reviews video piece by Mark Leckey at GBE at Passerby gallery; photo (M)')('2006031', 'Wendy Moonan Antiques column on Swedish antiques; Paulette Peden will offer Swedish antiques at her booth at New York Design Fair; Lena Kaplan and Jill Dienst also specialize in Swedish style; photo (M)')('2006031', 'Joseph Howard Gardner, real estate developer with talent for identifying emerging neighborhoods, dies at age 78; photo (M)')('2006031', 'New Jersey Republican Party attacks Gov Jon S Corzine for lending bail money to lobbyist and former campaign aide Karen Golding; Golding was accused of stalking state Democratic chairman Assemblyman Joseph Cryan and trying to break into his car; Republicans accuse Corzine of violating his own ethics guidelines; Corzine officials dismiss accusations, saying rules apply to gifts received, not given; Golding is lobbyist for Prudential Financial, which has contract with state; photo (M)')('2006031', 'Excerpts from Frank Bruni reviews of restaurants Blaue Gans in TriBeCa, Del Posto in Chelsea, The Orchard on Lower East Side and Telepan on Upper West Side; photo (M)')('2006031', 'Scope art show in New York City is evacuated because of high levels of carbon monoxide; show remains closed after incident because Fire Department noted code violations, but hopes to open soon; trucks unloading crates are suspected of being cause of gas (M)')('2006031', 'Former New York Mets catcher Mike Piazza plays for Italy in World Baseball Classic in show of support for his heritage; photo (M)7')('2006031', 'William Grimes reviews book American Green: The Obsessive Quest for the Perfect Front Lawn by Ted Steinberg; photo (M)')('2006031', "Allstate Insurance Group mails notices to policyholders in parts of New York City and Nassau, Suffolk and Westchester Counties, telling them it plans to reduce its business in coastal areas vulnerable to what company sees as increased danger of devastating hurricane; says it will not write new policies or renew some old policies about to expire; Allstate Group is state's largest provider of homeowners' insurance (M)")('2006031', 'Disbarred lawyer Howard Thaler is sentenced in White Plains, NY, to seven years in prison for fraud for creation of false applications for houses in Westchester County and Bronx (S)')('2006031', 'Letter from Rosalie and Laurence Lang expresses dismay at March 8 editorial condemning average citizen for not protesting violations of law and justice taking place in Guantanamo and Iraq; say they have written letters expressing outrage and wonder what else citizens can do to protest leadership')('2006031', 'Laurel Graeber Family Fare column recommends musical The Ugly Duckling at Little Theater, West Side YMCA, event Pirates of Purim at 14th St Y and exhibition INterpret at Noguchi Museum; photo (M)')('2006031', 'Photo of Pale Male and Lola, red-tailed hawks that are nesting again at Fifth Avenue building and may be expecting')('2006031', 'State of Berlin has agreed to contribute to renovation costs for Straatsoper Unter den Linden opera house, bringing renovation closer to realization (S)')('2006031', "Big-market basketball programs, like Alabama University, are looking more closely at high school athletes' applications, and are turning away recruits who graduated from nonaccredited schools (M)")('2006031', "Major mergers and acquisitions rarely affect stock market for long periods of time; chart of performance of Standard & Poor's 500 index after major deals (S)")('2006031', 'New York City Correction Department suspends top chaplain Umar Abdul-Jalil while it reviews comments Abdul-Jalil made comparing Pres George W Bush to terrorists and that Jews controlled media (S)')('2006031', 'Rev Jennifer Brooks letter calls for end to indefinite detentions of prisoners in Guantanamo; says actions defy freedoms Americans value (March 8 editorial)')('2006031', 'Photo of San Diego Padres catcher Mike Piazza, who is playing in World Baseball Classic on Italian team')('2006031', 'Bird-watchers in New York City hope that Pale Male and Lola, red-tailed hawks who have returned to nest at Fifth Avenue building, will succeed in hatching eggs (M)')('2006031', 'New York Mets outfielder Cliff Floyd will need to see specialist to determine extent of kidney problem; photo (M)0')('2006031', 'New York City Correction Department decides to reopen Brooklyn House of Detention but with retail space on ground floor; city notes other jails already exist with retail space, so idea is not new or unusual; photo (M)')('2006031', 'Roberta Smith reviews exhibition William Wegman: Funney/Strange at Brooklyn Museum; photos (M)')('2006031', 'Ken Johnson reviews photographs by Tracey Baran at Leslie Tonkonow gallery (M)')('2006031', 'Imax, which specializes in large-screen movies, is looking to sell its operations to corporation that could expand company; has increased its profits in recent years by shifting focus to digitally remaking Hollywood releases; acquisition could allow company to expand number of screens and improve its limited promotional efforts (M)')('2006031', 'Roberta Smith reviews group show Exquisite Corpse--Cadavre Exquis at Mitchell Algus Gallery (M)U')('2006031', 'New York City Council hearing on reconstruction at World Trade Center site hears developer Larry A Silverstein representative Janno Lieber assert that Silverstein has resources and commitment to rebuild all office towers at site; Lieber says Silverstein is willing to sue if Port Authority of New York and New Jersey tries to prevent him from rebuilding; authority and Silverstein are at odds over how much of site Silverstein can promptly rebuild; Gov George E Pataki has set March 15 deadline for Silverstein and authority to resolve differences; photos (M)')('2006031', "Photo of Temple University's win over George Washington University in Atlantic 10 conference tournament")('2006031', "Premiere of sixth season of show America's Next Top Model draws 5.23 million viewers and puts UPN in second place for night among women 18 to 34 years old (S)")('2006031', 'Ken Johnson reviews sculptures by Rachel Whiteread at Luhring Augustine gallery (M)5')('2006031', "World's fourth-richest person Carlos Slim Helu says Bank of Mexico has hurt country's competitiveness with its focus on low inflation; Mexico's central bank president Guillermo Ortiz says Telefonos de Mexico and America Movil, two companies Helu controls, have hurt country through high rates; photo (S)")('2006031', "New York City Education Department announces that principals at troubled schools will be permitted to hire two master teachers; master teacher position was created in latest teachers' contract; master teachers will share one class, spending half time with class and other half mentoring; parents, community groups and union officials say city is dooming effort by not giving them sufficient input (M)")('2006031', 'Russian ballet companies Tchaikovsky and Russian National are in midst of extensive American tours presenting audience-pleasing ballets Sleeping Beauty and Swan Lake; are quite different and their competition has occasioned amusing wars of words between American promoters who have organized tours; performance dates and venues in New York area noted; photos (M)')('2006031', "U2 cuts short last 10 days of its Vertigo '06 tour due to illness of close relative of one of its members, who is not identified; photo (M)")('2006031', 'New York Republican state senators from New York City push for compromise that would help provide additional $1.8 billion this year for school construction in city; state would pick up cost of issuing $1.8 billion in construction bonds; city officials stress they will not settle for one-year infusion; want state to give $6.5 billion over four to five years (M)')('2006031', 'NFL teams turn to free agent shopping now that owners and players union signed collective bargaining agreement extension (M)8')('2006031', "Stephen Holden Critic's Notebook on 2006 Rendez-Vous With French Cinema series, annual anthology of recent movies presented by Film Society of Lincoln Center, Unifrance and French Film Office/Unifrance USA; asserts that film Heading South, directed by Laurent Cantet, is gem of festival; other films in series noted; photos (M)")('2006031', "John T Kramer, legal scholar and champion of civil rights who helped shape nation's poverty laws, dies at age 68 (M)")('2006031', "Armory Show, international art bazaar, opens on Piers 90 and 92; show, now one of world's biggest contemporary art fairs, began in 1994; history and past exhibits noted; photos (M)")('2006031', "Joseph Urla letter scores Democrats for failing to oppose Senate Republicans' decision not to investigate Bush administration warrantless wiretapping program (March 9 editorial)")('2006031', 'Grace Glueck reviews works by Brice Brown at Francis M Naumann Fine Art gallery (M)5')('2006031', 'Examination of jury selection process in federal trial of former New York City Detectives Louis J Eppolito and Stephen Caracappa, who are accused in Brooklyn of having worked for Luchese crime family as hired killers (M)')('2006031', 'RANGERS ADD OZOLINSH TO THEIR')('2006031', 'Law Prof Carl Tobias letter scores Bush administration warrantless wiretapping and Senate for decision not to investigate program (March 9 editorial)')('2006031', "How Paul Klee's")('2006031', 'Holland Cotter reviews video piece Muxima by Alfredo Jaar at Galerie Lelong (M)l')('2006031', 'Holland Cotter reviews Armory Show 2006 at Piers 90 and 92; photos (M)')('2006031', 'Memorial service to be held for playwright Wendy Wasserstein, who died on Jan 30 at age 55 (S)')('2006031', 'Bevan Manson letter bemoans what he sees as paltry amount of money Congress has allocated for development and purchase of bird flu vaccine (March 3 Kendall Hoyt Op-Ed article)')('2006031', "Georgetown University defeats Marquette University, 62-59, in Big East men's tournament quarterfinals; Syracuse University defeats Connecticut University, 86-84, in overtime; photos (M)")('2006031', "Tim O'Neill letter scores March 8 editorial; says image of Sept 11 and potential for other attacks carry more weight than possibility of detaining innocent person at Guantanamo")('2006031', 'The Churn column on litigation related to recent corporate mergers and company appointments (M)')('2006031', 'Lucas Westmaas letter warns that praise of free-market solution to school system should be tempered by reality that worst schools are not always weeded out (Feb 21 and March 7 John Tierney Op-Ed columns)')('2006031', "Kevin P O'Donnell, lawyer for bar employee Darryl Littlejohn, who is considered by New York City police as person of interest in murder of Imette St Guillen, objects to treatment and public perception of his client; Littlejohn worked at The Falls, Manhattan bar where St Guillen was last seen alive; is being held on parole violation; police continue to search for clues linking Littlejohn to murder; Littlejohn is placed in lineup concerning Queens kidnapping and rape; victim fails to identify any in lineup as attacker; photos (M)")('2006031', 'New York Democratic gubernatorial hopeful Thomas R Suozzi and other Long Island officials say inequitable distribution of state school aid threatens way of life in suburbs; Suozzi says taxpayers on Long Island sends $3 billion more to state treasury annually than they get back in state services and aid to schools; says without reform suburban taxpayer will be crushed (M)')('2006031', 'New York City survey shows decline in number of teenagers who smoke; reveals that 11 percent of teenagers smoke, down from 18 percent in 2001; Mayor Michael R Bloomberg attributes decline to higher cigarette taxes and ban on workplace smoking; photo (M)')('2006031', 'Private Lives profile of Cecile Richards, new president of Planned Parenthood Federation of America, who prepares to battle forces wanting to limit or ban abortion; photo (M)')('2006031', 'Ken Johnson reviews works by Birdie Lusch at KS Art gallery (M)')('2006031', 'Murray Chass On Baseball column discusses San Francisco Giants outfielder Barry Bonds, who is not always willing to discuss his personal life with reporters; at spring training he made it clear that he will not discuss steroid allegations; photo (M)')('2006031', "Pittsburgh University men's basketball team defeats West Virginia University, 68-57, in Big East tournament quarterfinals; photo (M)0")('2006031', 'Ben Ratliff Listening With interview with drummer Roy Haynes on his musical influences; Haynes will celebrate his 81st birtday by leading his young band at Village Vanguard; list of recordings Haynes chose to listen to; photos (M)')('2006031', 'Kenneth Lonergan play The Starry Messenger will premiere on Broadway in Spring 2006 and will star Matthew Broderick; photo (S)')('2006031', "Southwestern Athletic Conference is worst in NCAA Division I men's basketball, which is reflected in paltry attendance at tournament; map; photos (M)")('2006031', "New Jersey sues Union City property owner over price of parcel sold to New Jersey School Construction Corporation for planned school; contends agency overpaid because of collusion between owner and city officials to inflate site's appraised value; state is also looking into construction agency's purchase of Passaic land for school (M)")('2006031', "News analysis on unfulfilled potential of 2003 New York City deal with Snapple as official city beverage; Mayor Michael R Bloomberg hailed agreement as new era of corporate partnerships that would harness power of market to spread city's image; deal is recently amended, with city receiving $17.7 million instead of projected $66 million over five years; city admits deal was too ambitious, with difficulties placing vending machines in city properties; city will refocus on promoting Snapple through advertising; photos; graphs (M)")('2006031', "Boldface column; Matthew McConaughey comments on his movie Failure to Launch at party in New York City; scene described at New York party celebrating Time Inc's launch of Andrew Sullivan's blog on Time.com (M)")('2006031', 'Stray rabid cat attacks several people in Rye, NY (S)')('2006031', 'New York Yankees defeat Detroit Tigers, 6-1, in spring training exhibition game (M).')('2006031', 'Barney M Karpfinger letter says until educators are well paid, nothing will change in school system (Feb 21 and March 7 John Tierney Op-Ed columns)')('2006031', 'Grace Glueck reviews works by Hedda Sterne at CDS Gallery (M)B')('2006031', "Southwestern Athletic Conference is worst in NCAA Division I men's basketball, which is reflected in paltry attendance at tournament; map; photos (M)")('2006031', "New Jersey sues Union City property owner over price of parcel sold to New Jersey School Construction Corporation for planned school; contends agency overpaid because of collusion between owner and city officials to inflate site's appraised value; state is also looking into construction agency's purchase of Passaic land for school (M)")('2006031', 'SON OF FIDEL CASTRO')('2006031', "European restaurants work to convince consumers that their chicken products are safe in wake of avian flu scare; KFC parent company Yum Brands has said little about effect on sales but chain has increased efforts to assure consumers know facts about food safety; sales of poultry at French supermarkets have dropped, prompting price reductions and promotions; independent restaurants are struggling more than large chains; restaurant industry experts continue to monitor situation and plan to adjust to consumers' attitudes; photo (M)")('2006031', "Photo of Villanova University's win over Rutgers University in Big East men's tournament")('2006031', "George Washington University will examine admission of men's basketball team players Omar Williams and Maureece Rice, who reportedly did not graduate from accredited high schools; photo (M)")('2006031', "Mexico's win over Canada keeps US in World Baseball Classic; photo (M)0")('2006031', "Robert J Inlow letter says he wonders if there is any critic that Bush administration will listen to about Guantanamo; says it has destroyed America's credibility and reputation (March 8 editorial)")('2006031', 'David Pierre is fatally shot and another man is wounded by two men in Brooklyn; no arrests have been made (S)')('2006031', 'Islip, NY, Town Supervisor Peter McGowan pleads guilty to accepting thousands of dollars in kickbacks and stealing from his campaign fund; resigns from post before guilty plea; was considered major Republican Party figure on Long Island; will be sentenced to no more than one to three years in prison; sentencing is set for May 4 (M)')('2006031', 'Stephen B Butler letter says March 3 editorial lauding Cardinal Roger Mahony to defy immigration bill used language intended to be inflammatory')('2006031', "Women in male-dominated hedge fund business have been active in forming connections among themselves; High Water Women supports several charities for women and children through fund-raisers and events; group is local offshoot of national group known as 100 Women in Hedge Funds; groups allow women to feel less alone in industry; most say they do not face discrimination but rather find it is to their advantage to be minority in industry; few men working with hedge funds reach women's level of charity involvement; Leslie Rahl runs hedge fund advisory firm and is founding member of High Water Women; photo (M)")('2006031', 'Eamon Coughlin letter, prompted by March 9 editorial on decision by Senate not to investigate warrantless wiretapping program, calls Congress spineless and without voice against stonewalling Bush adminstration that subsumes all power to itself')('2006031', 'Radcliffe Meeks is convicted of attempted murder and other charges for slashing throat of Officer Robert Burns when Burns attempted to arrest him during dispute in Queens (S)')('2006031', 'RED BULL IS')('2006031', "Letter from Stan Johnson, president of Wisconsin Education Assn Council, says there is no objective data to measure whether Milwaukee's school voucher program is successful; says private schools should administer same tests and abide by same standards as public schools (Feb 21 and March 7 John Tierney Op-Ed columns)")('2006031', "Villanova University men's basketball team defeats Rutgers University, 87-55, in Big East tournament quarterfinals; photos (M)")('2006031', "Jersey City, NJ, 13-year-old girl who vanished on way to school March 6 turns up in unharmed in New York City on March 9; Jersey City police say girl's story of abduction, confinement in dark basement and sexual abuse, told by her to her father in text messages, appears to be false; hospital examination finds no serious injuries; no charges are filed but she may be accused of perpetrating hoax; photo (M)")('2006031', 'Federal Judge Shira A Scheindlin orders Army Corps of Engineers to assess continued dredging of Port of New York because of possible conflict with federal cleanup of area, which contains dioxin (S)')('2006031', 'Other Art Fairs Hitch A Ride on')('2006031', "Until the last seconds of the first qualifying session of the 2006 Formula One season the big story was the new qualifying system itself. Then, suddenly, as the identity of the pole winner became clear, the story suddenly switched. Michael Schumacher equaled Ayrton Senna's record of 65 pole positions, one of the last records that [...]")('2006031', 'No Selborne Journal today. Gilbert White will be back tomorrow. *** Here is the thing about a gravel road. If you come upon something worth watching or listening to, you can pull over to the side, roll down the windows, and turn off the engine. There is none of the suction of the interstate or [...]')('2006031', 'Traffic was thick last night on the way back to the hotel from the circuit after police blocked roads around Manama. Before the race weekend, news reports said there might be protests from a local group trying to use the massive media coverage of the race to draw attention to their plight. The protest not [...]')('2006031', 'John Clancy helped found New York International Fringe Festival, but resigned in 2001 to concentrate on directing, writing and producing, including working on one-woman show by wife Nancy Walsh; couple is back in New York with plans to produce four plays in three months; plays are: Fatboy, Screwmachine/eyecandy, Americana Absurdum and The Complete Lost Works of Samuel Beckett; photos (M)')('2006031', 'UN World Food Program is halving rations of sugar, salt and legumes to as many as 3.5 million needy people in Sudan because of cash shortage (S)')('2006031', "Photo of crafstman in Valencia, Spain, working on display before St Joseph's Day")('2006031', "Harvard University Prof Robert J Sampson Op-Ed article notes that study by his colleagues and him of 180 Chicago neighborhoods found significantly lower rate of violence among Mexican-Americans than among blacks and whites; study pointed to increased immigration as major factor associated with lower crime rate of 1990's; graph (M)")('2006031', 'Will Gadd Outdoorsú')('2006031', 'Editorial contends that Republicans defied Pres Bush on Dubai ports deal, but it was not over major principle; maintains that Republicans dumped ports deal because of xenophobia and electoral tactics; asserts that Republican lawmakers do not just turn blind eye when they learn that Bush is making bad choices--they actually legalize his misdeeds')('2006031', 'Gotham Books moves publication date of book Game of Shadows: Barry Bonds, Balco and the Steroids Scandal That Rocked Professional Sports by Mark Fainaru-Wada and Lance Williams following publicity generated by excerpt published in Sports Illustrated; plans to ship 190,000 copies to stores instead of originally scheduled 50,000; photo (S)')('2006031', "London Stock Exchange rejects $4.1 billion takeover bid from Nasdaq; offer comes days after New York Stock Exchange starts trading as public company; NYSE chief executive John A Thain has publicly stated desire to become leader in consolidation of world markets; many see Nasdaq's bid as pre-emptive strike against NYSE bid; London board says offer substantially undervalues company; London exchange has long been attractive takeover target by companies concerned about strict United States regulations due to its relatively small market value; photo (M)")('2006031', 'UNIVERSITY WILL REVIEW TRANSCRIPTS OF 2')('2006031', "Fuji Heavy Industries and Toyota are expected to announce plans to build Toyota's Camry sedan at Lafayette, Ind, plant run by Japanese automaker Subaru; plant will be second production site in United States for nation's best-selling car; automaker currently builds Camry in Georgetown, Ky, factory; photo (M)")('2006031', 'Murray Chass On Baseball column di')('2006031', "Nick Sheehan letter responds to David Brooks March 9 Op-Ed column; holds that lower-income parents do not have same amount of free time as upper-income parents, and they are often forced to worry about their children's present rather than their future")('2006031', "US and European Union sign agreement allowing US to export wine to Europe made using methods banned in many European countries, including aging wine in steel barrels rather than in traditional oak barrels; US agrees to limit its winemakers' use abroad of names that refer to specific production regions in Europe (S)")('2006031', "What's Online column; former media executive Prince Campbell writes in his Chartreuse (BETA) blog that Internet will kill broadcast television; points to examples of blogs attracting similar numbers of viewers as television shows but analysts feel it is unfair comparison; experts are not as quick as Campbell to discount value of traditional media; TechWeb offers guide to online music-subscription services; such services allow unlimited downloads for fee; songs remain in library until user stops payment; TechWeb's service is useful as business is growing complicated; Tom Locke writes letters to 100 companies asking for free samples; posts results and letter at the39dollarexperiment.com; Locke has invested $39 in postage to receive $75 in freebies; drawing (M)")('2006031', 'Nearly 2,000 Republicans gather in Memphis, Tenn, to listen to six potential presidential candidates and pick their favorite in straw poll, but Sen John McCain tells Southern Republican Leadership Conference that he will instruct his supporters to write in name of Pres Bush as show of support (S)')('2006031', 'Correction on March 10 article about $5,000 loan for bail money that Gov Jon S Corzine gave former aide who was charged with stalking Assemblyman Joseph Cryan')('2006031', "K C Compton letter holds that Americans' furor over Dubai port deal and our leadership's response prove that American people actually do have power")('2006031', 'Defense Dept confirms death of US soldier in Iraq (S)')('2006031', 'Yugoslav war crimes tribunal fines journalist Ivica Marijacic and former Croatian intelligence chief Markica Rebic $18,000 each for publishing name of secret witness and testimony he gave in trial of Tihomir Blaskic, Croatian officer (S)')('2006031', "Repr Peter King, whose brash New York style has made him something of an outcast in clubby world of Washington Republicans, is hailed by colleagues breathing sigh of relief after collapse of Bush administration's plan to give Dubai company control of six American ports; King was first Congressional Republican to break ranks join Democrats in calling deal potential threat to national security, and ended up helping steer party toward safer political waters; photo (M)")('2006031', 'Three Colombian expatriates living in Jackson Heights, New York City, are running for Colombian congressional seat designated to represent nationals living abroad; Jairo Casas, Humberto Suarez-Motta and Rafael Castelar discuss campaigns; photos (M)')('2006031', "Supporters of John Giuca, who was convicted in Brooklyn in murder of college student Mark Fisher, are attending unrelated case handled by same prosecutor, Anna-Sigga Nicolazzi, prompting officials to assign herbodyguard; Giuca was described by prosecutors as fledgling leader of street gang and supporters demonstrated at sentencing; Nicolazzi is involved in retrial of Kayson Pearson and Troy Hendrix in rape-murder of Ramona Moore; Giuca's mother and supporter named Jennifer Baker have attended trial (M)")('2006031', 'Telecommunications equipment maker Nortel Networks will restate financial results for third time in three years; will reduce revenue by $162 million and cut earnings $95 million for first nine months of 2005; will also restate 2003 and 2004 results; chief financial officer Peter W Currie say restatement is result of accounting irregularities; chief executive Mike S Zafirovski comments (M)')('2006031', 'Photo of US pitcher Roger Clemens in 17-0 win over South Africa in World Baseball Classic1')('2006031', 'Funeral service will be held for photojournalist Gordon Parks (S)')('2006031', "Gentrification has had unintended effect on Atlanta, long a lure to African-Americans and symbol of black success; black share of city's population is declining and white percentage is on rise for first time since 1920's; change has introduced element of uncertainty into local politics, which has been dominated by blacks since 1973, when Atlanta became first major Southern city to elect black mayor; some, like Mayor Shirley Franklin, play down significance of change, saying that city--now 54 percent black--will remain progressive and that voters do not strictly adhere to racial lines; others warn of dilution of black power; map; photos (M)")('2006031', "M P Dunleavey Basic Instincts column on Liz Perle's book Money, A Memoir: Women, Emotions and Cash; disputes book's assertion that men do not have same money problems women do; discusses differences and similarities between men and women regarding frivolous spending; holds that men spend just as foolishly but have found ways to make it look as if they are making wise investments (M)")('2006031', 'NFL commissioner Paul Tagliabue says he wants smooth transition when and if he retires (S)r')('2006031', 'Manhattan jury fails to reach verdict in case of John A Gotti for second time in six months; Federal Judge Shira A Scheindlin rules that jury is deadlocked and declares mistrial after just day and half of deliberations; Gotti was charged with ordering botched kidnapping and shooting of Curtis Sliwa, but bigger issue for jury was whether Gotti continued to help run Gambino family for last eight years, when he was either under house arrest or in jail; photos (M)')('2006031', 'Gale A Norton announces that she is resigning as interior secretary (M)')('2006031', 'William Robert Jack letter holds that message that should be conveyed by meltdown of Dubai port deal is that Americans will not tolerate any entity that could be spawning ground for radical Islam to get near any vital US interests')('2006031', 'Steven M Clayton letter notes that only about 5 percent of all cargo coming into US is actually inspected')('2006031', 'World Baseball Classic deals with crowds and some fans who are protesting for and against Cuba at games (M)0')('2006031', "Dan Thompson letter on collapse of Dubai port deal criticizes Pres Bush for his 'I know best' arrogance")('2006031', "John McCormick pleads guilty to grand larceny for using Roslyn, New York, school district's credit card to buy more than $80,000 worth of building materials; prosecutor to recommend probation and restitution of $172,580, which includes money he got from his mother, Pamela Gluckin, former district official who has admitted stealing about $4 million; he is last of six major defendants to plead guilty in scandal; photo (S)")('2006031', "Bergen County prosecutors looking into three-day disappearance of 13-year-old Jersey City girl say she apparently faked abduction and skipped school to meet 20-year-old man for sex; Sebastian Aguilar Osorio is arrested but it is unclear whether he knew girl's age (S)")('2006031', 'Construction of World Trade Center memorial and museum to begin without fanfare; Gov George Pataki says public ceremony will be held later; Bovis Lend Lease manages project; Lower Manhattan Development Corp president Stefan Pryor and memorial foundation president Gretchen Dykstra comment (M)')('2006031', 'Increasingly common practice of Internet home sales is leading to fraud by unscrupulous sellers; online flipping is damaging already weak urban neighborhoods by displacing legitimate investment; laws to protect consumers are ineffective when purchase is made completely on Web since long-distance buyers will most likely be unfamiliar with regulations; government leaders blame sites like eBay, which make transactions simple for dishonest sellers; photo (M)')('2006031', 'Mark C Eades letter holds that collapse of Dubai port deal ends another episode of Americans Behaving Badly')('2006031', "March 4 article about Russian National Orchestra's visit to New York misidentified speaker who recited excerpts from Shakespeare in performances at Lincoln Center; it was Michael Cumpsty")('2006031', 'March 9 summary about soda consumption referred imprecisely to sales for 2005; while number of cases of soda sold in US declined for first time in 20 years, sales revenue did not')('2006031', 'Arts, Briefly; Art Fair Opens Lato')('2006031', 'Dr Wafa Sultan, Syrian-American psychiatrist, is international sensation following interview on Al Jazeera televsion in which she criticized Muslim clerics, holy warriors and political leaders for distorting teachings of Muhammad and Koran for 14 centuries; Sultan said Muslims, whom she compared unfavorably with Jews, have descended into vortex of self-pity and violence, and that world is not witnessing clash of religions, but battle between modernity and barbarism that Islam is destined to lose; interview has been viewed on Internet over million times; Sultan has been hailed as fresh voice of reason by some, and by others as heretic and infidel who deserves to die; photos (M)')('2006031', 'Photo of Ed and Allison Lucas, who married at Yankee Stadium')('2006031', 'Commerce Department reports 243,000 jobs were added by American employers in February; workers posted highest salary gains in over four years; economists are concerned higher wages could fuel inflation and cause Federal Reserve to raise interest rates further; unemployment rate rose to 4.8 percent from 4.7 percent in January; graphs (M)')('2006031', 'Photo of police guard and floral tribute outside the Falls, lower Manhattan bar where Imette St Guillen was last seen before she was killed in Feb')('2006031', 'Federal Judge Thomas J McAvoy issues unusual classified ruling denying motion for dismissal of case against Yassin M Aref and Mohammed M Hossain, leaders of Albany mosque who are accused of laundering money in federal terrorism sting operation; prosecutors had asked McAvoy to review their papers without making them public or showing them to defense; Aref and Hossain were charged in Aug 2004 with conspiring with government informant to take part in what they believed was plot to import shoulder-fired missile and assassinate Pakistani diplomat (M)')('2006031', 'March 7 article about census data showing that whites will soon constitute minority in New York metropolitan area misstated statistic comparing region with 87 other metropolitan areas in nation that have population of at least 500,000 (S)')('2006031', 'Kitchen and laundry room appliances go against conventional technology wisdom with prices that rose 10 percent in last decade; market analyst NPD Group calculates average price of washing machines rose 16 percent in past two years; luxury end of market has grown 10 percent per year while rest of market is flat; style and rules regulating energy consumption drive up prices on popular appliances although Americans often ignore trend; manufacturers continue to add energy-saving technologies as they become cheaper; photo')('2006031', "Claude A Allen, former top White House aide, is arrested in Montgomery County, Md, on charges that he stole merchandise from number of retailers; police investigation found that Allen received refunds of over $5,000 last year at stores like Target and Hecht's, and he was charged in connection with series of allegedly fraudulent returns; Allen was Pres Bush's top domestic policy adviser until resigning in Feb; photo (M)")('2006031', "Pittsburgh University men's basketball team defeats Villanova University, 68-54, to advance to Big East tournament final; photo (M)")('2006031', 'Federal jury convicts former Atlanta Mayor William C Campbell of tax evasion but finds him not guilty of racketeering and bribery (M)')('2006031', "Report by Connecticut Elections Enforcement Commission on Gov M Jodi Rell's fund-raising finds top state administrators violated law by giving state employees campaign event invitations, some with 'bring check' notation by Rell's chief of staff M Lisa Moody; commission fines 16 agency heads and other top aides $500 each (M)")('2006031', "March 9 article about civilian review board's decision to charge deputy police chief in New York with abuse of authority for his role in an arrest during 2004 Republican National Convention referred imprecisely to status of seven other complaints against police")('2006031', 'Jay Bennish, high school teacher in Aurora, Colo, who compared speech by Pres Bush to language used by Hitler and sparked uproar in Denver region, will return to classroom after investigation by school officials (S)')('2006031', 'Pakistan has banned flying of kites because some have wires that cause injury; furor over kite flying gained momentum in Feb when 3-year-old girl was killed by kite string; photo (M)')('2006031', 'Fox show American Idol wins Thursday night ratings with 26.3 million viewers while CBS program Survivor lags for third week in row, attracting only 15.3 million viewers (S)')('2006031', 'Catholic Charities, social services branch of Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Boston, will stop arranging adoptions because Massachusetts law requires it to assist gay and lesbian couples (S)')('2006031', "Denmark seeks to tamp down fierce Muslim protests over cartoons of Prophet Muhammad at conference with Muslim preachers and scholars that produces calls for dialogue but also fresh protests over Danish government's refusal to apologize for publication; photo (M)")('2006031', "Drug companies use nurses as part of sales and marketing strategy to urge patients to use medication as directed; pharmaceutical industry loses billions of dollars annually because people do not take drugs as often or as long as prescribed; studies show that not taking medicines as prescribed can cause patients to develop serious, costly complications; medical professionals worry about consumer's privacy or destroying trust of medical community; experts are concerned about industry motives and how brand loyalty effects programs; photo; graph (M)")('2006031', 'Phillip Alder bridge column on Richard Ferrelli, regular in 10-cent game at Regency Whist Club in Manhattan, who died on Feb 28; diagrams (M)')('2006031', 'Photo of people in Madison Square Park as temperature hit record 74 degrees on March 10')('2006031', "Regal Entertainment Group chairman and chief executive Michael L Campbell, in Saturday Interview column, discusses growth of company, state of movie theaters in United States, and whether or not DVD's are threat to industry; photo (M)")('2006031', "NCAA rules that Ohio State University men's basketball team can play in NCAA tournament, despite financial aid violations (M)")('2006031', 'New York Giants sign Sam Madison to four-year contract (S)')('2006031', 'New York Mets team physician David Altchek ten')('2006031', 'Labor unions are using new strategy to try to reverse decades-long slide in membership; strategy is known as card checks, process in which companies grant union recognition once majority of workers sign cards saying they favor union; unions increasingly want to use this procedure to replace traditional organizing method: secret-ballot elections overseen by National Labor Relations Board; many businesses oppose card checks; unions say companies often prevent fair elections by firing and intimidating union supporters; photo (M)')('2006031', 'John Profumo, British politician whose career ended after he was involved in sex and espionage scandal, dies at age 91; photo (M)')('2006031', "Exhibition at New York Public Library features more than 100 letters and related materials that chronicle experience of Sala Garncarz as thousands of Jews from western Poland were transported to Nazi forced labor camps; Garncarz, now Sala Garncarz Kirschner, and her daughter Ann Kirschner presented collection to library's Dorot Jewish division in April 2005; photos (M)")('2006031', "At least five books are in works about case of Louis J Eppolito and Stephen Caracappa, retired New York City police detectives accused of roles in at least eight mob murders; William Oldham, investigator with US attorney's office who is writing one of books, arrives at federal court in Brooklyn carrying book Mouthpiece, by Caracappa's lawyer Edward Hayes (M)")('2006031', 'Sherry Lee Linkon and John Russo letter disputes David Brooks March 9 Op-Ed column contending that working class is not exploited')('2006031', 'US defeats South Africa, 17-0, to move into second round of World Baseball Classic; photo (M)')('2006031', 'Army Corps of Engineers report describes previously unknown set of circumstances in New Orleans during Hurricane Katrina: floodwaters rising in 17th Street Canal sliced through major levee, which then gave way because of inherent weakness of soils behind it; waters that spilled out inundated adjoining neighborhoods; photo (M)')('2006031', "European Commission accuses Microsoft of not responding properly to 2004 antitrust ruling; says company's response is 'incomplete, inaccurate and unusable'; ruling imposed fine of $497 million euros ($591.7 million); commission's independent monitor of Microsoft's compliance Neil Barrett accused company of failing to abide by ruling at end of last year and says nothing substantial was added in second response; Microsoft says it has exceeded compliance requirements (M)")('2006031', 'Imam Rasul Faheem Seifullah, leader of Al-Baqi Islamic Center in Springfield, Mass, has always considered building bridges to other religious groups as important part of his ministry; those bridges became lifelines for his small congregation of Sunni Muslims when fire destroyed his mosque in Dec 2004; photo (M)')('2006031', 'March 3 article about Interior Dept official who helps oversee water contracts referred imprecisely to denial by former Interior official J Steven Griles that he had violated ethics rules')('2006031', 'Australia loses all three games in first round of World Baseball Classic (M)6')('2006031', 'Willy Frank, promoter of New York State wines, dies at age 80 (M)')('2006031', "Consortium of Western banks, led by Societe Generale and including Deutsche Bank, ING, Citigroup and BNP Paribas, is seeking to have Yukos Oil Co declared bankrupt; suit comes one year after Kremlin seized its largest production asset in political dispute; Yukos will contest filing; 2004 seizure undermined investor confidence in Vladimir Putin's government; company was split into two units in May; banks involved in suit are collectively owed $482 million; join long list of creditors owed more than $6 billion (M)")('2006031', 'Cincinnati Reds defeat New York Yankees, 5-4, in spring training exhibition game (M)')('2006031', "New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg says his 'eyes roll' when he hears politicians expressing sudden concern about port security, which was issue long before furor over Dubai company taking over operations at some American ports; points out that it is easy to make political speech but security has to be funded every year; Sen Charles Schumer and Repr Peter King take issue with remarks (S)")('2006031', 'March 10 subheading in article about guilty verdict in first corporate whistle-blower case to emerge from Iraq misstated origin of Federal False Claims Act; law is not new')('2006031', "Fifteen New Orleans artists displaced by Hurricane Katrina are sharing loft space in TriBeCa, aided by stipends from Lower Manhattan Cultural Council and by New York galleries that have invited them to show work; photos of Vidho Lorville and Chris Jahncke; group includes Brooklyn-born Christopher Saucedo who lost firefighter brother Gregory in Sept 11 attack on World Trade Center; he reports that brother's flashlight survived both attack and hurricane (M)")('2006031', 'UN extends by week its deadline for seeking approval of new human rights council that is opposed by US but backed by rights groups and vast majority of 191 member states; Human Rights Commission, which council is supposed to replace, agrees to postpone by week opening of its annual session (M)')('2006031', "US Amb Zalmay Khalilzad, in attempt to break stalemate over formation of new Iraqi government, urges nation's political leaders to hold conference to broker grand coalition; photo (M)")('2006031', 'Pete Runnette letter on firestorm over Dubai port deal holds that Bush administration has reaped what it has sown repeatedly since 9/11--fear')('2006031', 'British news media tycoon Robert Maxwell, who drowned almost 15 years ago, reportedly was being investigated as possible war criminal in connection with episode in which, as captain in British Army during World War II, he shot and killed unarmed German civilian (M)')('2006031', 'March 9 article about plea agreements for three of seven white teenagers accused of beating black man in Brooklyn referred incorrectly to court proceedings')('2006031', "Jim Stanley letter holds that flap over Dubai-based company's taking over contract to manage several key US ports is classic example of repeated poor communications on sensitive subjects by Bush administration")('2006031', 'Representatives from European Union, United States, Brazil, India, Japan and Australia start global trade talks in effort to save international trade agreement; countries involved in talks account for 60 percent of global trade; European Union trade commissioner Peter Mandelson and United States trade representative Rob Portman comment; World Trade Organization officials stress importance of resolving differences (M)')('2006031', 'Pres Bush expresses concern that Congressional opposition that prevented state-owned Dubai company, DP World, from taking over some terminal operations at six US ports could have broader negative effect by alienating allies in Middle East; photo (M)')('2006031', 'Profile of 81-year-old Western writer Max Evans, who after years of relative obscurity despite 27 books and 2 films, is gaining recognition as original stylist worthy of academic and commercial interest; Evans has two new books heading for publication in 2007, as well as three film and television projects; photos (M)')('2006031', 'Editorial holds that European Court of Human Rights has backed one of worst forms of discrimination: nearly automatic placement of Gypsy children in schools for mentally handicapped; says case was brought by families of 18 Czech Gypsy children, but similar discrimination exists throughout Eastern Europe; contends that court should seize opportunity to modernize and reverse its decision')('2006031', "March 8 article about renovations at corporate campus in Chappaqua, NY, where Reader's Digest Assn has its headquarters, misstated acreage; site is 116 acres")('2006031', 'Daniel Kim letter holds that David Brooks March 9 Op-Ed column does not apply to Asian-American community, in which verbal jousting between parent and child is by far exception rather than rule')('2006031', "Syracuse University men's basketball team defeats Georgetown University, 58-57, to reach Big East tournament final; photos (M)")('2006031', 'Floyd Norris Off The Charts column on pricing of natural gas; says that high inventories have plunged natural gas to unusually cheap levels relative to oil; United States gas is also inexpensive compared to British prices; charts shows comparison of gas prices; graphs (M)')('2006031', 'Washington Post is planning to cut 80 jobs, or 9 percent of its newsroom, over next year; follows trend of American newspapers in reducing editorial positions in response to sluggish advertising environment and declining circulation; will make cuts through buyouts and attrition as opposed to layoffs; newspaper wants its journalists to provide more material to other outlets besides its newsprint edition; employees say increasing demands are weighing on them; executive editor Leonard Downie Jr comments; photo (M)')('2006031', 'Timberlake Wertenbaker letter holds that it is shame that My Name Is Rachel Corrie, play that speaks so directly to young people, should be tainted by political overreactions')('2006031', 'Alaska Mountain Safety Center co-dir Jill Fredston Op-Ed article holds that avalanches are made possible by certain conditions--steep terrain, changing weather and unstable snow--and then set into motion by any number of triggers; notes that of avalanches catching people at play, 95 percent are initiated by victims themselves; says it is weight of skiers on slope, stuck snowmobile, or snowboarder landing jump that causes problem; maintains that trick to traveling safely in avalanche country is to leave room for nature in your plans; drawing (M)')('2006031', 'Drive for tighter lobbying law, until recently major priority on Capitol Hill, is losing momentum, victim of shifting political interests, infighting among House Republicans and growing sense among lawmakers of both parties that wholesale change may not be needed after all; debate on lobbying bill was derailed in Senate by fracas over port security; Sen Susan Collins, chief architect of legislation, says bill is way off track and that she fears its chances have been jeopardized; Rep David Dreier and Speaker J Dennis Hastert called for tough restrictions after lobbyist Jack Abramoff pleaded guilty to corruption charges; Rep John A Boehner, new majority leader, opposes ban on privately financed travel (M)')('2006031', "Joan Baldwin Chapman letter holds that ports are America's gateways to world, and until we can assure ourselves of strong American management and security, these gates will be open to all who mean to do us harm")('2006031', 'New York State Senate begins printing bills that call for more education spending than Gov George Pataki proposed in budget plan but far less than New York City officials say they are owed by court order; Senate reportedly sets aside $240 million for school building projects around state but offers far less operating aid than called for under 2004 court order; Democratic-controlled Assembly support more aid (S)')('2006031', "Federal Judge Reggie B Walton rules that I Lewis Libby Jr is entitled to review limited amount of information from classified intelligence documents in order to defend himself against charges that he lied about his role in disclosing identity of CIA operative; rules that documents could be something like tables of contents of President's Daily Brief, and that Libby need not be given those highly classified documents as he had sought (M)")('2006031', 'Editorial notes that some people who use popular sleeping pill Ambien seem to be having bizarre experiences like sleepwalking or sleep-driving; says Ambien has been implicated in enough automobile accidents that it has commanded attention of top forensic scientists; cites contention of manufacturer, Sanofi-Aventis, that drug is safe when taken as directed; holds that Food and Drug Administration needs to determine whether Ambien-related sleepwalking or sleep-driving is serious enough to warrant stronger warning label or other regulatory action')('2006031', "New York Theater Workshop pres Wayne S Kabak letter supports workshop's decision to request postponement of production of My Name is Rachel Corrie")('2006031', "Rowan Lindley letter disputes David Brooks March 9 Op-Ed column contending that today's rich do not exploit poor, they just outcompete them")('2006031', "Mazen Sinokrot, Palestinian economic minister, says Palestinian Authority has been given about $70 million--over $40 million released by World Bank, nearly $21 million from European Union and $10 million from Norway; says even when that money arrives, Palestinian Authority will have only 95 percent of money needed to pay Feb's overdue salaries; says that once Hamas names new government, significant amounts of international aid will dry up (M)")('2006031', 'Anna Moffo, American opera star, dies at age 73; photos (M)')('2006031', 'Deborah Meier letter responds to David Brooks March 9 Op-Ed column contending that styles of child-rearing may account for success of upper middle class')('2006031', 'State Dept says Tom Fox, American Christian aid worker who was kidnapped in Iraq last year, has been killed; Fox was abducted on Nov 26 with three other workers with Christian Peacemaker Teams; Al Jazeera recently televised video of other hostages, James Loney, Harmeet Singh Sooden and Norman Kember; photo (M)')('2006031', 'New York Democrats Eliot Spitzer and Thomas Suozzi race to begin television ads in competition for gubernatorial nomination; Spitzer and Sen Charles Schumer hold news conference to announce joint effort to prohibit mailing cigarettes through US Postal Service (S)')('2006031', "Photo of New Orleans artist Elizabeth Bick, now sharing loft in New York's TriBeCa with 14 other Gulf Coast artists; she is creating work from hurricane-damaged walls and photos of Katrina survivors")('2006031', "Corrections on March 9 article about negotiations over Iran's nuclear program")('2006031', "Corporations are under pressure to appoint experienced and independent board members, but golf handicaps and club memberships still play role; two of directors named to Morgan Stanley's board last summer are members of chmn John J Mack's own club, Golf Club of Purchase in Westchester County, as are two of his recent appointees to investment bank's management committee; most chief executives of large Wall Street banks belong to at least one major golf club, but according to tournament scores filed on Web site of US Golf Association, it appears that none of pure investment banks have more than one member of same club on their boards; photo (M)")('2006031', "What's Offline column; Service Employees International Union president Andrew L Stern envisions federation of worldwide unions organized by sector; says it will lift living standards of workers by working with entire industries instead of individual companies; holds that strikes would be more effective because it would affect international trade; research by Mercer Human Resource Consulting shows that only 20 percent of 100 largest United States public companies discuss human resources in reports to shareholders; figure is surprising since large companies spend average of 36 percent of revenue on employees according to HR Magazine; Jennifer Kahn writes in Wired magazine that number of patients willing to sign up for clinical drug trials is extremely low; pharmaceutical industry needslarge numbers of human test patients to prove safety of medication; drug companies are beginning to look overseas for willing participants in countries like India, China and Brazil; consulting firm McKinsey estimates market in India for outsourced trials will reach $1.5 billion by 2010; photo (M)")('2006031', 'Ozzfest music tour will begin its 11th installment in July and Warped Tour will kick off its 12th annual run in June; photo (S)')('2006031', 'San Francisco Giants outfielder Barry Bonds will not likely discuss steroid allegations on ESPN show Bonds on Bonds, but producers say they will address issue; photo (M)')('2006031', "Editorial holds that within Bush administration obsessed with secrecy, it is heartening to find National Archives inviting critical notice of way intelligence agencies have been secretly denying public access to thousands of previously declassified documents; supports archives dir Allen Weinstein for heeding complaints of historians and asking agencies to put their reclassification mania on hold while audit is completed on damage done to public's right to know")('2006031', 'Sustainable Conservation program dir Allen Dusault letter disputes Nicolette Hahn Niman March 4 Op-Ed article opposing technology for generating renewable energy from manure')('2006031', "Mark A Stein Five Days column; DP World bowed to political opposition in debate over whether Dubai-controlled company should operate several major ports in United States; said it would transfer management to American-owned company; AT&T offered to acquire BellSouth for $67 billion; move illustrates consolidation of industry; deal faces close scrutiny from consumer groups, which fear merger would give AT&T too much power and lead to higher prices; former Enron chief financial officer Andrew S Fastow testified that both Jeffrey K Skilling and Kenneth L Lay knew Enron was on verge of collapse as they assured investors and employees that it was striving; said that Skilling knew Enron used off-the-books partnerships to manipulate earnings; New York State Attorney General Eliot Spitzer filed civil lawsuit against Entercom Communications in effort to curb practice of selling radio time to record companies to promote their music; Entercom is nation's fifth-largest chain of radio stations; Citigroup stopped all transactions on bank cards used in Britain, Canada and Russia after unspecified number of fraudulent cash withdrawls; move prompted other banks, including Bank of America, Wells Fargo and Washington Mutual, to reissue thousands of debit cards; photo (M)")('2006031', 'Security officials evacuate terminal at La Guardia Airport in New York after traveler walks away from checkpoint wearing shoes that had set off alarm; man is not found but no ill intent is suspected (S)')('2006031', 'Prime Min Silvio Berlusconi of Italy is hit with two embarrassments month before tight national elections; prosecutors ask that he be put on trial for corruption, and Health Min Francesco Storace resigns over accusations that he spied on political opponents (M)')('2006031', "IT'S NOT WH")('2006031', 'Transportation Security Administration removes Marcus Arroyo as federal security director at Newark Airport, which has been plagued by screening lapses and poor morale; Asst Admr Mark O Hatfield Jr, son of late Oregon senator, assumes post temporarily and will look for replacement (M)')('2006031', 'Merck & Co sold rights to manufacture and market slow-selling cancer drugs nitrogen mustard, or Mustargen, and Cosmegen to Ovation Pharmaceuticals last August; Ovation stunned doctors and patients by raising wholesale price of Mustargen roughly tenfold in February and that of Cosmegen even more, saying increases were needed to pay for manufacturing facilities for drugs; doctors see trend in soaring prices of cancer drugs and tendency for prices to have little relation to cost of development; graph; photos (L)')('2006031', "Since I've lambasted the networks in the past for missing the boat on Darfur, I take my hat off to NBC for sending Ann Curry and a first-rate crew to the Chad border. We traveled together much of the time on this trip, and they were great. I gather that Ann's reports will be on [...]")('2006031', 'The other morning I walked out of my hooch and saw antennae standing watch like silent sentinels, sticking their heads up out of the fog. The sun looked like a silver coin through the haze. You could stare right at it. The horizon was shrouded. I heard a large explosion, but the sound was compressed [...]')('2006031', "I've always been a rock music fan, so I was delighted when I saw that among the people taking part in a celebrity race Saturday afternoon and Sunday morning in Bahrain were Jay Kay, of Jamiroquai, and Rick Parfitt of Status Quo - but above all, Nick Mason of Pink Floyd, one of my favorite [...]")('2006031', 'On Friday, Paul Krugman got his revenge on me. Back in September 2003, I wrote a column that was rather rough on him. In it, I likened him to Donald Duck during one of his tirades, with steam pouring out of his ears, because he seemed so angry all the time. Mr. Krugman makes it [...]')('2006031', 'Selborne Journal: 12 March 1759: This day 6 weeks the Cucumber-plants appeared above ground; & have now five & six joints apiece, & are full of buds for bloom, & fruit. Watered them gently for the first time over the leaves with the watering-pot. Promises for dry, & cold. *** 6 am. 34 degrees. Still, [...]')('2006031', 'City College of New York School of Education Dean Alfred S Posamentier letter holds that ignoring class ranking would impede proper student selection; drawing')('2006031', 'Roundup of new design collections and store openings; photos (S)')('2006031', 'Photos of some recent benefit parties in New York, including events for Jackie Robinson Foundation, Lower East Side Tenement Museum, Russian National Orchestra and New York City Opera')('2006031', "Miami look of 1980's is updated in time for release of big-screen version of Miami Vice; photo (S)")('2006031', "Parents look for ways to protect children from toxic chemicals found in consumer products; scientists urge parents not to be paranoid about products that have yet to be tested; parents find it difficult to know which changes to make; companies that specialize in environmentally friendly products using non-toxic materials, such as Seventh Generation and Cool Tote have seen boosts in sales over past five years due to fears and uncertainty; parents' buying patterns can influence companies to change materials and processes; some scientists dispute health officials' claims of safety; photo (M)")('2006031', 'The Count column on job applicants who lie on their resumes; InfoLink Screening Services reports 14 percent of tens of thousands of applicants it has screened lied about education; graph (S)')('2006031', "Martin Johnson Keeping Score column discusses Phoenix Suns, which play at league's fastest pace (M)")('2006031', 'Newark, NJ, Mayor Sharpe James maintains silence on whether he will run for re-election; rivals State Sen Ronald L Rice and Cory Booker are certified as candidates; photo (M)')('2006031', 'Profile of actor Jamie Foxx; photos (L)')('2006031', 'Automakers are moving operations into China in illustration of how quickly overall auto industry is expanding and modernizing in nation; Ford Motor Co opens its second production line with its most advanced factory equipment; will bring total capacity in China to 200,000 cars per year by June; other American and European carmakers, including General Motors, DaimlerChrysler and Volkswagen, are also introducing their best technologies to plants in China, facing competition from local companies like Geely, Chery Automobile Co and Lifan Group; auto executives believe Chinese companies will soon be ready to compete in world market as they learn to make use of new equipment and become more efficient; photos; graph (M)')('2006031', 'Iraqi Interior Ministry says kidnapped American peaceworker Tom Fox was tortured by his captors before being shot multiple times in head and dumped on trash heap next to railway line in western Baghdad; American military has raided homes in Jamiya neighborhood, where body was found; Iraqi and American officials have no information on three other peace workers kidnapped with Fox (M)')('2006031', "Photos of men's spring fashion collections of Armani, Donatella Versace, Miuccia Prada, Calvin Klein, Domenico Dolce and Stefano Gabbana; photos (L)")('2006031', "Patrick Radden Keefe article examines on network theory, which has been used by academics to identify otherwise invisible patterns in 'links' between individuals and is basis of National Security Agency's warrantless-eavesdropping program aimed at uncovering terrorist networks; says that while NSA's program might seem to be much less alarming than old-fashioned wiretapping, overwhelming number of leads it has generated have been been false positives: innocent civilians implicated in ever-expanding associational web; says this suggests that link analysis may not only compromise civil liberties, but may fall victim to information overload; drawing (L)")('2006031', 'Fight over whether several port terminals in US should be owned by company based in Dubai was resolved when DP World, owned by United Arab Emirates, announced it would transfer US operations of Peninsular & Oriental Steam Navigation, British company it is in process of acquiring; Dubai controversy is latest manifestation of new condition afflicting politicians, policymakers and ordinary citizens all over globe: desire to select globalization outcomes, as if from a la carte menu; drawing (M)')('2006031', 'Robert Roth contends th')('2006031', 'Jane and Michael Stern review book The Dead Beat: Lost Souls, Lucky Stiffs, and the Perverse Pleasures of Obituaries by Marilyn Johnson; drawings (M)6')('2006031', "Op-Ed article by affordable housing and economic development consultant David Muchnick holds New York's next governor must confront downstate's twin challenges of worsening shortage of affordable housing and exodus of young adults from region; says governor should amend state's real estate transfer tax law so that equal portions are spent on affordable housing development and environment, empower Housing Finance Agency and Mortgage Agency to be more aggressive and creative in developing and preserving affordable housing and propose legislation to establish new program to build multifamily housing for middle-income working families (M)")('2006031', 'Joshua Foer wins USA National Memory Championship in New York and trip to Malaysia to compete in World Memory Championship; photos (M)')('2006031', 'Oliver Schwamer-Albright article gives recipe for leg of lamb with fork-mashed mint peas; photo (M)')('2006031', 'The Boss column on Henry Schein chairman and chief executive Stanley M Bergman discusses history of health care products distributor, his rise to top of company and his ties to his home country of South Africa; photo (M)')('2006031', 'James D Wolfensohn, Middle East envoy of main Western nations involved in dormant peace process, says he will leave his job at end of April if he does not have clear mandate on how to deal with new Palestinian government, led by radical group Hamas; Israel is already withholding money due Palestinians; United States and European Union expect to be forced to withhold much of their current aid to Palestinian Authority once Hamas government is installed (M)')('2006031', "Yehudit Barsky letter holds that Sheik Reda Shata's quotes glorifying terrorism, and involvement of some of his congregants in terrorist activity, belie portrait of moderate religious leader presented in three-part series about him and Islamic Society of Bay Ridge")('2006031', "Op-Ed article by Madhur Jaffrey, actress and author, holds that America's nuclear and trade pact with India is win-win deal; says India gets nuclear fuel for its energy needs and America, doing far better in what might be called stealth victory, finally gets mangoes; drawing (M)")('2006031', 'Jane W Shuffelton letter holds that she has spent over 40 years teaching high school students; says she would stop teaching if she thought that admission to college depended strictly on SAT scores or class rank')('2006031', "New ad for Credit Suisse may remind consumers of company's past mistakes underwriting unstable companies; head of Americas branding and marketing Matthew Hickerson says that is not intended message; photo (M)")('2006031', "Profiles of contributors to New York Times Special sectioon on men's fashion")('2006031', "Ben Stein Everybody's Business column discusses creating income portfolio with 7 percent yearly yield in effort to live off savings in future; outlines thought process that led him to ask friend Phil DeMuth to create portfolio; securities portfolio detailed; drawing (M)")('2006031', 'University of Chicago population geneticist Jonathan Pritchard analysis of human genome concludes that humans have continued to evolve throughout prehistory and perhaps to present day, and human nature may have evolved as well; scientists and historians say fresh look at history may be in order; say evolutionary changes in genome could help explain cultural traits that last over many generations as societies adapted to different local pressures; photos (M)')('2006031', 'Brian Mockenhaupt Lives column on two tours he served in Iraq as infantryman with 10th Mountain District; describes experience as being in state of deadly anticipation (M)')('2006031', "Editorial contends that South Dakota's new law that makes every abortion that is not necessary to save life of mother a crime is unconstitutional under existing Supreme Court rulings, but its backers are hoping that addition of John Roberts and Samuel Alito to court will be enough to change things; maintains that law should be struck down because it imposes unacceptable burden on women; holds that it should also serve as warning that threat to abortion rights has reached new level")('2006031', 'Murray Chass On Baseball column discusses World Baseball Classic; through first round no players have been known to be injured, which was one of major concerns for critics of Classic; photos (M)')('2006031', "Officials attending Southern Republican Leadership Conference in Memphis, Tenn, describe themselves as shaken by mistakes that have afflicted Bush administration; situation is complicated for prospective Presidential aspirants Sens John S McCain, George Allen, Bill Frist and Sam Brownback and Govs Mitt Romney and Mike Huckabee in that Bush remains hugely popular with party's conservative base; some suggest huge turnout at meeting is evidence that many are anxious for respite from bad news; several speakers warn Republicans to focus on 2006 elections, not Presidential race of 2008; photos (L)")('2006031', 'Marilyn Stasio reviews books Borrowed Time by Robert Goddard, The Princes')('2006031', "Anne Lawler letter on Rahmatullah Hashemi's being at Yale; asserts that being accepted, forgiven for his associations and valued for his individuality is greatest education Rahmatullah will receive; asserts that if he can bring that back to his home country, perhaps his daughter will get to go to Yale, too")('2006031', "Correction of March 5 FYI column about chandeliers at Tweed Courthouse; oldest building used by New York City government is believed to be Gracie Mansion, mayor's official residence (S)")('2006031', 'Montreal Canadiens defeat New York Rangers, 1-0; photo (M)6')('2006031', "Young men who greet and monitor guests at Paris fashion shows are attired in dark suits and red ties, in contrast to 'meathead with a clipboard' that greets guests in New York and Milan; photos (L)")('2006031', 'Charlotte Bobcats defeat New York Knicks, 116-109; photo (M)8')('2006031', 'Project on Emerging Nanotechnologies at Woodrow Wilson International Center for Scholars in Washington has compiled list of 212 nanotechnology products that are available in stores; photo (S)')('2006031', 'Author Tom Wolfe has his Cadillac customized in white to match his signature style at Unique Autosports in Holbrook, NY; photo (M)')('2006031', "John Glasel letter on new regulations regarding executive pay; holds that more progressive income tax would end 'obscenely high' pay packages (S)")('2006031', "United Nations war crimes tribunal says former Yugoslavian Pres Slobodan Milosevic was found dead in his cell at detention center at The Hague, apparently of natural causes; leaders in region and Western nations immediately express regret that he will never be convicted for his role in disintegration of Yugoslavia and three wars in region in 1990s; suicide has not been ruled out; Milosevic's legal adviser Zdenko Tomanovic says Milosevic claimed he was being poisoned; photo (M)")('2006031', "Article on Supreme Court's unanimous ruling that universities that take government money cannot oppose military's policies on homosexuality by restricting military recruiting on campus; hundreds of law professors at nation's finest law schools filed series of briefs in case, which they called crucial test for gay rights and free speech; drawing (M)")('2006031', 'Philadelphia 76ers player Allen Iverson plays 43 minutes per game and takes 26 shots on average at age 30; photo (S)')('2006031', 'Rev Daniel Meeter letter holds that series about imam of Bay Ridge, Brooklyn, was humane, objective and informative')('2006031', 'Annie Murphy Paul review')('2006031', 'Birkenstock, whose sandals are synonymous with hippies and latter-day granola-crunchers, is delighted to see stereotype perpetuated in public consciousness; movie Thank You for Smoking has environmentalist character wear boxy buckled sandals that director Jason Reitman says are universally recognized as emblem of liberal do-gooderness; photos (M)')('2006031', "Recent acquisition by Viacom unit of Paramount Pictures' of DreamWorks SKG for $1.6 billion may not be as lucrative as initially thought; may be most expensive production deal in Hollywood history; Paramount nears deal to sell DreamWorks movie library to private equity group, led by George Soros; Steven Spielberg and David Geffen will produce four to six films each year for three years; deal is not exclusive to Paramount, allowing Spielberg and Geffen to produce films for other studios; deal may have been more aimed at improving studio's image than financial gain; photo (M)")('2006031', "Book Review editors introduce Naomi Wolf essay on 'teen-queen' fiction (S)")('2006031', 'Chile swears in Socialist Michelle Bachelet as its first female president; Bachelet is pediatrician and former political prisoner and exile; she is first woman to rule Latin American country who is not widow of political leader; promises government that focuses on social equality and respect for human rights; defends her appointment of former military officer and exile Raul Vergara Meneses as deputy defense minister for air force; photo (M)')('2006031', 'Skim-boarding has become stylish new sport; photo of current skim-boarding champion Paulo Prietto at Laguna Beach (S)')('2006031', 'Byron Calame, in Public Editor column, holds that his review of past two years of New York Times coverage of politically potent conservative movement suggests paper has provided readers with insights and perspectives they were not getting before in news columns (M)')('2006031', "Alice Rawsthorn comments on record album cover art, which she says has never been quite as engaging since it was forced to shrink from spacious canvas of an LP to that of cramped CD; expresses concern that digital downloading has destroyed visual side of music; photo of cover of Patti Smith 'Horses' album (M)")('2006031', 'Security personnel at Manhattan nightclubs, once known as bouncers, say they are professionals who should not be put in same category as Darryl Littlejohn, convicted felon who worked at Falls bar in SoHo and is at center of investigation into murder of Imette St Guillen; photos (M)')('2006031', 'X-Rap fishing lure from Rapala Group is engineered to perform best in water temperatures of 53 degrees for catching largemouth bass; lure designer Jarmo Rapala uses unique weight transfer system to provide greater distance and accuracy in casting; one million were sold worldwide in first year on market; average price is $6.49; photos (M)')('2006031', 'Jim Holt article on moral significance of counting man-made deaths, such as civilians killed in war or victims of genocide, in view of wildly disparate tallies of civilian deaths in Iraq since American invasion; photo (L)')('2006031', "Debra West Cross Westchester column; Gary Springer, publicist who formed Creative Coalition with Christopher Reeve in 1980's, comments on help his son, Chris, received from Reeve and wife, Dana, after he contracted meningitis in 1999; more than 200 students from New Rochelle, Sleepy Hollow and Mount Vernon high schools attend screening and discussion about Eugene Jarecki's Why We Fight, documentary about military-industrial complex; photo (M)")('2006031', 'Boston Celtics player Paul Pierce has had 30 or more points in seven straight games; photo (M)e')('2006031', 'Jerry Frankel letter contends that players like Barry Bonds, accused of using steroids, should not be revered and allowed to cheat at same time; photo (S)/')('2006031', "Public health experts and officials agree that nation's hospitals do not have enough ventilators to care for patients in event of avian influenza pandemic in United States; about 100,000 of 105,000 ventilators are in use in regular flu season, but estimates suggest that 742,500 ventilators would be needed in pandemic; typical ventilator costs $30,000; Congress has authorized only $3.8 billion of $7.1 billion Pres Bush requested for flu preparedness (M)")('2006031', 'Richard Wolfe letter holds that colleges are looking at class rank only because they are relying on grade point average, which seems illegitimate')('2006031', 'State of the Union report updates family life of Mel Schneeberger and Christopher Robbins, whose wedding was featured in Vows column on Sept 1, 1996; photo (M)')('2006031', 'Republicans say there is no escaping truth that Bush administration has moved from crisis to crisis in second term and that Bush has yet to develop coherent agenda, while his administration seems to be losing its once-vaunted discipline and control; failure of Dubai Ports World deal exposed limits of Republican loyalty to Bush; aides say Bush is in good spirits and calls for change in his administration make him even more stubborn to resist it; photo (M)')('2006031', 'Pfizer Plant Research Laboratory is set to open at New York Botanical Garden; will house programs in molecular systematics and genomics; photo (M)')('2006031', "Photos of men's clothing and accessories in bright, colorful prints")('2006031', "David Brooks Op-Ed column assails Sen Hillary Rodham Clinton for opposing Dubai ports deal--politically unpopular measure that almost all experts agree was justified on its merits; holds that Clinton did not seem to mind when United Arab Emirates officials kicked in up to million dollars to Bill Clinton's presidential library, and she did not seem alarmed when Dubai poured at least $450,000 into her family's bank accounts through her husband's speaking business (M)")('2006031', "Pres Bush's former top adviser on domestic policy Claude A Allen is arrested on charges of swindling department stores out of more than $5,000 in refund scheme during last year, while still in his job in Bush administration; Bush says that he is saddened by charges and says that information in charges is different from information Allen gave administration; felony theft could result in 15-year prison sentence; photo (M)")('2006031', '$16 MILLION FOR A HORSE W')('2006031', 'Actress Jamie-Lynn Sigler comments on clothes she wears on television as Meadow Soprano and her own styles; photo (Pulse column) (S)')('2006031', 'Daphne Merkin comments on strain of androgyny, unclear gender identity, in current fashion and music scene; photos of psychedelic folk singer-songwriter Devendra Banhart and members of his gender-bending entourage (L)')('2006031', 'Pilar Viladas article on legendary interior designer David Hicks and his influence on young fashion designers like Christopher Bailey; photos (L)')('2006031', 'New York Yankees defeat Atlanta Braves, 7-3, in spring training exhibition game (S)0')('2006031', 'DUKE IS BEING HYPOCRITICA')('2006031', 'Photos of some original dressers: Matteo Marzotto, Matha and Rufus Wainwright, Stella Tennant, and fashion designers known as Trovata (L)')('2006031', "News analysis of relationship between New York City property tax rebates and tax increases; Finance Comr Martha E Stark says $400 rebates homeowners received in last two years almost makes up for 18.5 percent overall increase in tax rates in 2003; many city officials and tax experts admit to confusion, which arises because tax increases are not only driven by rate but also by higher assessments and shifts in relative rates among city's four property classes; graph (M)")('2006031', 'Interview with Cincinnati Reds player Adam Dunn; photo (M)')('2006031', 'Emily Jenkins rev')('2006031', "Mike Kelly letter on Chip Brown's article (Feb 26) on Sayed Rahmatullah Hashemi; asks why there are not a thousand Rahmatullahs attending American universities so they can carry home democratic values")('2006031', "Op-Ed article by affordable housing and economic development consultant David Muchnick holds New York's next governor must confront downstate's twin challenges of worsening shortage of affordable housing and exodus of young adults from region; says governor should amend state's real estate transfer tax law so that equal portions are spent on affordable housing development and environment, empower Housing Finance Agency and Mortgage Agency to be more aggressive and creative in developing and preserving affordable housing and propose legislation to establish new program to build multifamily housing for middle-income working families (M)")('2006031', 'Robert Byrne Chess column on use of offbeat Ruy Lopez strategy at Linares tournament in Mexico; diagram (M)')('2006031', 'Richard Goldstein Cheering Section col')('2006031', 'Lorraine Adams reviews book I Loved You For Your Voice by Selim Nassib; photo (M)')('2006031', 'Photos of some pendant necklaces for summer (Pulse column)')('2006031', 'A SWEATER STILL GOES UP')('2006031', 'Distinctive and unique gins are introduced by new generation of distillers; photo (S)')('2006031', "Dominick Carbone letter on Chip Brown's Feb 26 article on Rahmatullah Hashemi's attending Yale University; questions whether his bright young daughter would enjoy enhanced prospects of admission to Ivy League school if she attended Taliban summer camp, or student-exchange program")('2006031', 'Letter from John Silber, president emeritus of Boston University, responds to Camille Paglia March 6 Op-Ed article; holds that presidents who turn most important and difficult tasks of university administration over to provosts are unworthy of title of president')('2006031', "United States Joint Forces Command has prepared day-by-day reconstruction of Saddam Hussein's movements during US invasion in 2003, showing his escape was desperate and improvised and showing how little American intelligence knew about his whereabouts; Hussein was nowhere near site of two failed bombing raids intended to kill him; photo; maps (M)")('2006031', 'Correction on March 5 article about professional athletes competing to age 50')('2006031', "Feb 26 article about The Colbert Report on Comedy Central referred incorrectly to show's segment on California's 50th Congressional District; it was district, and not former Rep Randy Cunningham, that show's host Stephen Colbert referred to in jest")('2006031', 'Justine Henning recommends books for young adults whose parents do not want them reading about sex and drugs (M)')('2006031', 'Brooklyn House of Detention will soon house not only prisoners but also 24,000-square-foot strip mall on street level; plan raises conflict between area residents who want jail to remain closed and planners who are excited about idea; retail chains do not appear enthusiastic (M)')('2006031', "Definitions of 'jib,' 'androgyne' and 'playboy'")('2006031', "Streamlined shorts are latest in men's swimwear; photo (S)")('2006031', "David Ofman letter says he enjoyed reading about Rahmatullah Hashemi's journey from Taliban to Yale (Feb 26 article); notes conspicuously absent is any mention of his encounters and relationships with Jewish population at Yale")('2006031', 'Brett Hoffstadt letter says he was surprised and disappointed that Ethicist (Feb 26) did not provide more support for enterprising 13-year-old selling pizza to his classmates')('2006031', 'Photo of Mick Jagger in south of France in 1971; he continues to rule the music charts and fashion runways (S)')('2006031', "Boris Fishman reviews book The People's Act of Love by James Meek; photo (M)")('2006031', 'Editorial notes that thousands of prisoners in India are detained awaiting trials for longer periods than they would receive if convicted; holds that in India and many other countries, majority of people in prison have not yet been tried; says many of those held will eventually turn out to be innocent; contends that one possible solution is to speed up trials by changing legal systems; maintains that bail should go to all defendants except those who present risk of flight or committing serious crime')('2006031', 'Glory days of Savoy Ballroom in Harlem are recalled on what would have been its 80th anniversary, March 12, 2006; ballroom closed in 1958; photos (M)')('2006031', "Salma Ayoob letter holds that Imam in America series has given human face to Muslims and Islam in America, thus correcting lot of misperceptions and diminishing many people's fear of Islam and Muslims")('2006031', 'The Fake Slim Shady')('2006031', "Designer Kris Van Assche pays tribute to Carlos Gardel, late Argentine godfather of tango, and notes Gardel's influence on his collection; photos (S)")('2006031', 'Anna Dymburt dies when she is run over by bus in Brooklyn; driver is not charged (M)')('2006031', 'Gary Kamiya reviews book Music From Big Pink: A Novella by John Niven; drawing (M)')('2006031', "Chandler Burr comments on four new men's fragrances of exceptional appeal; photo (S)")('2006031', 'New York strength coach Brett Hoebel helps brides improve shape for wedding day; photo (Pulse column) (S)')('2006031', "Jersey Footlights column; production of Nickelodeon's new show The Wonder Pets!, aimed at preschoolers, includes many New Jersey residents; drawing (S)")('2006031', 'Photo of belt with buckle with New York Times logo')('2006031', "R Wilson letter sees need to be suspicious of patriotism and Americanism of any group that uses Old Glory, and fear, for its own warped political purposes (Cynthia Carr's Feb 26 Lives column)")('2006031', 'IDEO uses innovative design work and unusual research techniques to create spaces for companies, like Marriott International and Forest City Enterprises; has retained small-firm attitude despite growing into business with 400 employees; Fred Dust, Dana Cho and Rosi Givechi lead design firm although no employees have formal titles; profile of company; examples of design work noted; photo (M)')('2006031', 'Peter Applebome Our Towns column on benefit held in Stony Brook, NY, by top magicians to help pay for treatment of Sylvia Tracz, who was gravely injured in 2005 automobile accident; Tracz is sister of magician Arthur Trace; profile of Sylvia Tracz (M)')('2006031', "Marcia Plant Jackson letter on 'feel-good' article (Feb 26) about 'the former roving ambassador for the Taliban at Yale'; says she could not stop thinking what parents of John Walker Lindh must be feeling")('2006031', 'Oran Ruggs is fatally shot during argument in Brooklyn; police are searching for suspect, who fled after shooting; photo (M)')('2006031', "Photos of men's fashions that are white and wrinkled; photos (L)")('2006031', 'Bob Morris column quotes several sophisticated women who explain that they are comfortable eating alone in restaurants, often prefer to do so and do not appreciate waiters they find condescending (M)')('2006031', 'Molly Parke letter holds that she graduated from competitive suburban high school where rank was everything, and pressure it applied on students was crushing')('2006031', 'Part 25 of Chris Ware comic strip Building Stories (M)')('2006031', 'Correction on March 5 Reading File column excerpt from Times of London article')('2006031', 'Carl Zimmer reviews books The')('2006031', "Ferretti Group, owner of Riva, luxury motorboat, is seeking to restore boat to its 1960's glory, and part of comeback will be introduction of signature collection of Italian-made clothing and accessories; photos (L)")('2006031', "Letter from Danny Chen and 40 other Chinatown residents on February 26 article on illegal parking and gridlock on Chinatown's streets")('2006031', "Texas University men's basketball team defeats Texas A&M University, 74-70, in Big 12 semifinals; Kansas University defeats Nebraska University, 79-65 (M)6")('2006031', 'Elizabeth Ainslie letter comments on Leon Wi')('2006031', 'Comment on lapel-conscious men (S)')('2006031', 'Photos of Russian wool boots with removable rubber foot galoshes, imported by Valenki (Pulse column)')('2006031', 'Possessed interview with Meg Wendy, who runs antiques fairs, about her eccentric collection of memorial jewelry from late 18th- and early 19th-centuries; photos (S)')('2006031', 'Richard Sandomir Radio Sports column muses on what radio interview with Cuba president and baseball fan Fidel Castro would sound like (M)')('2006031', 'Jon Meacham reviews book What Jesus Meant by Garry Wills; drawing (M)')('2006031', 'French chef Daniel Boulud will be awarded French Legion of Honor at benefit for Citymeals-on-Wheels at his New York restaurant Daniel; French Ambassador Jean-David Levitte will present award; photo (S)')('2006031', 'New York Mets pitchers Pedro Martinez and Jose Lima look good in exhibition outings (M)')('2006031', 'Holly Brubach surveys memoirs and works of fiction dealing with drinking problems; photo (M)')('2006031', 'Race for New York Democratic nomination for attorney general splits onetime friends Andrew M Cuomo and Charlie King; Cuomo and King had been running mates for governor and lieutenant governor in 2002 Democratic primary; friends of King say he is angry that Cuomo entered attorney general race long after King had made his intentions clear; photos (M)')('2006031', "Jason Diamos Around The NHL column discusses Edmonton Oilers' moves at trade deadline; photo (M)u")('2006031', 'S S Fair column on ice wines; drawing (M)')('2006031', 'Stop & Shop executive Marc E Smith will retire from supermarket chain; will stay on until successor is named; Smith was hired in 2000 and began overseeing merger in 2004 with Giant Food (S)')('2006031', "Democratic National Committee's Rules and Bylaws Committee endorses idea of adding as many as four state primaries and caucuses to early presidential nominating season; season is now dominated by New Hampshire and Iowa, which many regard as too homogeneous and atypical to exercise such influence; photo (M)")('2006031', "Maybach's $370,000 sport model has V12 engine and numerous luxury details; photos (S)")('2006031', "Ramdane Touhami, French-Moroccan designer, pays tribute this season to Black Panthers with his Resistance line; photo (S) '")('2006031', "Photo of men's leather belts for spring")('2006031', 'John S Patterson letter on wage structure that provides lower pay for newly hired employees; holds that new competitiveness in hiring is damaging to companies (S)')('2006031', 'Adil Haq letter discusses Duke University basketball player J J')('2006031', 'Tim Maudlin letter comments on Leon Wi¼')('2006031', 'Roundup of slick clothing and accessories for sailors; photos (S)')('2006031', "Lee Smolin letter lauds story of Rahmatullah Hashemi, but expresses dismay at reading of Hashemi's sponsor's advice not to develop his talent in science 'because the world doesn't need an Afghan astrophysicist'")('2006031', "Op-Ed article by John Thorn, editor of Total Baseball, holds that Buck O'Neil, who at 94 is living symbol of Negro Leagues, and Barry Bonds, who may have tinkered with performance-enhancing drugs, belong in Baseball Hall of Fame; maintains that history of game cannot be told without them; drawing (M)")('2006031', 'David Volkman letter contends')('2006031', "China's annual National People's Congress is consumed with ideological debate over socialism and capitalism; old-style leftist thinkers have used rising income gap and increasing social unrest to raise doubts about headlong pursuit of private wealth; controversy has forced shelving of draft law to protect property rights; law was severely critiqued on Internet by Beijing University Law School Prof Gong Xiantian; divide does not appear likely to derail China's market-led growth; photo (L)")('2006031', 'Bush jackets favored by Ernest Hemingway and other big-game hunters are back in style; photos of safari jackets through the years (M)')('2006031', 'Ecologists see land boom sweeping Baja California (Mexico) peninsula as greater threat to gray whale nursery than developers of salt and oil deposit, battled by environmentalists in recent years; environmental groups have reached agreement with Ejido Luis Echeverria cooperative to protect 120,000 acres around Laguna San Ignacio from development in exchange for $675,000 trust fund, but Echeverria cooperative is only one of six around lagoon; photo; map (M)')('2006031', 'Lee Siegel humorous essay imagines, in light of current concern about truth in memoir in wake of James Frey affair, what Western intellectual history would be like if awesome figure of Fact-Checker had stood astride culture from beginning (M)')('2006031', "Kate Ingold letter comments on Feb 26 article on Rahmatullah Hashemi's attending Yale; questions whether Yale gives same consideration to American veterans, such as her husband, who served in Afghanistan, as it does to former members of Taliban; asks if American citizens give parties in Jackson Hole to raise money for education of American soldiers; notes financial hardships she and her husband face as he pursues Ph.D")('2006031', 'On the Street photos of New Yorkers wearing colorful green clothing this winter')('2006031', 'French riot police storm Sorbonne building at University of Paris to disperse students who had occupied building since March 8 as part of nationwide protests against new employment regulations that will allow employers to hire and fire young workers more easily; about 200 students flee and 11 are arrested (M)')('2006031', 'Naomi Wolf essay on new breed of young adult novels that feature teenage sex and value system in which meanness rules, conformity is everything and adult values rule; notes Clique novels by Lisi Harrison, Gossip Girl books by Cecily von Ziegesar and A-List novels by Zoey Dean; while books may seem too adult for intended audience, teenagers and their parents do buy them as series have all sold more than million copies; photos (L)')('2006031', "Zarah Crawford article on George Bryan Brummel, or Beau Brummel, legendary London dandy of early 1800's; Brummel is subject of major new biography and an Off Broadway play called The Beau; photo of Ian Kelly, who has written biography of Brummel, and who stars in play (M)")('2006031', 'Behind the Wheel column reviews 2006 Honda Civic; photos; chart (M)')('2006031', 'David D Kirkpatrick reviewsÿ')('2006031', 'Jeff Koons fashion portfolio of pin-up outfits worn by actress Gretchen Mol as herself and as Betty Page, whom she plays in coming film The Notorious Bettie Page; photos (L)')('2006031', "Economic View column on need for changes in how United States measures poverty; method developed by economist Mollie Orshansky in 1963 is still in wide use today; holds that much has changed since 1950's, such as percentage of income spent on food and increase in expenses of other nonessential items; poverty indicator is not under authoritative statistical agency but is controlled by office of President, which has been historically reluctant to increase number of those living in poverty; University of Michigan dean Rebecca M Blank suggests changes in how income is determined, updating existing thresholds and re-design of tools used to measure conditions; graph (M)")('2006031', "Tom Kalenderian, who oversees men's fashions at Barney's, comments on what makes a man dapper; photos (M)")('2006031', 'Pankaj Mishra reviews book Consider the Lobster: And Other Essays by David Foster Wallace; drawing (L)')('2006031', 'Elizabeth Weil article on wrongful-birth lawsuits being brought by parents of severely disabled children against obstetricians whom they accuse of failing to provide kind of prenatal screening and care that would have allowed them to consider having abortions; says lawsuits reflect relatively new belief that people should have right to choose which babies are born; focuses on lawsuit brought by Donna and Anthony Branca of Orangeburg, NY, who won multimillion-dollar settlement set aside for care of a son born with Wolf-Hirschhorn syndrome; photo (L)')('2006031', "Randy Cohen Ethicists column answers question from someone who once worked as DJ at radio station, where he pilfered number of LP's, and now does not know what to do with them; replies to retired teacher who is now considering second career as nurse and, not needing the income, is concerned about taking a slot in nursing school from someone who wants to earn a living (M)")('2006031', 'Sec of State Condoleezza Rice says United States will look for ways to resume military assistance to Latin American countries that was cut off from aid programs because of their refusal to shield Americans from International Criminal Court; says eliminating aid to countries like Chile and Bolivia, which are seeking to combat terrorism or drug trafficking, is counterproductive (M)')('2006031', 'Gustavo and Otavio Pandolfo, 31-year-old siblings from Sao Paulo, Brazil, have spent nearly last two decades emblazoning streets of their city with art, usually just a few frenzied steps ahead of police; brothers, who are to make their debut at Art Basel Miami Beach, blur line between street art and fine art; photo (M)')('2006031', 'David P Barash letter comments on Leon Wieseltier Feb 19 review of Daniel C Dennett book Breaking the Spell: Religion as a Natural Phenomenon')('2006031', "Some 10,300 men and women gather at martial arts arena in Tokyo to protest proposal that would let women become empresses and pass along title to Japanese throne; rally was organized by Nippon Kaigi, one of Japan's largest nationalist groups; photo (M)")('2006031', 'Photo of classic cable tennis sweathers')('2006031', 'An Afternoon With interview with songwriter James McMurtry on Granger Lake in Texas; photo (S)')('2006031', 'Phoenix Suns pi')('2006031', 'Employees are increasingly trying out new jobs as temporary workers before committing to permanent status in workplace; photo (M)')('2006031', 'Photo of Holly Noury helping her children plant seeds in Brooklyn')('2006031', 'Scott Johnson letter comments on Leon Wi')('2006031', "Man show at Topman's in London reflects store's belief that fashion no longer intimidates men; photo (S)")('2006031', 'Deborah Solomon interview with Harvey Mansfield, conservative professor at Harvard and author of book Manliness, in which he defines manliness as confidence in situation of risk; photo (M)')('2006031', "Lawrence H Summers raises cash for Harvard's upcoming 20th reunion after resigning last month as university president; claims Harvard needs alumni's money despite $26 billion endowment (S)")('2006031', "New York City Council survey of 24 Metropolitan Transportation Authority's outdoor train tracks, bridges and subway stations finds them poorly maintained and magnets for vandals (M)")('2006031', 'Classified United States military report, other documents and interviews show that Saddam Hussein and his inner circle were convinced main danger to his government came from within even as US began its invasion; Hussein distrusted his own commanders and soldiers so much and was so secretive that top military leaders were stunned to learn three months before war that there were no weapons of mass destruction; prized loyalty over competence and worried about Shiites and Iran; photos (L)')('2006031', 'Elizabeth Judd reviews book What Caroline Knew by Caryn James (M)ÿ')('2006031', 'The War at Home*')('2006031', 'Designers explore new looks in waistcoats and vests; photo (S)')('2006031', 'Erica Jong reviews book In the Company of the Courtesan by Sarah Dunant; drawing; photo (M)')('2006031', 'London artist Gordon McHarg creates life-size wax figure of art collector Charles Saatchi; photo (S)')('2006031', 'Nascar has made cottage industry of marketing itself and attaching its names to unexpected products varying from cologne to vegetables; photos (M)¿')('2006031', 'Randy Kennedy The Way We Eat column on preparing rabbit; photos; recipes (L)')('2006031', "Market Week column; preannouncement period often has more affect on stock markets than actual company reports; actual earnings tend to be near predictions causing most movement and activity to be completed prior to release of figures; operating profits in Standard & Poor's 500-stock index are expected to grow by 10.6 percent this year; technology sector has seen largest downward revisions as giants, such as Intel and Texas Instruments, have dragged down market; S&P managing director Kenneth A Shea says there is too much emphasis on company earnings; graph (M)")('2006031', 'Former Enron chief financial officer Andrew S Fastow testified against his old bosses, Jeffrey K Skilling and Kenneth L Lay, this past week; Fastow has pleaded guilty to conspiracy, admitting to orchestrating myriad schemes to hide Enron debt and inflate profit while enriching himself with millions; he will spend 10 years in prison in exchange for helping government; whether or not jury convicts Skilling and Lay for conspiring to defraud Enron, there is little question that Fastow betrayed them when he decided to use Enron as platform from which to launch his own criminal enterprise, which reaped him over $24 million; photos (M)')('2006031', "Photo of New York Knicks' loss to Charlotte Bobcatsú")('2006031', "Oliver Goldsmith, 80-year-old British company, presents new collection of classic 50's and 60's sunglass designs; photo (S)")('2006031', "Barbara Jane Feinberg letter opposes March 5 editorial on New York City Michael Bloomberg's solid waste management plan")('2006031', "Germany's intense and abiding desire for moral high ground seems to be behind strange political scandal prompted by revelation that Germany's government, which vociferously opposed American-led invasion of Iraq, fed United States steady stream of intelligence as war was being fought; opposition parties have just enough votes to push inquiry over strenuous objections of administration (News analysis) (M)")('2006031', "Comment on party scene at Fontana's, bar on New York's Lower East Side; photo (S)")('2006031', 'Westchester Coalition for Better School Food executive director Nancy Huehnergarth letter on February 26 article on snacks offered in school cafeterias')('2006031', 'Senate Intelligence Committee has been deadlocked with partisan squabbles over last 18 months; some observers attribute breakdown to personalities of Senators and others to combative staff members; former Senators Warren B Rudman and David L Boren find development disturbing; practical consequences of partisan standoff include failure to consider how Bush administration used pre-war intelligence on Iraq or to arrive at rules for detention and interrogation of terror suspects; photo (M)')('2006031', 'Jessica Bruder reviews book Aliens Are Coming!: The True Acount oÿ')('2006031', 'Tracie Rozhon Thifty Millionaire column on ways to purchase quality antique silver items for reasonable prices; says antique shops and well-known dealers can be unnecessarily expensive; purchases silver water pitcher on eBay for $433; photo (M)')('2006031', 'FYI column answers questions about where to play Skee-Ball in Manhattan, why Parks Department shreds felled trees instead of leaving them on street for firewood and tile designs at 28th Street subway station; drawing (M)')('2006031', 'Armchair MBA column interview with consulting firm McKinsey & Co chairman Michael Patsalos-Fox; he discusses changes in business environment, life cycle of businesses and corporations, prospects for growth and competition in various industries; drawing (M)')('2006031', 'David W Gow Jr letter comments on Leon WiB')('2006031', 'Carol Kolb describes how she and her boyfriend would go to same coffee shop each morning for coffee and cookies and how this routine became problematic after one of shop employees decided they were his favorite customers and started giving them more cookies than they wanted; drawing (M)')('2006031', 'Profile of Leo Gregory, who plays Brian Jones in new movie Stoned; photos (L)')('2006031', "The African Game, new book, documents Africa's soccer fanatics; photo (S)")('2006031', 'Paul Smith comments on collection of bicycles, the favorite being handmade model by Rasmus Gjesing of Cykelmageren in Copenhagen; photo (S)')('2006031', 'Features of Palm Treo smart phone described; photo (M)')('2006031', 'BUCKEYES AN')('2006031', 'Mark Ellwood article on taking classes in poise and manners at Finishing Academy for gentlemen at Lickleyhead Castle near Aberdeen, Scotland; photo (M)')('2006031', 'Reading File column; excerpts from Lakshmi Chaudhry article on www.inthesetimes.com, Ronald Dworkin essay in New York Review of Books and Tim Cavanaugh article in Reason magazine; Chaudhry photo (M)')('2006031', 'James Levine, musical director of Metropolitan Opera in New York City, will miss rest of season because shoulder injury after fall; Met searches for replacement (M)')('2006031', 'Garmin Rino 530 two-way radio has electronic compass, seven-channel weather radio and GPS receiver; photo (S)')('2006031', 'Amendment, sponsored by Sens Joseph I Lieberman and Carl Levin, would require disclosure of money spent on kind of grassroots campaigns that involve paying lobbyists to recruit large numbers of people to call, write or e-mail their lawmakers and press their views on controversial issues; leading Republican senators have distanced themselves from amendment to point where its survival is doubtful (M)')('2006031', "Author Slavoj Zizek Op-Ed article holds that today, when religion is emerging as wellspring of murderous violence around world, assurances that Christian, Muslim or Hindu fundamentalists are only abusing noble spiritual messages of their creeds ring increasingly hollow; contends that restoring dignity of atheism, one of Europe's greatest legacies, may be only chance for peace; drawing (M)")('2006031', 'March 5 picture caption with article about optimism in Africa referred incorrectly to opinion survey; it was conducted by Gallup International Association')('2006031', 'Profile of Jean-Claude Colban, co-president of Charvet, most prestigious shirtmaker in world; photo (M)')('2006031', 'Left wing Jeff Tambelliÿ')('2006031', 'Photo of delegation from Nador, Morocco, paying their respects at memorial to victims of March 11, 2004, train bombings in Madrid; some suspects arrested have been linked to militant groups in Morocco')('2006031', "James Traub on Democrats' efforts to regain control of Congress this November using lessons drawn from 1994, when Newt Gingrich used Contract With America to undo entrenched and unaccountable Democratic majorities in Congress; drawing (L)")('2006031', 'New Orleans resident Margaret Ann Newman letter praises New York Times for its coverage of Hurricane Katrina and aftermath')('2006031', "Photo of high-end men's watches")('2006031', 'Chapter 10 of Patricia Cornwell novel At Risk; drawing (L)')('2006031', 'Photo of Metropolitan Opera music director James Levine, who will miss rest of season because of needed shoulder surgery')('2006031', "Syracuse University men's basketball team defeats Pittsburgh University, 65-61, to win Big East tournament title; photos (M)2")('2006031', 'Suzy Menkes comments on sartorial images created by various actors who have portrayed James Bond in the movies; Ian Fleming let actors fashion look of his star agent; photos of Fleming and several Agents 007: Roger Moore, Timothy Dalton, Sean Connery, and new Bond, Daniel Craig (M)')('2006031', "Bustle around New York Tech Meetup, which began with just four attendees last year, reflects lively interest in New York's Silicon Alley; number of new-media companies have been involved in heady high-dollar deals that carry faint but alluring whiff of 1990's and startups are popping up again; New York Software Industry Assn has opened technology incubator at its Broad Street headquarters that now houses 14 new cmopanies; some of new start-ups noted; photos; map (M)")('2006031', 'Alex Rosenberg letter comments on Leon WiB')('2006031', 'Sam Harris letter disputes Leon Wieseltier Feb 19 review of Daniel C Dennett book Breaking the Spell: Religion as a Natural Phenomenon')('2006031', 'Kevin Dayton letter holds that movement among high schools to stop reporting class rank to colleges eliminates advantage deserved by students who manage to rank No 1')('2006031', 'Christopher Benfey reviews book Written Lives by Javier Marias; photo (M)')('2006031', "Roundup of past week's stock market results; graphs (M)")('2006031', 'Cuba prepares to face Venezuela in second round of World Baseball Classic; photos (M)n')('2006031', "Saturday's all-day soaking rain in area of Phoenix, Ariz, is first rain to fall in 143 days or since Oct 18; drought beats previous record of 101 consecutive days without rain in 1999 and 2000; snow blankets area to north (M)")('2006031', "Art of Science, three-day lecture series, will begin on March 28 as part of Farmingdale State University's Distinguished Speakers Program; photo (S)")('2006031', 'Research conducted by Frank Russell Company senior analyst Mahesh Pritamani shows weak historical correlation between fluctuations in dollar and rise and fall of stock market; holds that multinational companies that dominate market are largely immmune to effects of currency fluctuations; says 50 of largest publicly traded companies in United States account for 41 percent of combined market value in entire domestic stock market; asserts that investors will not gain insight into market by analyzing dollar; graph (M)')('2006031', 'Jonathan Tapia and Delly Collado are found dead inside car in closed garage in Queens; car was locked and engine was running; couple apparently died by accidentally inhaling carbon monoxide fumes; photo (M)')('2006031', 'Photo of firefighters battling brush fire on Staten Island, NY')('2006031', 'Vows column on wedding of Herman Atkins and Machara Hogue in Long Beach, Calif; photos; Atkins served prison sentence for 1986 rape and robbery before being exonerated with help of Innocence Project, and released in 2000 (M)')('2006031', "Adam Cohen, in Editorial Observer column, holds that bloggers Markos Moulitsas Zuniga and Jerome Armstrong have written book, Crashing the Gate, which offers comically depressing glimpse of today's Democratic Party; notes that they argue for importance of 'netroots,' or Internet grass roots, which have been growing political force since Moveon.org formed in 1998 (M)")('2006031', 'Westchester Coalition for the Hungry and Homeless executive director Rosa Boone letter on February 26 article on closing of Westhab Family Center shelter in Elmsford, NY')('2006031', "New York Yankees have great expectations of new third-base coach Larry Bowa, who is often described as 'fiery'; photos (M)")('2006031', 'Photo of elegant establishments in and around St James and Mayfair neighborhoods of London that cater to proper gentlemen; photos; map (M)')('2006031', "Photo of men's shirts with dot patterns")('2006031', "Boston College men's basketball team defeats North Carolina University, 85-82, in Atlantic Coast Conference semifinals; Duke University defeats Wake Forest University, 78-66; photo (M)")('2006031', "Photo of men's travel kits stocked with all essential grooming aids; photo (M)")('2006031', "Andy Stewart starts Sail.tv sailing channel, which is broadcast on Internet; video is allowed to reach large audience at far lower costs than satellite television channel; channel is part of trend of traditional media increasingly moving programming online through downloads or streaming programs which can be watched over high-speed connections; Internet gives medium for programming that would not be successful on prime-time television; experts believe next wave of video will serve special interests that appeal to niche rather than mass audiences; programmers are learning to work with online giants, such as Google and Apple's iTunes to reach larger viewership; drawing; photos (M)")('2006031', 'David BÔ')('2006031', 'William J Glick letter on new regulations regarding executive pay; holds that compensation should be explained to investing public by expressing it in cost per share as well as absolute terms (S)')('2006031', 'Multimillionaire Klaas Zwart builds his own private auto racetrack near Ronda, Spain; photo (S)')('2006031', "Randall Stross Digital Domain column on accuracy of Wikipedia Internet encyclopedia; questions credibility of sources that are anonymous and that can change entries at any time; suggests Wikipedia should appoint experts to check entries for blatant mistakes or various forms of vandalism that often show up on site; founder Jimmy Wales trusts process; insists encyclopedia's constant scrutiny and ceaseless editing is key to its reliability; photo (M)")('2006031', 'SHOULD A')('2006031', "Slobodan Milosevic spent four years trying to cast himself before tribunal at The Hague as misunderstood man bent on defending long-suffering Serbian people; Croats, Bosnian Muslims and Kosovo Albanians all provided material for Milosevic to engineer his 'giddy apotheosis' from humdrum career as banker and Communist bureaucrat to ruler of exceptional ruthlessness; argued before tribunal that wars are nasty, but plan for Greater Serbia brutally emptied of non-Serbs was invention of Serbia's enemies; photos (L)")('2006031', 'Lawrence Downes revie')('2006031', 'Carman O Sadeghi letter lauds benefits of student and cultural exchange programs, and holds such programs should be expanded; contends exchange program to Iran, Pakistan or Afghanistan would be good thing')('2006031', "Lisa Belkin Life's Work column on women who have made difference like Dr Jan Brunstrom, cerebral palsy sufferer who overcame obstacles to become doctor and is now role model to youngsters with cerebral palsy; Dawn Staley, who survived life in Philadelphia housing projects to become professional basketball player and coach, and Zainab Salbi, who fled Iraq for United States and founded group that provides microcredit loans and job training to women in war-ravaged countries; drawing (M)")('2006031', 'Photo of fashion accessories; photos (M)')('2006031', 'Sketches of some contemporary dandies: Jay McInerney, Tom Wolfe, Diddy, Andre 3000, Bryan Ferry, Elton John and Karl Lagerfeld; photos (S)')('2006031', "William Safire On Language column comments on expression 'clean your clock'; comments on what to call war that US is currently fighting: Iraqi war, Gulf war II, war on terror, global struggle against terrorism, or clash of civilizations (M)")('2006031', 'SHOULD A')('2006031', 'William J Glick letter on new regulations regarding executive pay; holds that compensation should be explained to investing public by expressing it in cost per share as well as absolute terms (S)')('2006031', 'Multimillionaire Klaas Zwart builds his own private auto racetrack near Ronda, Spain; photo (S)')('2006031', "Randall Stross Digital Domain column on accuracy of Wikipedia Internet encyclopedia; questions credibility of sources that are anonymous and that can change entries at any time; suggests Wikipedia should appoint experts to check entries for blatant mistakes or various forms of vandalism that often show up on site; founder Jimmy Wales trusts process; insists encyclopedia's constant scrutiny and ceaseless editing is key to its reliability; photo (M)")('2006031', "Springfield, Mass, is victim of decimated industrial base, middle-class flight and seemingly intractable poverty; years of government mismanagement and corruption that have left it at risk of bankruptcy; city once boasted impressive stock of elegant homes, but is now filled with decrepit buildings; Gov Mitt Romney's plan has authorized $52 million loan and put city under direction of financial control board to oversee recovery; photos; map (M)")('2006031', 'Senators Hillary Rodham Clinton of New York and Joseph Lieberman and Christopher Dodd of Connecticut offer support to Save the Sound, Connecticut Fund for the Environment and Citizens Campaign for the Environment, groups that contend that liquefied natural gas plant in Long Island Sound proposed by Broadwater Energy is bad idea and unnecessary; groups release report by Synapse Energy Economics commissioned by Connecticut Fund for the Environment that contends two plants under construction in Canada could deliver gas through regional pipeline before Broadwater plant could be built; photos (M)')('2006031', "My average day is actually pretty predictable when I'm not out on an operation. Being a creature of habit I try to stick to the routine I have found. It seems the more I repeat my endless iterations of eating, sleeping, working, and exercising, the faster the calendar pages flip. Now, it's not as if [...]")('2006031', 'In negotiating his lopsided truce with Richard Parsons over his failed campaign to carve up Time Warner, Carl Icahn apparently forgot to negotiate one crucial point: He should have asked for the magazine rights. Without them, Mr. Icahn must now endure the slings and arrows of Ken Auletta’s long feature story in the New Yorker. […]')('2006031', 'Wall Street seems to be expecting smaller banks to follow the lead of North Fork Bancorporation. That bank, which agreed on Monday to be acquired by Capital One Financial for $14.6 billion, is just one of the many regional banking players that analysts and investors have long expected to undergo a consolidation. In recent years, […]')('2006031', 'The Inman News Service, which specializes in real estate news, runs a blog. Bradley Inman posted an item there about what he calls the "real estate industry\'s elephant in the room" - falling commissions. He said, "It is happening now. Why?" His question got more than 200 responses. (It\'s hard to get into the Inman [...]')('2006031', 'I\'ve written a couple of columns recently focusing on growing income inequality, and intend to write more. Until then, however, I thought readers might find a few further notes on the subject useful. Personal history Self-serving things first. Some readers have written in saying, in effect, "Oh, so now you\'re worried about the middle class. [...]')('2006031', 'As Watson Pharmaceuticals coughs up $1.9 billion to acquire rival Andrx, one analyst is speculating that other makers of geneic drugs will face increased pressure to bulk up as well. In a research note Monday, Citigroup‘s Andrew Swanson said a possible follow-up deal could be Barr Pharmaceuticals deciding to buy Mylan Laboratories. With a market […]')('2006031', 'Readers respond to Paul Krugman\'s Mar. 13 column, "The Right\'s Man" Yuliya Gorenman, Silver Spring, Md.: Finally, the honeymoon with McCain is over. It was always accepted that his strongest suit was his character. But this is exactly where I find weakness, inconsistency and belligerence. It is inconceivable how some people thought he should have [...]')('2006031', 'As McClatchy lays out its plans for acquiring newspaper chain Knight Ridder, the fate of a one-third stake in CareerBuilder, an online classifieds business, remains unclear. PaidContent.org points out that Knight Ridder co-owns CareerBuilder with rival publishers Gannett and Tribune, each of which has first right of refusal on a sale. In a conference call […]')('2006031', 'If you are trying to reach the chief executive of Goldman Sachs, don’t fire up your Microsoft Outlook. In a Fortune magazine series called “How I Work,” Goldman’s Hank Paulson discloses that although he wades through a “couple hundred voicemails a day,” he has never used electronic mail. As it happens, e-mail aversion isn’t so […]')('2006031', 'Talk about a slow news day. Newspaper stocks barely budged on Monday despite word that McClatchy would buy newspaper chain Knight Ridder for $4.5 billion. Shares of Gannett,E.W. Scripps , Dow Jones and the Tribune Company all finished the day within 1 percent of where they closed on Friday. The New York Times Company, which […]')('2006031', 'An acquisition vehicle led by Wayne Huizenga’s longtime lieutenant has agreed to merge with Jamba Juice, a privately held chain that serves fruity shakes to the health-conscious set. The unusual deal will combine Jamba Juice with Steve Berrard’s publicly traded Services Acquisition Corporation, a so-called blank check company formed last year for the sole purpose […]')('2006031', 'Pinnacle Entertainment is buying Aztar for $1.45 billion in cash, in a deal to extend its reach in Las Vegas and Atlantic City. The deal will give Pinnacle the Tropicana hotel and casino properties in both cities. “We intend to create a nationwide casino network, not unlike that of our larger competitors,” Pinnacle’s chief executive, […]')('2006031', 'Nearly five years after announcing its initial $18 million round of venture capital funding, Kontiki and its backers are ready to cash out. The company, which uses peer-to-peer technology — think Napster, but legal — to deliver video and software over the Web, will sell itself to VeriSign for $64 million. Based on its public […]')('2006031', 'Barclays has agreed to sell its 43.7 percent stake in FirstCaribbean International Bank to CIBC for $1.08 billion. FirstCaribbean is one the of the biggest banks in the English-speaking Caribbean. Go to Article From Reuters »')('2006031', 'After working with Capital One Financial on some less splashy acquisitions, J.P. Morgan and Citigroup have moved up to the big time. The two investment banks are advising Capital One in its $14.6 billion deal to acquire North Fork Bancorporation, a union that would create one of the 10 largest banks in the United States […]')('2006031', 'Readers respond to Paul Krugman\'s Mar. 10 column, "The Conservative Epiphany" Laura Arasmo, Saint Petersburg, Fla.: I guess you could assert that the folks you mention are missing character and wit. As I observed some time ago, people believe what they want to believe, and fix or ignore facts to fit their preferences. Those who [...]')('2006031', 'Capital One Financial has agreed to acquire the North Fork Bancorporation for about $14.6 billion in cash and stock. Shares of North Fork shot up more than 16 percent in early trading onMonday. The acquisition, which was announced on Monday morning, would give Capital One a strong retail banking foothold in the Northeast as growth […]')('2006031', 'Readers respond to Bob Herbert\'s March 13 column, "Gross Neglect." Maria Matan, Novato, Calif.: Thank you for your recent articles about the failure of our society and its systems to care for our children. I believe it starts with the lack of education regarding parenting and its awesome responsibilities, along with a lack of education [...]')('2006031', 'J.P. Morgan, the United States investment bank has been forced to drop out as co-adviser to the Nasdaq Stock Market in its talks with the London Stock Exchange. The London exchange has a longstanding relationship with J.P. Morgan’s joint venture in Britain, J.P. Morgan Casenove. Those ties made for an awkward conflict of interest as […]')('2006031', '')('2006031', 'Two women offer advice to single women and newly single women on how to handle real estate. The book, titled "The Tao Gal\'s Guide to Real Estate: Six Modern Women Discover the Ancient Art of Finding, Owning and Making a Home," was written by Michelle Huneven and Bernadette Murphy: Huneven and Murphy, a literary critic, [...]')('2006031', 'It’s only March, but PricewaterhouseCoopers is already forecasting that 2006 could bring the most media- and entertainment-related deal activity in the last six years. (Deals, by their definition, include spinoffs and minority squeeze-outs as well as mergers and acquisitions.) Why the uptick? Private-equity megafunds, shareholder activism and investors’ growing distaste for conglomerates, to name a […]')('2006031', 'Livedoor, the Japanese Internet company accused of securities fraud, says it may sell a stake to outside investors after a raid on its offices set off a 91 percent slide in market value. Go to Article from Bloomberg News » The Tokyo Stock Exchange says it will delist Livedoor shares in mid-April. Go to Article […]')('2006031', 'British directory publisher Yell Group has hired Goldman Sachs to advise it on a potential bid for Telefonica’s TPI directories business, The Sunday Times of London reported. Telefonica said in February it was considering selling its 60 percent stake in TPI. Yell, the dominant directory publisher in Britain, has used a series of major acquisitions […]')('2006031', 'Australian Gas Light, the nation’s biggest energy utility, countered a takeover plan from Alinta by offering A$2.72 billion ($2 billion) in shares for the smaller rival. Go to Article from Bloomberg News »')('2006031', 'Toll Holdings Ltd., Australia’s biggest freight carrier, may win a seven-month hostile bid for port operator Patrick Corporation after the antitrust regulator dropped its opposition to the A$4.3 billion ($3.1 billion) offer. Go to Article from Bloomberg News »')('2006031', 'Morgan Stanley, which bought $8 billion of Japanese real estate last year, says it will triple investment in Chinese property this year, shifting emphasis from Japan in a bet on the world’s fastest-growing major economy. The world’s third-biggest securities firm will add $3 billion to investments in China this year, Sonny Kalsi, global head of […]')('2006031', 'Brad Grey, chairman of Paramount Pictures, may have ties to Anthony Pellicano, the celebrity private detective who is at the center of a mushrooming federal investigation that has consumed Hollywood for months, and who was indicted on wiretapping and conspiracy charges last month, according to the accounts of several people involved in the investigation. Go […]')('2006031', 'Nasdaq‘s bid for the London Stock Exchange may spark broader European consolidation. Euronext and Deutsche Boerse won’t want to be gobbled up by whichever American exchange misses out on L.S.E. And it’s not just exchange executives who will be thinking hard. National politicians will probably be keen to see exchanges merge. Investors are clearly keen […]')('2006031', 'A consortium of Western banks led by Société Générale of France filed a lawsuit in Moscow on Friday to declare the Yukos oil company bankrupt just over a year after the Kremlin seized its largest production asset amid a politically tinged tax dispute. Go to Article from The New York Times via The International Herald […]')('2006031', 'Dana Corporation said Friday it hopes to emerge from bankruptcy within 18 months, and its chief executive told creditors that the auto parts company plans to further wean itself off of three major customers, the Big Three auto makers. Go to Article from The Globe and Mail »')('2006031', 'A federal court in Houston was supposed to be the stage this week for one of the most indisputably evil of white-collar criminals, Andrew S. Fastow, to incriminate his notorious ex-bosses at Enron and then get ripped to shreds by their lawyers. It didn’t entirely work out that way. Yes, Fastow gave damaging evidence against […]')('2006031', 'Negotiations that led to the pending merger of Cinergy and Duke Energy involved lots of give-and-take over board seats, executive job titles and severance costs, a recent merger filing shows. Close observers say that was inevitable because the deal’s two protagonists — Cinergy CEO Jim Rogers and Duke Chief Executive Paul Anderson — are known […]')('2006031', 'The New York Times reports on the odd fact that the crypt prices in the Detroit cemetery where Rosa Park lies have gone up in price. More odd facts on this little corner of the real estate world: The idea of spending eternity with the famous has a certain appeal. Hugh Hefner, founder of Playboy [...]')('2006031', 'Power Finance Corporation, a state-run Indian lender to electricity utilities, plans to sell shares in an initial public offering because it wants to increase lending, Chairman and Managing Director V.K. Garg said. The loan provider aims to sell 150 million shares to local and overseas investors by mid-May, Garg said in a telephone interview from […]')('2006031', 'Sir Christopher Gent, who helped build Vodafone Group into the world’s largest mobile phone company, gave up an honorary position at the company on Sunday amid reports suggesting that he was trying to undermine the current chief executive, Arun Sarin. Sir Christopher said in an e-mailed statement that it was with “much regret” that he […]')('2006031', 'Goldman Sachs Group Inc., the world’s second-biggest securities firm by market value, may report a record profit tomorrow, led by investment gains and fees from advising in mergers. Goldman’s stake in Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Group Inc. gained as shares of the Tokyo-based bank rose 13 percent in the fiscal first quarter. The New York-based firm […]')('2006031', 'It might take two years for popular online nonprofit encyclopedia Wikipedia to raise $1 million. But for Wikia, the for-profit company from Wikipedia’s co-founder Jimmy Wales, all it took was a single stroke of the pen to raise four times as much. The New York venture capital firm Bessemer Venture Partners is investing $4 million […]')('2006031', 'The San Francisco Chronicle talks to David Lereah, the National Association of Realtors\' chief economist, about his book, "Why the Real Estate Boom Will Not Bust: And How You Can Profit From It." Mr. Lereah explains why he is staying sunny. He says to watch the percentage of mortgage debt as it relates to income, [...]')('2006031', 'Shares of the London Stock Exchange surged as much as 24 percent after the Nasdaq Stock Market offered 2.4 billion pounds ($4.1 billion) to buy the 308-year-old exchange and create the first trans-Atlantic equity market. While the L.S.E. rejected the Nasdaq’s offer Friday, the two will soon resume takeover discussions, as the New York Stock […]')('2006031', 'A group of buyout firms including Blackstone Group and Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co. may team with Portuguese entrepreneur Miguel Pais do Amaral in a bid for the country’s biggest telephone company, said people with knowledge of the talks. Lisbon-based Portugal Telecom SPGS last month received an unsolicited 10.7 billion-euro ($12.7 billion) offer from Sonaecom […]')('2006031', 'Intel Capital is bucking the trend of corporations pulling out of the private equity market. Last year, Dell Inc. closed its investment shop, Dell Ventures, about a month after Applied Materials Inc. shut down its VC arm, Applied Materials Ventures. But Intel is expanding its presence across the United States, including in Austin, Tex., where […]')('2006031', 'In the chess game between the cable companies and their nemeses, the Bell phone companies, the Bells may be gaining ground. Phone mergers – including AT&T‘s recent proposal to take over BellSouth – could give the Bells more power to cut prices, move faster into television and expand their advantage in the wireless market. For […]')('2006031', "From this week's real estate gossip columns: L.A. Times' Hot Property: Bob Newhart is selling a home for $22 million that he bought for $4 million 16 years ago; Michael Milken buys a condo. N.Y. Post's Gimmee Shelter: Billionaire Ron Burkle is looking to spend $50 million on New York City home. (He'll get the [...]")('2006031', 'In his book about dishonesty on Wall Street, “Confessions of a Wall Street Analyst: A True Story of Inside Information and Corruption in the Stock Market”, Dan Reingold takes aim rival Jack Grubman. Mr. Grubman, erstwhile analyst for Salomon Smith Barney, was the most influential analyst of the ’90s. Although a little bit of envy […]')('2006031', 'One of Denver’s largest law firms is in merger talks that could add nearly 80 lawyers to its rolls. Sherman & Howard is negotiating with Phoenix-based Jennings Strouss & Salmon, which has 77 lawyers, primarily in Phoenix. Sherman & Howard has 130 lawyers in Denver, making it the second-largest firm based here, tied with Holme […]')('2006031', 'Capitalia, whose shares rose 7 percent last week on merger speculation, said it purchased a 2 percent stake in Banca Intesa worth 696 million euros ($827 million), a move that may thwart a possible takeover bid for Capitalia by Italy’s second-largest bank. Under Italian takeover law if Intesa now buys shares in Capitalia, its voting […]')('2006031', 'Research In Motion said Friday that it has acquired Ascendent Systems, a privately held software firm, and released an updated version of its corporate server, giving it new tools to more tightly connect its BlackBerry to corporate phone and data services. Go to Article from Reuters via CNN Money »')('2006031', 'As part of McClatchy’s Deal for Knight Ridder, it said it would sell 12 Knight Ridder newspapers, including the Philadelphia Inquirer and San Jose Mercury News. Others include Knight Ridder’s other Philadelphia paper, the Daily News; Akron Beacon Journal (OH); Wilkes Barre Times Leader (PA); Aberdeen American News (SD); Grand Forks Herald (ND); Ft. Wayne […]')('2006031', 'For more than a decade, the five largest talent agencies — Endeavor, ICM, William Morris Agency, Creative Artists Agency and United Talent Agency — have operated without a significant buyout or start-up in their circle. But in recent months, as a wave of acquisitions has shrunk the number of buyers that agents sell to, many […]')('2006031', 'Media companies are still hungry. Is there much left for them to consume that they’ll find satisfying? As digital-era media companies like Yahoo and Google, as well as traditional media companies, continue to scour the Internet for emerging content and technology companies, they are finding he pickings of obvious acquisition candidates slimming. That leaves the […]')('2006031', 'A German drug and chemical company, Merck KGaA, plans to make a hostile bid of 14.9 billion euros ($17.7 billion) on Monday for its German rival, Schering, the target company said. Schering, the world’s largest maker of oral contraceptives, said it intended to reject the unsolicited offer. Go to Article from The New York Times […]')('2006031', 'Knight Ridder, the second-largest newspaper company in the United States, announced this morning that it agreed to sell itself for about $4.5 billion in cash and stock to the McClatchy Company, a publisher half its size. McClatchy will pay $67.25 per share consisting of $40.00 in cash and a fixed fraction of .5118 of a […]')('2006031', 'When the Paramount Pictures unit of Viacom announced two months ago that it would acquire DreamWorks SKG for $1.6 billion, the deal was heralded as a “coup” and a “fantasy come true” by the news media and analysts alike. It is too bad that so many investors and analysts became star-struck, because they appear to […]')('2006031', 'There may be more merger action in the mutual-fund sector, as banks, brokerages and insurers decide to sell out rather than run the risk of seeming to favor their own funds. That’s the theory set out by Lawrence Strauss of Barron’s, who makes the case that the Merrill Lynch–BlackRock deal was hardly the last of […]')('2006031', 'In a response to my Step inside the paddock post, a reader came up with the very interesting question, "Why do drivers need someone else to help apply their safety belts in the race car?" Her question came in over the night long after I left the paddock. But reading her email in the lobby [...]')('2006031', 'The week ahead will bring three closely watched votes on what may the hottest corporate-governance issue out there: majority election proposals. Shareholders of Analog Devices, Ciena and Hewlett-Packard will cast their ballots on proposals that would require company directors to get a majority of votes in their favor — as opposed to just a plurality […]')('2006031', 'The Los Angeles Times published three conservative critics of President Bush in its Sunday "Current" section, as part of an examination of what the paper calls the "conservative crackup." University of Chicago political scientist (and blogger) Daniel W. Drezner says the president\'s trouble with conservatives stems from his foreign policy. "When Bush\'s [poll] numbers were [...]')('2006031', 'Annie Proulx, who wrote the short story on which "Brokeback Mountain" was based, gives her take in the Guardian on getting snubbed by the Oscars for Best Picture : We should have known conservative heffalump academy voters would have rather different ideas of what was stirring contemporary culture. Roughly 6,000 film industry voters, most in [...]')('2006031', 'Two of the first directors named to Morgan Stanley’s board last summer were members of the Golf Club of Purchase in Westchester County, where John J. Mack, Morgan Stanley’s chief executive, is a member, as are two of his recent appointees to the investment bank’s management committee. Charles R. Schwab, the founder and chairman of […]')('2006031', "Selborne Journal: 13 & 14 March 1759: Carted 20 loads of hot dung into the melon-ground for the Cantaleupes: seven of my own, & thirteen borrowed. VK: This entry speaks for itself, as do most of Gilbert White's entries. But it's worth remembering that all this effort–and from whom could you borrow 13 loads of [...]")('2006031', 'In this lesson, students discuss the military\'s "don\'t ask, don\'t tell" policy regarding sexual orientation and restage the arguments leading up to the Supreme Court\'s recent unanimous decision in Rumsfeld v. FAIR. For homework, they write essays evaluating the merits of the decision.')('2006031', 'The Washington Post editorial page has announced an occasional series on inequality in America. Sunday\'s opening editorial notes that the wages of the typical American worker fell from 1980 to 2004, while the wages of the top 10 percent "jumped by more than a quarter." The Post fears the trend is permanent: "Depending on which [...]')('2006031', 'Failure to Launch snags No 1 spot at box office with $24.6 million in ticket sales; The Shaggy Dog takes No 2 spot with $16 million and The Hills Have Eyes is No 3 with $15.5 million; photo (S)')('2006031', 'Jon Pareles reviews new CD by Nicolai Dunger; photo (M)')('2006031', "Southern University men's basketball team will face Duke University in first round of NCAA tournament; photo (M)3")('2006031', "Paul D Kreisinger letter says Paul Krugman's March 10 column rightly exposes certain conservatives' reluctant recognition of mendacity and failure of Bush administration's policies")('2006031', "Men's college basketball brackets discussed for NCAA tournament; chart; photos (M).")('2006031', "Seton Hall University men's basketball team is invited to NCAA tournament; photo (M)s")('2006031', 'US defeats Japan, 4-3, in second round of World Baseball Classic; photos (M)1')('2006031', 'Sculpture by German artist Gregor Schneider may have home in Hamburg, Germany, after being rejected by Venice and Berlin (S)6')('2006031', "Record eight Big East Conference men's basketball programs are selected to NCAA Tournament; photos (M)0")('2006031', "Kansas University men's basketball team defeats Texas University, 80-68, to win Big 12 tournament (M)")('2006031', "New York State Senate is expected to approve budget that will give New York City $140 million it needs to complete this year's portion of its five-year school construction plan; Mayor Michael R Bloomberg, who exerted considerable pressure on senators to come up with money, is criticized by school advocates for focusing on buildings and not seeking money for classroom programs as well; Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver wants Bloomberg's support for his effort to change existing state formulas and give billions more to New York City schools, but Bloomberg may be reluctant to side with Assembly and risk alienating Senate (M)")('2006031', 'Cuba defeats Venezuela, 7-2ú')('2006031', 'Jonathan Gordon letter on visceral reaction to every case of child abuse; says only way he can think of to tackle program is to uplift entire at-risk population through jobs, education, family planning and other social services')('2006031', 'Maurice J Baumgarten letter says that as trial lawyer he does not understand why judges permit attorneys to ask potential jurors questions that go beyond narrow inquiry')('2006031', 'Phillip Alder bridge column on play by Cezary Balicki, world champion from Poland, at Hilton Head Regional; diagram (M)')('2006031', 'Political Memo reports that prospective Republican presidential candidates trying to distinguish their messages and distance themselves from administration are settling on central issue of curbing spending that has soared under Pres Bush; those addressing southern Republicans in Memphis call for cutting or slowing spending across board, retooling bedrock entitlement programs and enacting line-item veto; also attack earmarks used to fund pet projects; speakers include Bill Frist, John McCain, Mitt Romney and George Allen (M)')('2006031', "TODAY'S LESSON ABOUT THE BR")('2006031', 'Kelefa Sanneh reviews new CD by rapper E-40 (M)')('2006031', 'Letter from Michael Burke, whose firefighter brother died at World Trade Center, says Sept 11 memorial does not belong in Washington but at site of attacks')('2006031', 'Group of 20 rabbis, all graduate students at Yeshiva University, attend course at Jewish law at Genesis Fertility Center in Brooklyn, where they learn of latest advances in reproductive technology and study e their consequences under Jewish law; photo (M)')('2006031', 'Gilbert Y Steiner, authority on American welfare and family policies and longtime fellow at Brookings Institution, died March 1 at age 81 (S)')('2006031', "This year's European Fine Art Fair in Netherlands will feature modern works by Picasso, Magritte, Mondrian and others alongside usual world-class collection of old-master paintings; change is effort to capitalize on tremendous growth of modern art market and carve out niche that organizers hope will make fair new destination for lovers of modern and contemporary art; photos (M)")('2006031', 'Egyptian cultural minister Farouk Hosni announces that team of German archaeologists have unnearthed 17 statues of goddess Sekhmet during restoration work at ancient temple near Luxor; photo (S)')('2006031', 'Eleven-year-old Brooklyn boy dies in fire in Bridgeton, NJ, at house where he was visiting; his 15-year-old cousin is in critical but stable condition; photo')('2006031', "Hedge fund manager Joseph M Jacobs wants to build 39,000-square-foot mansion in Conyers Farm neighborhood of Greenwich, Conn, and neighbors are angry, contending that mansion is too big; architect's sketch of 224-foot-wide face of proposed house; photos of four homes in Greenwich--none in Conyers Farm--that top 30,000 square feet (L)")('2006031', "Syracuse University men's basketball team w6")('2006031', "Bernie Geoffrion, Montreal Canadiens' Hall of Fame wing who popularized slap shot and earned enduring nickname Boom Boom, dies at age 75; photo in 1954 (S)")('2006031', 'Chief Judge Judith Kaye letter on child abuse and neglect as pervasive problem associated with substance abuse and poverty; suggests more adoptions as lifeline for at-risk children')('2006031', "Arts, Briefly; Kerouac's 'Beat Gener")('2006031', "Women's NCAA tournament seedings, to be announced, are discussed (M)")('2006031', 'Snowboarder Jonatan')('2006031', 'Jason Zinoman reviews play Hard Right, written and directed by David Barth; Stacy Shane, Jeremy Beck and Dylan Price star (M)')('2006031', "Gov George E Pataki's Virginia-based political action committee, 21st Century Freedom State PAC, has received three $25,000 contributions so far this year from groups with interests before New York State government; they are New York State Correctional Officers and Police Benevolent Assn, which is seeking changes to Pataki's proposed budget, Stephen M Ross of Related Companies, one of developers chosen by Pataki administration to turn New York City's main post office into new transportation hub, and Akin Gump Strauss Hauer & Feld, Washington-based law firm that has won large lobbying contracts from state in recent years; Pataki spokesman says that donations did not influence state actions (S)")('2006031', 'Anna Marly, Russian-born singer who wrote melody to French Resistance anthem and whose singing and whistling on the radio inspired anti-Nazi underground, died Feb 15 at age 88; photo (M)')('2006031', 'New York Yankees pitcher Shawn Chacon will likely be named starter this season (M)0')('2006031', 'Nate Chinen reviews new CD by SFJAZZ Collective; photo (M)')('2006031', 'Jon Pareles reviews new CD by SheDaisy; photo (M)')('2006031', "Murray Chass On Baseball column discusses World Baseball Classic's Japan team manager Sadaharu Oh, who was also Yomiuri Giants first baseman who hit 868 home runs in 20 years; photo (M)")('2006031', 'Ben Ratliff reviews three disc set Music of Central Asia; photo (M)')('2006031', "William and Patricia Burke say they will be able to stay on their farm in Lowville, NY, after they retire thanks to lease payments they will receive on seven wind turbines that are part of Maple Ridge Wind Farm; wind farm, partnership of Goldman Sachs's Horizon Wind Energy and PPM Energy, has 120 turbines and will have 195 when complete, for total cost estimated between $450 million and $550 million; will be able to generate 320 megawatts of electricity, equivalent of midsize power plant; photos; map (L)")('2006031', 'Jonah Keri Keeping Score column discuss0')('2006031', "Letter from Drs Abraham L Halpern and Barbara E O'Connell on shackling of prisoners in labor reports that even least dangerous inmates are subjected to painful restrictions when taken to outside prisons")('2006031', "New York City Health and Hospitals Corp, which operates 11 hospitals and serves large proportion of city's poor and uninsured, is projecting $509.9 million deficit in next fiscal year, with expenses rising because of higher labor and benefits costs; Mayor Michael Bloomberg reiterates his view that state budget would shortchange city hospitals (M)")('2006031', 'Atlanta Thrashers defeat New York Rangers, 3-2, in overtime; photo (M)U')('2006031', 'New York Mets second baseman Jeff Keppinger is unlikely to make roster; photo (M)o')('2006031', "Hofstra University men's basketball team is not given bid to NCAA tournament after loss to North Carolina University-Wilmington in Colonial Conference tournament final; photo (M)")('2006031', 'Jimmie Johnson wins UAW-DaimlerChrysler 400 (M)')('2006031', 'Letter from Luc Montagnier and George M Worthington of Friends of the World Foundation for AIDS Research says that treatment access for children, while welcome, still fails to address vast and complex problem of AIDS in Africa')('2006031', "Prof Randolph Jonakait letter on Judge Morris B Hoffman's March 7 Op-Ed calling for end to peremptory challenges; suggests reducing their number but not abolishing way to remove potential jurors who almost all would agree are biased")('2006031', "Ben Ratliff Critic's Notebook on induction of Miles Davis into Rock and Roll Hall of Fame; holds that Davis's identification as rock star, and not simply as 'early influence' on rock and roll, speaks to his desire to not be permanently linked with jazz and to evolve along with music scene around him; photo (M)")('2006031', "Gary Barnett's request for tax breaks and other incentives from New York City to build 30-story global diamond exchange on West 47th Street is opposed by number of landlords and diamond merchants on street; they fear that Barnett's tower will steal all the best tenants and leave rest of diamond district a 'ghost town'; Barnett plans state-of-the-art building that would house retailers, wholesalers, jewelry makers, diamond cutters, mining companies, shippers, banks, their safes and high-security garage; photo (M)")('2006031', 'Google seeks publishers in United States and Britain who would be willing to sell permanent online access to books through Book Search site; claims to be two months away from offering consumers ability to buy full text books online (S)')('2006031', 'Phil Patton Autos On Monday/Design column discusses history of automotive art; photos (M)')('2006031', 'Police Comr Raymond W Kelly says DNA evidence shows conclusively that blood found on plastic ties used to bind Imette St Guillen, 24-year-old graduate student who was sexually assaulted, strangled and dumped in Brooklyn marshland on Feb 25, belongs to Darryl Littlejohn, bouncer at Manhattan club where she was last seen alive; says evidence against Littlejohn, who is being held at Rikers Island on parole-violation charge, will be presented to grand jury that could hand up formal indictment within days; photos (L)')('2006031', 'Capitol One Financial Corp reportedly will acquire North Fork Bancorp for about $14.6 billion in cash and stock; deal would give Capital One strong retail banking foothold in Northeast and end independence of North Fork, which grew over last decade from small Long Island bank into regional player; North Fork chief executive John A Kanas will become banking president reporting to Capital One chief executive Richard D Fairbank (S)')('2006031', "Janet Maslin reviews book Rousseau's Dog: Two Great Thinkers at War in the Age of Enlightenment by David Edmonds and John Eidinow; photo (M)")('2006031', 'Steven M Mauren letter suggests referendum in which Iraqis could vote on whether they want US in their country or not')('2006031', 'Edward F Strasser letter says his experience as juror leads him to support peremptory challenges')('2006031', 'Iowa')('2006031', 'At least three people are killed when small plane with six aboard crashes in dense fog near private airport outside Old Bridge, NJ; at least two people, both teenagers, survive (S)')('2006031', 'New MTV reality series 8th & Ocean draws 2.4 million viewers; part 1 of Fox News interview with Howard Stern on Hannity & Colmes draws 1.83 million viewers; photo (S)')('2006031', "Juilliard School faces challenges as it receives donation of 139 original manuscripts, first editions, sketches and printer's proofs from billionaire Bruce Kovner; it is unusual for conservatory to receive such donation rather than established music library, such as Morgan Library; collection will be installed in specially built room by September 2009 and curator for collection will be hired shortly after; researchers will be granted access to collection only if they can show that facsimile will not suffice and they have 'serious purpose'; cost of collection will run into six-figure amount each year, with money coming out of Juilliard's general funds; photo (M)")('2006031', 'Richard J Crawford letter on importance of peremptory challenge in selecting jury')('2006031', 'Political landscape of Suffolk County, NY, has sifted, with once-all-powerful Republican Party fading and Democrats in ascendancy; Democrats now hold both Congressional seats in Suffolk, county executive and district attorney posts, and majority of Assembly seats; also control County Legislature, half the town boards, and half town supervisor posts; photos of Suffolk Democratic chairman Richard H Schaffer, who recruited Thomas J Spota, now district attorney, to switch to Democratic Party (M)')('2006031', 'Sheldon Bunin letter says forty years as trial lawyer has taught him that not all potential jurors are fair or impartial, and only safeguard is peremptory challenge')('2006031', 'Knight Ridder attracts only one newspaper bidder, McClatchy chain, in its highly publicized auction, underscoring fog hanging over industry (S)')('2006031', '.')('2006031', "This is a new blog about the pleasure of drinking wine, and beer and spirits, too. That's drinking rather than tasting.")('2006031', 'Wall Street swooned over Goldman Sachs on Tuesday after the investment bank unveiled earnings that flew past analysts’ expectations. Below, a representative quote courtesy of MarketWatch: “It’s tough to put in words how good a quarter it was — but we’ll try,” analyst Glenn Schorr with UBS wrote in an early research report. “Not only […]')('2006031', 'As shares of Juniper Networks shot up 5 percent on Tuesday, some market analysts attributed the rise to speculation that Ericsson, the Swedish wireless company, might buy the company. Both Juniper and Ericsson declined to comment, according to Reuters. Meanwhile, one analyst, though he acknowledged that the rumors were out there, said Juniper would be […]')('2006031', 'Google has not announced a deal to acquire Sun Microsystems — here is the story on those far-fetched rumors — but it has picked up another Internet start-up. As it has done with many corporate announcements in recent weeks, the Web search behemoth announced the news through an entry on its official blog. Tuesday’s update […]')('2006031', 'Le Chateau, a retailer of trendy casual clothing, saw its shares jump 15 percent on Tuesday after it said it hired an investment bank to explore strategic options, including a sale. Genuity Capital Markets is handling the review, which Le Chateau warned could take months and may end without any transaction. The company owns about […]')('2006031', 'A bill making its way through Congress could spur merger activity by making it cheaper for companies to divest assets, The Wall Street Journal reports. A group of investment banks are backing the measure, which would makde it easier for so-called Morris Trust transactions to qualify as tax free. The bill’s sponsor, Virginia Republican Rep. […]')('2006031', 'There is nothing quite like fear to get parties back to the negotiating table. As stock exchanges on both sides of the Atlantic consider various hookups, Euronext said Tuesday it would push to resume merger talks with German rival Deutsche Borse. Jean-Francois Theodore, Euronext’s chief executive, said in a conference call with journalists that his […]')('2006031', 'A hedge fund with ties to commercial real estate has bought a chunk of Mills Corporation, a troubled operator of shopping malls that is looking for a buyer. TheStreet.com is reporting on Tuesday that funds affiliated with Stark Investments paid $145.6 million for a 6.4 percent of Mills, according to a Securities and Exchange Commission […]')('2006031', 'Newspaper publisher McClatchy has locked in a breakup fee of nearly $172 million, payable if its proposed takeover target, Knight Ridder, fails to consummate the deal. The fee amounts to about 3.8 percent of the overall purchase price of $4.5 billion in cash and stock. According to a filing late Monday with the Securities and […]')('2006031', 'Antitrust watchdogs have waved through the Albertsons sale, which, especially given the hefty breakup fee involved, is happy news for grocery chain Supervalu and its consortium of buyers. Albertsons announced early Tuesday that the Federal Trade Commission has completed its pre-merger review of the deal without requiring any asset sales. If the $9.7 billion transaction […]')('2006031', 'Stung by production problems and a fourth-quarter loss, water filtration group Zenon Environmental has agreed to sell itself to General Electric for about $656 million. Zenon, based in Ontario, plans to carry out the all-cash transaction through a “plan of arrangement,” which its shareholders must approve, the company said in a press release on Tuesday. […]')('2006031', 'Thanks in part to its second-best quarter ever in investment banking, Goldman Sachs on Tuesday reported record revenue of $10.3 billion in the first quarter and a 62 percent rise in profits. The results blew past Wall Street’s forecasts. Go to AP Article via Yahoo News »')('2006031', "If you haven't seen my latest video report from Chad/Darfur, check it out. I can brag about it, because basically it's not my work but that of Naka Nathaniel, the web producer who often travels with me. He outdid himself this time.")('2006031', 'Some journalists have asked me about how to get access to the Darfur story. So let me put down a how-to primer for access - the story writes itself, but the problem is getting there. The basic choice is whether to go through Sudan or Chad. The advantage of Sudan is that then you get [...]')('2006031', 'With its $14.6 billion acquisition of the North Fork Bancorporation, Capital One is looking less like a credit card company and more like a traditional bank. But will Wall Street approve? For years, the success of Capital One, the country’s largest stand-alone credit card issuer, rested on its uncanny ability to innovate, from new products […]')('2006031', 'Shares in Schering, the German pharmaceutical manufacturer, soared on Monday amid speculation that another bidder might try to top a €14.6 billion bid by Merck KGaA that Schering has already rejected. (The stock is down 1.7 percent early Tuesday.) The head of Schering’s supervisory board, Giuseppe Vita, said that he expected a “white knight” to […]')('2006031', 'Banco Comercial Portugues , Portugal’s second-biggest lender by assets, offered about 4.33 billion euros ($5.2 billion) for smaller rival Banco BPI to create the country’s largest bank. Go to Article from Bloomberg News »')('2006031', 'Comcast is in talks to buy the 40 percent of E Entertainment Television that it does not own from the Walt Disney Company. Go to Article from The New York Times » Go to Article from MarketWatch »')('2006031', 'Dubai Ports World has no immediate plans to sell its American subsidiary’s interests at Miami’s seaport, a senior executive wrote Monday in a private e-mail to business associates. Go to Article from The Associated Press via Breitbart.com » Go to Related Article from The Wall Street Journal »')('2006031', 'Halliburton may sell some pieces of its KBR engineering and construction division, but would still spin off an interest in the rest of the unit in an initial public offering, the company said in a filing with securities regulators Monday. In its annual report, Halliburton said it still planned to sell off less than 20 […]')('2006031', "There is a limit to big (and good taste) in the upper crust town of Greenwich, Conn. Yesterday Alison Leigh Cowan wrote a funny story in the New York Times about the townspeople upset with a hedge-fund manager's plans to build an 11-bedroom 39,000 square feet house with a 1,165-square-foot pool house. The home Joseph [...]")('2006031', 'Himax Technologies , which designs and develops semiconductors, registered Monday for an initial public offering of up to $200 million in ordinary shares, according to a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Go to Article from The San Jose Mercury News »')('2006031', 'Golden Eagle Retail Group has priced its Hong Kong initial public offering at HK$3.15, or at the top end of the price range, allowing the mainland department store operator to raise HK$1.42 billion ($179 million). ABN Amro Rothschild and Goldbond Securities were joint global coordinators and bookrunners for the offering, which yet again highlights strong […]')('2006031', 'Fannie Mae said Monday that it had found additional errors in a reworking of its accounting ordered by federal regulators. The government-sponsored company, which finances one of every five home loans in the United States, said it had made “substantial progress” toward completing its accounting review but expected to miss a regulatory deadline for filing […]')('2006031', 'The open warfare that has rocked Vodafone over the past few weeks is more than a struggle between the old guard and the newcomers. It is a battle between some of the City’s most powerful movers and shakers, many of whom have connections far beyond their jobs at the mobile giant. The key link between […]')('2006031', 'PGT Inc. has filed for a $150 million initial public offering, the second JLL Partners -backed building supply company in two years seeking to go public. Go to Article from LBO Wire »')('2006031', 'Ah, yes, the first-quarter earnings season is almost upon us. Now, let it be said that Wall Street loves guidance, and because analysts want it, companies feel they have to give it. But good economic performance is a process, not a number. Even the Chinese Communist Party gets this concept. Like Warren Buffett and the […]')('2006031', 'Livedoor, the Japanese Internet company accused of securities fraud, plans to appoint two new board members after the Tokyo Stock Exchange decided its shares will be delisted in April. Livedoor nominated Chief Executive Kozo Hiramatsu, Senior Vice President Yukihiro Shimizu, and Vice President Noritaka Ochiai as candidates for the board, Livedoor said in a statement […]')('2006031', 'Clearwire, which operates a wireless broadband network based on the powerful WiMax standard, has raised an additional $360 million in funding. Go to Article from VentureWire Professional »')('2006031', 'Andrew S. Fastow, Enron’s former chief financial officer, ended his testimony on Monday, still insisting that Jeffrey K. Skilling and Kenneth L. Lay joined him in telling investors that Enron was profitable and healthy when all of them knew otherwise. Defense lawyers for Mr. Skilling and Mr. Lay, two former Enron chief executives, continued to […]')('2006031', 'It’s showdown time for Google and the Bush administration. In a widely anticipated hearing in San Jose federal court, lawyers for the Mountain View-based search engine and the government will square off Tuesday over whether Google should be forced to turn over a vast array of data, including 1 million Web addresses. The case is […]')('2006031', 'Paul Farrell, a columnist with MarketWatch.com is squarely on the doomsday bandwagon after reading a news book on real estate, "Sell Now! The End of the Housing Bubble," by John Talbott. Mr. Farrell says you are in denial or big trouble. Unlike the stock market there\'s little you can do once the illiquid housing market [...]')('2006031', 'HMV Group, the struggling music and books retailer, has rejected a second takeover bid from private equity firm Permira Advisers worth 845 million pounds. Go to Article from The Guardian » Go to Article from The Telegraph »')('2006031', 'TCW Investment Management , an investment arm of French bank Societe Generale , has backed an unconventional gas exploration company, CDX LLC, through a recapitalization worth $1.18 billion, including debt and equity. Go to Article from LBO Wire »')('2006031', 'After nine years and a postponed IPO last year, the successor to Hicks, Muse, Tate & Furst Inc. has engineered an exit from its investment in enterprise software maker Activant Solutions Inc. And for one of the buyers, it will be a return investment. San Francisco’s Hellman & Friedman and Chicago’s Thomas Cressey Equity Partners […]')('2006031', 'Forbes online is running a slideshow of the best and worst Zip codes for real estate price appreciation. It said: Long-coveted areas, such as Pacific Heights in San Francisco, Buckhead in Atlanta or the Upper East Side in New York, were not the best performers. Instead, in many metros, neighborhoods with lower median incomes, neglected [...]')('2006031', 'Cerberus Capital Management may get some funding from its portfolio firm, Aozora Bank Ltd. of Japan, for a potential bid for General Motors Acceptance Corporation, G.M.’s s financing arm. Go to Article from Reuters via CNN Money »')('2006031', 'Nymex Holdings, the parent of the New York Mercantile Exchange, said its shareholders approved the sale of a 10 percent stake to General Atlantic in a transaction that is valued at $160 million. Go to Article from TheStreet.com » Go to Article from The New York Post »')('2006031', 'Companies and LBO firms are falling over themselves to borrow more for ever bolder deals. Even Vodafone is not considered immune. Why now? Debt is cheap and readily available, but unlikely to stay that way. So borrowers are snapping up debt while stocks last. Go to Article from Breakingviews »')('2006031', 'Core Capital ‘s partners wax rhapsodic about their technology investments, as if they were pre-bubble venture capitalists. They pepper their conversation with techno-speak terms like “disruptive technologies,” as if they were participating in a panel discussion at the Ritz-Carlton in Tysons Corner, circa February 2000. Yet Core Capital, which recently raised its second, $200 million […]')('2006031', 'Bright View Technologies, a Duke University spinoff focused on developing microstructures used in state-of-the-art television sets and other optical displays, announced Monday that it has reeled in $7.5 million in venture funds. Boston-based Battery Ventures led the financing. Go to Article from The Triangle Business Journal »')('2006031', "So says the Boston Globe in an article on desperate home owners trying to get rid of homes, mostly condos, in overbuilt markets. It quotes the National Auctioneers Association as reporting that in 2005 residential properties valued at $14.2 billion were sold in live auctions. That's a drop in the bucket of the total value [...]")('2006031', 'Reliant Technologies Inc. closed its series D round of venture funding Monday after raising $22 million. Thecompany, which sells medical lasers used in cosmetic surgery, said Meritech Capital Partners led the round. Three Arch Partners also gave money. Go to Article from The San Francisco Business Times »')('2006031', "The National Association of Realtors is making a number of guesses on where the economy will be at the end of the year. 30-year fixed-rate mortgage: 6.9 percent. Consumer Price Index: up 3.3 percent. Inflation-adjusted disposable personal income: up 3.7. Gross domestic product : up 3.5 percent Unemployment rate: 4.8 percent. That's healthy enough that [...]")('2006031', 'Grupo Televisa says it has not decided on participating in the possible sale of Univision Communications, despite reports that it was part of a consortium being formed to weigh a bid. Go to Article from The Houston Chronicle »')('2006031', 'At first glance, the idea that private equity firms might themselves go public seems paradoxical. Such an offering might be a hard sell to investors, and there could be significant disadvantages for the firm as well. Nonetheless, there are some good reasons to do it, whatever the drawbacks. And if such a scheme were ever […]')('2006031', 'NYSE Group filed a registration statement on Monday with the Securities and Exchange Commission to sell as much as $100 million in common stock by stockholders. Go to Article from Reuters »')('2006031', 'Credit Suisse has announced that it has established a new property equities team in Australia in response to growing investment interest in the sector. The new team will be based in Sydney. Go to Article from FinanceAsia.com »')('2006031', 'In an unusual reversal from normal practice, an investment bank has hired an executive from a private equity firm to bolster its real estate, gaming and lodging team in Asia. Deutsche Bank has brought in Matthew Mrozinski from Colony Capital Asia, a private international investment firm that focuses on real estate-related assets investment. In what […]')('2006031', 'The Securities and Exchange Commission said Monday that it had fined Merrill Lynch $2.5 million for failing to provide promptly e-mail messages that the agency sought over a 16-month period. Go to Article from The New York Post » Go to Article from The New York Times »')('2006031', 'The financial alchemists on Wall Street keep coming up with new and more exotic ways to generate trading profits. A case in point is the rise of something called a preferred-credit derivative swap. A PCDS is a relatively new financial product that Lehman Brothers sells as a trading hedge for investors in an equally new […]')('2006031', 'Bear Stearns has reached a $250 million settlement with regulators over allegations that the firm cheated investors by helping hedge funds illegally trade mutual fund shares, Bloomberg News reported. The Securities and Exchange Commission and the New York Stock Exchange may announce the agreement later this week. Bear Stearns won’t admit or deny wrongdoing under […]')('2006031', 'VeriSign announced Monday that it planned to acquire Kontiki for $62 million, in a move to enter the broadband content services market. Kontiki, launched in 2001 by several Netscape alumni, provides managed peer-to-peer technology to speed file downloads and reduce the load on Internet service providers. Go to Article from CNEt News.com » Go to […]')('2006031', 'Carl Icahn and Warren Lichtenstein have lost a legal bid to contest three board seats on KT&G Corporation, undermining efforts by the investors to force South Korea’s biggest tobacco company to sell real estate and ginseng assets. The verdict is the latest setback for Mr. Icahn’s campaign to pressure KT&G to sell assets and raise […]')('2006031', 'Australia’s government plans to abolish media-ownership rules to allow overseas-based companies to control the nation’s newspapers or television networks and local companies to expand into other forms of media. The proposed changes, outlined in a discussion paper released in Canberra today, may unleash a wave of takeovers, allowing Rupert Murdoch’s News Corporation, Australia’s biggest newspaper […]')('2006031', 'Shareholders of the London Stock Exchange are reacting enthusiastically to the prospect of a takeover. While the exchange’s shareholders had previously shrugged at offers from would-be acquirers like the Deutsche Börse and the Macquarie Bank of Australia, they made clear yesterday that they were ready for merger talks to begin, either with the Nasdaq Stock […]')('2006031', 'There was both joy and despair across the Knight Ridder newspaper chain as employees learned that the McClatchy Company, which announced plans on Monday to acquire the company’s 32 papers, would promptly sell 12 of them. Those at the Knight Ridder papers being kept by McClatchy – including The Miami Herald and The Charlotte Observer […]')('2006031', 'The recent rash of blocked European deals are making it seem as if Europe is splintering into a familiar collection of feuding national interests. The furious activity is producing a collision between a business sector bent on greater integration and enhanced competitiveness and a wave of protectionism that is rolling across Europe, raising fears of […]')('2006031', 'Talk of an imminent sale of Sun Microsystems to Google has been swirling around trading floors and Silicon Valley for more than a week. Shares of Sun, which has a partnership with Google to develop and distribute each other’s technology, spiked up about 4 percent last week as a result of the rumors. The speculation […]')('2006031', 'Bruce Bartlett has posted a reply of sorts to my March 10 column, "The Conservative Epiphany." It\'s interesting, because he admits that for a time he was deterred from speaking up about the Bush administration\'s flaws because he feared, correctly, that he would be fired from his think-tank job if he did. I won\'t pass [...]')('2006031', 'Now that even Josh Marshall has endorsed the liberal backlash against the liberal case for impeachment ("It\'s a bad idea on policy grounds. It\'s a bad idea on political grounds."), lefties are beginning to make the liberal case against Russ Feingold\'s censure resolution, which the senator from Wisconsin unveiled Sunday on ABC\'s "This Week" and [...]')('2006031', 'With the competence - and necessity - of real-estate agents in question, the Sacramento Business Journal notes that the California Association of Realtors is behind proposed legislation that would toughen licensing requirements for agents in the state. An influx of new agents "has eroded the quality of service, the level of services and the professionalism [...]')('2006031', '"President Bush is correctly warning Americans against a growing tendency toward isolationism," writes Jack Balkin, Yale law professor, on his blog. "The problem is that in the past five years he has done everything he could to stoke the same irrational fears that he now condemns." Balkin concludes: Bush\'s ill considered doctrine of military preemption, [...]')('2006031', "No Selborne Journal today. Gilbert White returns tomorrow. *** 6 am. 52 degrees. Quiet, but the wind is coming. Let's see. Aconites are up in force. First snow-drops appeared this morning. The projectile points of irises and lily of the valley are just coming out of the ground. A duck egg nearly every morning and [...]")('2006031', 'He’s just snagged a $8.5 million book deal, so Alan Greenspan can probably handle a little constructive criticism. And it is coming, in the form of “Bubble Man,” a soon-to-be-published book by Australian journalist Peter Hartcher that portrays the former Federal Reserve chairman as an accomplice to the biggest asset bubble in a few hundred […]')('2006031', 'Cable mogul Leo Hindery Jr. is back on his soapbox, and this time the issue is the AT&T–BellSouth merger. In his recent book “It Takes a CEO,” the former chief executive of AT&T Broadband sounded off on issues ranging from corporate greed to television violence. This week, Mr. Hindery has a fat new target: the […]')('2006031', 'Robert Tchenguiz, the property entrepreneur, is poised to launch a bid worth 4 billion pounds for Mitchells & Butlers, the pub and restaurant group behind such brands as All Bar One, Harvester and Vintage Inns.')('2006031', 'In this lesson, students learn about some of the ways the developing world is vulnerable to the impact and effects of natural disasters. They then investigate some "natural disaster hotspots" around the globe and assess how vulnerable these areas are.')('2006031', 'Steve Werbel letter calls Dr Wafa Sultan courageous and says he hopes she has begun grass-roots dialogue within Muslim community (March 11 article)')('2006031', 'Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, developer Larry A Silverstein and Pataki administration continue negotiations over who is to build what and when at World Trade Center site; one plan under consideration would turn control of building Freedom Tower over to Port Authority and let Silverstein retain right to develop what are considered most lucrative sites; proponents say deal could result in construction of Freedom Tower, memorial, large shopping mall and three other towers on site by 2011 (M)')('2006031', "Dave Kehr Critic's Choice article recommends DVD's of My Neighbor Totoro, The Thing Called Love, Zu Warriors and Dog Eat Dog; photos (M)")('2006031', 'Dr James M Pribble of University of Michigan leads study on television coverage of medical news; research, which is published in American Journal of Managed Care, points to limited time frame of television spots as primary cause of incomplete and sometimes misleading information (S)')('2006031', 'Robert A Myers letter on March 7 article about hospital food notes that food provided is not always appropriate for patient')('2006031', 'Peter D G Moore letter says Dr Wafa Sultan is suspect in Muslim world because she is not devout; says issues she raises are real and valid (March 11 article)')('2006031', 'Mitra Hormozi, prosecutor, and Bruce Cutler, defense attorney, make opening statements in trial of retired New York detectives Louis J Eppolito and Stephen Caracappa, who are accused of helping murder eight men as paid assasins for Anthony Casso, former underboss of Luchese crime family; mother of Nicholas Guido, young man who had bad luck of sharing name with mob assassin who had tried to kill Casso, testifies about his fatal shooting (M)')('2006031', 'Internal market commissioner Charlie McCreevy says European Commission may take legal action against six member countries for restricting gambling operations like sports and online betting while allowing citizens to participate in national lotteries; Germany, Finland, Sweden, Italy, Holland and Hungary all face action for restricting advertising or complete bans of gambling services; commission says lotteries amount to monopoly on gambling (M)')('2006031', 'Justin Palmer letter comments on profile of Dr Wafa Sultan (March 11 article)')('2006031', 'Dr Elissa Ely Cases column discusses patient in therapy who often called her at home in middle of night to leave messages rather than delve into issues during weekly sessions in office; drawing (M)')('2006031', 'Gloria Spiritas letter scores Bush administration for inaction in face of genocide in Sudan (March 12 Nicholas Kristof Op-Ed column)')('2006031', 'New York Mets reliever Royce Ring is competing for spot in bullpen; photo (M)')('2006031', "Winter in Springs, painting attributed to Jackson Pollock, was stolen in November 2005 from Everhart Museum of Natural History, Science and Art in Scranton, Pa; painting belonged to Arthur Byron Phillips, who says he purchased it from Pollock for $800 in 1951; on heels of theft, authenticity of painting is being questioned; work does not appear in four-volume catalogue raisonne of Pollock's work and Phillips never had painting authenticated or insured; photos (M)")('2006031', 'Ned Lamont, Greenwich, Conn, cable executive, will challenge US Sen Joseph I Lieberman in Democratic primary (S)')('2006031', 'Former Enron chief financial officer Andrew S Fastow ends testimony insisting Jeffrey K Skilling and Kenneth L Lay knew company was struggling when they told investors it was profitable and healthy; defense lawyers portrayed Fastow as liar with little proof of claims that partnerships were used to hide debt and manipulate earnings; Fastow has pleaded guilty to conspiracy and agreed to serve 10 years in prison in exchange for cooperating with prosecutors in case against Skilling and Lay; photo (M)')('2006031', "New York State Senate and Assembly pass bills outlinging their separate spending priorities in response to Gov George E Pataki's proposed budget of $110.6 billion; Senate proposes $111.8 billion budget with $1.5 billion in tax cuts this year, and Assembly proposes $112.4 billion budget that calls for $2.4 billion in tax cuts over three years; photo (M)")('2006031', "New Jersey State Commission of Investgation reports that local school boards have given administrators excessive compensation packages that cost taxpayers millions of dollars; says boards of education have lavished officials with cars, computers, cellphones, and donations to tax-deferred annuities; says boards also tried to shield these compensation packages by either understating their value or failing to draft written contracts; Barry J Galasso, executive director of New Jersey Association of School Administrators, says compensation packages simply reflect market value of state's best school leaders (M)")('2006031', 'Canadian Imperial Bank agrees to pay $1.1 billion for 43.7 percent stake held by Barclays of Britain in FirstCaribbean; Canadian Imperial will own 87.4 percent of FirstCaribbean if deal is completed (S)')('2006031', 'Trustees of State University of New York authorize chancellor to sign agreement to buy 82-acre Southampton Collge campus of Long Island University as new campus for State University at Stony Brook (S)')('2006031', 'Five-alarm fire destroys strip of businesses along Sutphin Boulevard in Jamaica, Queens (S)')('2006031', 'Comcast Corp is in talks with Walt Disney Co to buy 40 percent of E Entertainment Television that it does not own; price not disclosed but value is estimated at more than $2.5 billion (M)')('2006031', 'Ann J Kirschner letter suggests red-tailed hawks Pale Male and Lola have become so celebrated because world is filled with so much pain and misery (March 10 article)')('2006031', "Da Vinci Code author Dan Brown testifies in Britain's High Court in copyright infringement case filed against his publisher Random House by Michael Baigent and Richard Leigh, authors of book The Holy Blood and the Holy Grail; Brown acknowledges he used book as reference source for Da Vinci Code, but contends it was one of many books he consulted; holds that for Baigent and Leigh to suggest that he 'hijacked and exploited' their work is simply untrue; photo (M)")('2006031', "President of Geffen Records Jordan Schur is leaving to run Suretone Records in partnership with Universal Music Group; Schur will oversee new music on established artists; label will split profits from new acts with Interscope; move is part of major reshuffling among music industry's largest labels (M)")('2006031', "Letter from American Bar Assn president Michael S Greco disagrees with Morris B Hoffman's proposal to do away with peremptory challenges of prospective jurors (March 7 Op-Ed article)")('2006031', 'Dominican Republic defeats Cuba, 7-3, in second round of World Baseball Classic; photo (M)')('2006031', 'Kathleen Troia McFarland, Pentagon spokesman during Reagan administration, joins John Spencer, former mayor of Yonkers, as candidate for Republican nomination for US Senate in New York (M)')('2006031', 'Elissa Lear letter on March 7 article about marriages impacted by homosexual infidelity criticizes stereotypical language used in article')('2006031', "Susan McHale letter comments on March 10 article about New York City's famous red-tailed hawks")('2006031', 'Construction begins on World Trade Center memorial and memorial museum; Coalition of 9/11 Families is suing to halt construction of memorial until alternatives to current design are considered; photo (M)')('2006031', "New York City's budget surplus for fiscal year that ends June 30 could be $484 million higher than the $3.3 billion projected by Mayor Michael R Bloomberg, according to State Financial Control Board (S)")('2006031', 'Television dramas are increasingly killing off popular characters to boost ratings and keep viewers hooked as number of quality dramas on television increases; in action series like 24 and The Sopranos, death is always close, but sudden deaths are more shocking in dramas, like The L Word, which featured death of fan favorite character from breast cancer; drawing; photo (M)')('2006031', "Monmouth University men's basketball team will face Hampton College in NCAA tournament play-in game (M)")('2006031', 'Gina Ryan letter on March 7 article shares personal experiences while being married to gay man')('2006031', "Federal officials say Steve Ben-Hanania, pilot who crashed his twin engine plane into woods near Old Bridge, NJ, had been cited twice for 'careless' and 'reckless' flying and was not rated to fly by instruments; Ben-Hanania and his wife were killed in crash, and their two children are in critical condition (M)")('2006031', 'Police Officers Hector Ramirez and John Antonacci are shot while trying to subdue emotionally disturbed man at Brooklyn rooming house; are saved by their bulllet-resistant vests; officers were responding to report that man, John Julian, had set small fire and was roaming hallways with a knife in each hand; another officer is bitten on hand during chaotic struggle (M)')('2006031', "Mohamed Khodr letter suggests Dr Wafa Sultan does not have good grasp of Islam's teachings or she would recognize its categorical denunciation of violence (March 11 article)")('2006031', 'Joseph M Jacobs withdraws application to build largest house in Greenwich, Conn; neighbors and their lawyers have complained that mansion is too big (M)')('2006031', "Rutgers University women's basketball team prepares to face Dartmouth College in first round of NCAA tournament; photo (M)")('2006031', 'On the Line, first full-length play by Joeÿ')('2006031', 'Terry Roe letter says she wonders if woman married to three men would reap similar benefits described by John Tierney (March 11 Op-Ed column)')('2006031', "Duke University, North Carolina University, Ohio State University and Louisiana State University women's basketball teams earn No.1 seedings in NCAA tournament; photo (M)")('2006031', 'Michiko Kakutani reviews book Americ¼')('2006031', 'Atty Gen Eliot Spitzer, Democratic candidate for governor, unveils 30-second television ad that portrays him as passionate advocate for underdog; accuracy and effectiveness assessed; photo (M)')('2006031', 'Dominic J Baranello, powerful New York Democrat, dies at age 83 (M)')('2006031', "Temple University men's basketball coach John Chaney announces retirement after 24 years at Temple; photo (M)")('2006031', "Bloomberg administration says it will rebuild 80-year-old Gilboa Dam in Catskill Mountains in response to complaints from upstate residents about how New York maintains and operates its reservoirs; city will install new flood gates and valves that can be used to lower water level of Schoharie Reservoir, northernmost of city's reservoirs (M)")('2006031', "Bruce S Sherman of Private Capital Management and largest owner of Knight Ridder stock says newspaper stocks are undervalued; believes there is strength in sector and possibilities for growth; holds that decline in industry is exaggerated; McClatchy purchased Knight Ridder after Sherman pressured company's board to sell; McClatchy chief executive Gary B Pruitt comments; graph (M)")('2006031', "Owners of property in Union City, NJ, where new elementary school was to be built say New Jersey Schools Construction Corp's own incompetence and mismanagement led to fiasco that added more than $1 million to cost of property; say they received so many mixed signals from schools construction agency that they went ahead with plans to put an apartment building on lot, increasing property value from $326,000 to $1.48 million; photo (M)")('2006031', "Clinical trial shows NMT Medical's StarFlex implanted device designed to repair congenital heart defect can reduce frequency and severity of migraine headaches; finds that 42 percent of patients reported at least 50 percent decline in number of days they had headaches; results are promising for what analysts forecast to be potential multibillion-dollar market for estimated 1.5 million Americans and twice as many world-wide; device closes hole between upper chambers of heart that as many as 25 percent of adults have from birth and is believed to be connected to migraine headaches (M)")('2006031', 'Melissa Yousif letter says she hopes Dr Wafa Sultan continues to speak her mind; commends her bravery and says her words are likely to divide Muslim community (March 11 article)')('2006031', 'Timothy Tung letter on March 7 article about marriages impacted by homosexual infidelity says that women also leave men for gay relationships with other women')('2006031', "Mayor Michael R Bloomberg says he will personally decide whether to discipline or dismiss Umar Abdul-Jalil as New York City Correction Department's top chaplain for stating at conference in Tucson last April that greatest terrorists in world occupy White House; Abdul-Jalil, an imam, has been put on paid administrative leave; photo (M)")('2006031', 'Founder of San Francisco International Toy Museum Stevanne Auerbach, in Frequent Flier column, comments on adults acting like children on flights; photo (M)')('2006031', 'Meridyth G Burrows letter on March 7 article about attention disorders questions why number of people with attention disorders has risen dramatically if problem is rooted in evolutionary survival skill')('2006031', 'LuAnn Wierdsma letter on March 7 Cases column describing good works of hospital chaplin tells story of nurse who helped her cope with stillborn birth of baby girl')('2006031', 'Daniel Perry letter on March 7 article about male menopause suggests that condition may be accompanied by increased medical risks and is not humorous topic')('2006031', 'Photo of wreckage of plane that crashed into woods in Old Bridge, NJ')('2006031', "New York Times announces it will stop publishing daily stock listing on Tuesdays through Saturdays; will offer interactive stock tools on its Web site; move is part of industry-wide effort to reduce newsprint costs and take advantage of readers' increased use of Internet (M)")('2006031', 'Sherry Gardner letter says John Tierney pays little attention to ills visited upon young women by polygamy; equates it with slavery (March 11 John Tierney Op-Ed column)')('2006031', "Nasdaq Stock Market's rejected $4.1 billion offer for London Stock Exchange raises questions of bank representation in possible exchange consolidation; Citigroup, JP Morgan Chase, Merrill Lynch, Greenhill & Co, Goldman Sachs, Lehman Bros, Morgan Stanley and UBS all have possible stake in deal as it goes forward (M)")('2006031', 'Photos of Police Officers Hector Ramirez and John Antonacci, who were shot, and Officer Nicholas Horun, who was bitten, during struggle with Jonathan Julian in Brooklyn; photo of Julian in handcuffs leaving 81st Precinct')('2006031', "San Diego State University men's basketball team prepares to face Indiana University in NCAA tournament; photos (M)")('2006031', 'Isaac Hayes requests to be released from his contract as voice of Chef on South Park because of objection to religious insensitivity of some episodes of satiric animated show; South Park co-creator Matt Stone says Hayes will be released from contract, but charges that real issue for Hayes, who is Scientologist, is that it was his own religion that was featured in recent episode; photo (S)')('2006031', "Dr David Haig, Harvard University evolutionary biologist, suggests that pregnancy and family relationships are physically and emotionally shaped by genetic conflict between parents and off-spring; explains how relationship between fetus and mother is power struggle for optimal survival; recent research on preeclampsia, which is published in journal Current Topics in Developmental Biology, supports Haig's evolutionary theories; photos; graph (M)")('2006031', "Exxon Mobil reaches agreement with Indonesia's state-owned oil company Pertamina to develop oil deposits; two companies will begin drilling for oil near town of Cepu in eastern Java; Exxon executives will be in charge of day-to-day operations with Pertamina heading joint oversight committee; agreement comes after five years of battling for control of project; output is expected to be 180,000 barrels daily (M)")('2006031', 'New York Knicks president Isiah Thomas files court papers denying he sexually harassed former employee Anucha Browne Sanders (M)')('2006031', 'Richard Sandomir TV Sports column discusses access to NCAA tournament games on Internet webcasts, which are free to public (M)')('2006031', "Market Place column; shareholders of London Stock Exchange are welcoming merger talks from United States markets despite previous failed attempts; Nasdaq Stock Market's informal $4.1 billion bid may pressure London exchange to accelerate pace of negotiations; investors expect up to 50 percent higher bid from Nasdaq or offer from New York Stock Exchange; merger with American company is most likely after failed attempts to combine with European exchanges and bid by Macquarie Bank of Australia was considered too low; London Stock Exchange has long been considered takeover target but strict US regulations and cultural differences have slowed talks in past; photo (M)")('2006031', 'Andre Mack Barnett letter on March 7 article about marriages impacted by homosexual infidelity holds that AIDS should have been mentioned in article as possible consequence')('2006031', "Memo Pad column; Southwest Airlines' ticket increases of as much as $10 one way triggers similar price rises by American, United, Northwest, Delta and Continental; Delta Air Lines will add 46 daily flights between cities in Northeast and Kennedy International Airport in New York; chief operating officer James F Whitehurst comments; American Airlines will begin daily nonstop service between Chicago and Shanghai to accommodate demand for business travel; Asia Times Online reports visitors to China reached 120 million last year; Verified Identity Pass business development director Alison Beer addresses concerns about Clear Registered Traveler program at Airport Council International's spring public safety and security conference in Atlanta; says company will bear costs of operating special lanes and installing security equipment; Clear is only program currently operating in airports; FlyAway 24-hour bus service will take passengers from downtown Los Angeles to Los Angeles International Airport for $3; service is partnership between Los Angeles World Airports and Los Angeles County Metropolitan Transportation Authority; Hero Miles program gives out its 5,000th airline ticket; service collects donated frequent-flier miles to purchase tickets for relatives and loved ones to visit soldiers injured in Iraq (M)")('2006031', 'Letter from Air Line Pilots Assn president Duane Woerth says reforms of regulations for working hours for pilots are long overdue; says current rules do not reflect extensive research on pilot fatigue (March 10 article)')('2006031', 'Robert Schwalbe letter on March 7 article about male menopause holds that changes in men brought about by aging deserve attention from medical community')('2006031', 'Investigators continue to amass evidence to reconstruct events of night Imette St Guillen was raped and killed in Brooklyn; investigators say DNA tests show blood on plastic ties used to manacle victim matches that of suspect, Darryl Littlejohn, bouncer at club where she was last seen; grand jury is selected to hear largely circumstantial evidence against Littlejohn; photo (M)')('2006031', 'Letter from Matthew Longo, who served as observer for Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe during elections in Serbia, says death of Slobodan Milosevic offers closure for people of Balkan region (March 12 article)')('2006031', 'Q & A column discusses food preferences of different animals; drawing (S)')('2006031', "Boldface Column on premiere of movie Thank You for Smoking and opening night of Broadway musical Ring of Fire in New York; also notes Shaquille O'Neal's 34th birthday party in Miami (M)")('2006031', "Paul Haggis will direct film adaptation of Richard A Clarke political memoir Against All Enemies: Inside America's War on Terror; photo (M)")('2006031', 'Photo of Yahya Osman of Darfur Rehabilitation Project at rally near United Nations in New York at which more than 100 rabbis urge organization to take stronger action against Sudan government to stop slaughter in Darfur')('2006031', 'Pimping medical students, process by which professors pepper students with variety of questions and in some cases embarrass students, has come under fire in recent years, but is still common; some professors say that technique helps young doctors develop backbone for demanding work; critics hold that pimping is often done by insecure senior physicians wanting to show students who is boss and not as learning tool; photo (M)')('2006031', "Murray Chass On Baseball column discusses South Korea's success thus far in World Baseball Classic; photos (M)")('2006031', 'Joanne Fleisher letter on March 7 article about marriages that are impacted by homosexual relationships suggests there are many ways to cope with difficult situation; photo')('2006031', 'Stanley Wright letter on March 7 article about marriages impacted by homosexual infidelity suggests that gay men are often more appealing than straight males')('2006031', 'Richard Aronson letter on March 7 article about attention disorders describes his own attention problems')('2006031', 'Season premiere of HBO show Tg')('2006031', 'Dennis Overbye Essay dispels modern adaptation of quantum physics that holds reality can be shaped and improved if people are determined enough to believe in power; drawing (M)')('2006031', 'Nassau County, NY, Police Benevolent Association files lawsuit accusing County Exec Thomas R Suozzi of acting illegally and in political retribution when he canceled regular biweekly allotments for six union leaders who opposed his re-election bid in 2005; Suozzi, Democratic candidate for governor, says he cut off payments to protect taxpayers (M)')('2006031', "Joe Sharkey On The Road column on various travel Web sites and blogs; suggests users find site that agrees with their general outlook and taste; profile of Sharkey's favorite site IgoUgo.com which allows registered users to write reviews of travel destinations; drawing (M)")('2006031', "Photo of Denver Nuggets' win against New York Knicks")('2006031', 'Maureen Stapleton, award-winning actress in film, theater and television, dies at age 80; photo (M)')('2006031', 'Midmajor market college basketball teams that become successful are often faced with difficult situation of losing coach to better, bigger team; photos (M)')('2006031', 'Denver Nuggets defeat New York Knicks, 108-96; photo (M)')('2006031', 'Dist Atty Kathleen Rice pledges to crack down on drunk drivers in Nassau County by seeking tougher penalties against many first-time offenders; says those arrested with blood alcohol of 0.13 percent or higher will no longer be allowed to negotiate plea bargains; pledges to recommend jail time for any driver who is arrested for dunken driving twice in five years; will push for passage of bill that would require repeat offenders to serve at least five days in jail (M)')('2006031', 'Photo of Dominican Republic win over Cuba in World Baseball Classic')('2006031', 'New York City Finance Department is sending out notices to 6,640 property owners at risk of having lien on their property sold for back taxes; photo (S)')('2006031', 'Michel Garel, former chief curator of manuscripts at French National Library, is convicted of stealing 13th-century Hebrew manuscript and given two-year suspended prison term and fined 400,000 euros ($476,000) (S)')('2006031', 'Profile of and interview with New York City Ballet principal dancer and choreographer Benjamin Millepied; Millepied is creating piece for 123 Festival at Joyce Theater in April; photo (M)')('2006031', 'Hall of Famer Yogi Berra still travels to spring training with New York Yankees to offer advice and tutor players; photos (M)')('2006031', 'New York City and Uniformed Fire Officers Association agree on tentative 50-month contract that will give officers pay increase of more than 17 percent in exchange for number of cost-saving measures and other concessions; union officials also agree to give fire commissioner greater control over post of chief of department (S)')('2006031', 'Matthew Miller, also known as Matisyahu, is Hasidic reggae singer who sells out 2,000- to 3,000-seat concert halls regularly around country; started out in partnership with Aaron Bisman, who created nonprofit record label JDub with goal of making innovative music that was proudly Jewish; major label debut Youth is widely expected to soar on charts; just prior to release, Bisman and partner Jacob Harris were shocked to receive news that Matisyahu has asked to break his contract with small label that gave him start and are looking into legal action; photo (M)')('2006031', 'Advertising agencies and their parent companies are increasing online investments in what is known as search marketing; category has estimated worth of $5.1 billion last year with spending expected to reach $6.5 billion this year; niche is growing faster than traditional advertising in other media; agencies are providing services to prevent clients from using independent specialists; early problems such as click fraud are being addressed as industry matures; photo (M)')('2006031', 'Wendy Wasserstein is remembered in tribute at Lincoln Center; photo (M)')('2006031', 'Ann M Altman letter on March 7 article about homosexual infidelity in heterosexual marriages holds that situation is more common than people think')('2006031', 'Narcinda R Lerner letter points to legal nightmare that would be ensue if Americans were to recognize polygamous marriage (March 11 John Tierney Op-Ed column)')('2006031', "Mike Simon, the NBC cameraman who accompanied Ann Curry on our collective trip to Darfur, has posted a moving blog about what he saw on our trip. It's always irritating when these camera people turn out to be wonderful writers as well. Here's Mike Simon's blog. By the way, the latest I heard is that [...]")('2006031', 'For a marine who is also an artist, defining his job can be a challenge, but the work is a passion.')('2006031', 'On March 6, President Bush sent legislation to Congress that would give him line-item veto authority. He argues that much low-priority spending gets tucked into spending bills and he is largely powerless to stop it because the president can only veto entire bills, not just individual provisions. Like many presidents before him, such as Ulysses [...]')('2006031', 'Readers respond to Thomas Friedman\'s March 15 column, "Dubai and Dunces" Steve Schneider, New York: Don\'t you think that the current climate of knee-jerk anti-Arab and anti-Muslim sentiment was fostered at least in part by President Bush, who\'s now accusing ports-deal detractors of racism and of inflaming anti-American sentiments in the Arab Muslim world? For [...]')('2006031', 'Andrx must be reading the same investor relations manual as Google. Andrx’s proposed acquirer, Watson Pharmaceuticals, said early Wednesday that Andrx “inadvertently disclosed” its preliminary estimate of the synergies that would be created after the two drugmakers complete their $1.9 billion deal. The gaffe comes barely a week after Google, the closely watched Internet search […]')('2006031', "Hearst, whose vast media holdings include O: The Oprah Magazine, is taking a small step into the credit-rating business. The privately held company has agreed to pay $592 million for a 20 percent stake in Fitch Group, which operates credit research firm Fitch Ratings. The deal was announced Wednesday by Fimalac, Fitch's France-based holding company, [...]")('2006031', 'Lehman Brothers reported record quarterly profit and revenue in the fiscal first quarter, exceeding most analysts’ expectations for the bulge-bracket investment firm. But coming after out-of-the-ballpark earnings results from Goldman Sachs on Tuesday, which left some analysts at a loss for words, Lehman’s upbeat numbers couldn’t help looking a bit, well, anticlimactic.')('2006031', 'Three former Apple Computer executives, including former chief Gilbert Amelio and co-founder Steve Wozniak, have raised $150 million for company whose sole purpose is to search for technology-related acquisitions. Their company, called Acquicor Technology, is just the latest in a recent flurry of special-purpose acquisition companies — also known as blank-check companies or SPAC’s — […]')('2006031', "Jonathan Soros, the son of George Soros, is trying his hand at market timing. But unlike his financier father, Jonathan is apparently trying to time the real estate market. The New York Observer's real estate blog reports that the younger Mr. Soros has put his New York town house back on the market. He is [...]")('2006031', "Peter O'Brien, a senior investment banker at Morgan Stanley in Moscow, is reportedly planning to join Russian state-owned oil company Rosneft as chief financial officer. While having a Western finance executive aboard could help as Rosneft courts investors for its initial public offering of up to $20 billion in stock, it may also give a [...]")('2006031', 'It was not surprising that Howard Stern wore a T-shirt that said “I Hate Les Moonves” for his interview with David Letterman on CBS on Monday night. His language, by shock-radio standards, was quite mild: he merely described the chief executive of CBS and his former boss as “the biggest jerk on the planet.” (On […]')('2006031', 'The Italian stock exchange, seeking to reassure investors after a run of scandals that culminated in the spectacular collapse of the food group Parmalat two years ago, introduced a new disciplinary code on Tuesday aimed at strengthening corporate governance among listed companies. The nonbinding rules, which the exchange wants to pressure Italian firms to accept, […]')('2006031', 'Refco held offshore accounts with as much as $525 million in fake bonds, indicating the futures broker’s troubles may be more extensive than previously reported, according to four people with direct knowledge of evidence gathered by federal prosecutors investigating Refco’s collapse. Bloomberg News is reporting that New York-based Refco held the securities for Bawag P.S.K. […]')('2006031', 'Federated Department Stores , the parent of Macy’s and other chains, agreed to pay $725,000 to resolve an investigation by Eliot Spitzer, the New York attorney general, into misleading advertising practices and phony sales promotions. Go to Article from Reuters »')('2006031', 'Clear Channel Communications, the nation’s largest radio station owner, said on Tuesday that the Justice Department had closed two antitrust investigations into its broadcast and concert business without taking action. The Justice Department examined whether Clear Channel violated antitrust laws in one radio market and whether it illegally pressured artists to use its promotion service […]')('2006031', 'Dow Jones & Co. said Tuesday it agreed to pay $202 million to settle litigation with Market Data Corp. and Cantor Fitzgerald Securities over a contract guarantee it had issued to those companies in 1995. Go to Article from MarketWatch » Go to Article from Reuters »')('2006031', 'When a company goes the route of PIPE’s, you can bet that it is in trouble, unable to raise funds through conventional routes. But such companies can often raise millions of dollars, thereby postponing disaster. Yesterday, in penalizing a New York hedge fund and its lead trader a total of $15.8 million, the Securities and […]')('2006031', 'The Labor Department is investigating whether Northwest Airlines systematically shortchanged its employee pension fund over three years, then avoided having to make a $65 million payment to the fund by filing for bankruptcy protection just one day before the payment was due. Go to Article from The New York Times »')('2006031', 'After the Justice Department drastically reduced its request for information from Google, a federal judge said on Tuesday that he intended to approve at least part of that request. At a hearing in federal district court in San Jose, Calif., Judge James Ware said that in supporting the government’s more limited request, he would nonetheless […]')('2006031', 'Kesa Electricals, which owns the electrical retailer Comet has rejected a 1.7 billion pound bid, setting off a wave of speculation that buyers could be waiting in the wings for other British high-street stalwarts. Go to Article from The Guardian » Go to Article from The Telegraph »')('2006031', 'Robert L. Johnson, the founder and former chief executive of Black Entertainment Television, has acquired a tiny Florida savings and loan and plans to move it to Washington to use as the springboard for a large consumer financial services company aimed at black customers. The bank, to be renamed Urban Trust, is part of an […]')('2006031', 'Sandy Berger, a former national security adviser to under President Clinton, is poised to join hedge fund DB Zwirn as a special adviser. DB Zwirn is thought to have hired Mr. Berger to gain access to his network of business and government contacts as it eyes new investment opportunities. Go to Article from The Telegraph […]')('2006031', 'In this lesson, students learn how warmer temperatures have impacted ice drift tourism on the northern coast of Hokkaido, Japan. They then consider the ways a continued warming trend might impact other global tourist destinations in the future.')('2006031', 'Time Warner’s chief executive, Richard Parsons tried yesterday to smooth Edgar J. Bronfman’s ruffled feathers after he made disparaging comments about Warner Music in a New Yorker article. Parsons, who engineered the sale of Warner in late 2004 to a private-equity group headed by Mr. Bronfman, issued a statement to The New York Post, saying: […]')('2006031', 'Robert Tchenguiz is seeking to beef up the funding for his mooted 4 billion-pound-plus bid for Mitchells & Butlers (M&B), the pub and restaurant operator, by joining forces with Apax Partners, The Times of London reported. Mr Tchenguiz’s R20 investment vehicle has held detailed talks to persuade the private equity firm to join a consortium […]')('2006031', 'Wal-Mart, again and again, over the last few years, has tried to open a bank. And based on everything we know about the company, a Wal-Mart bank would almost certainly make life difficult for the Citigroups of the world and bring down A.T.M. fees. But the answer from lawmakers has been the same every time: […]')('2006031', 'The rapidly changing landscape of the markets, with big stock exchanges transforming into for-profit businesses, means that regulators must reexamine the system of U.S. exchanges’ self-regulation, the government’s top securities regulator said yesterday. Securities and Exchange Commission Chairman Christopher Cox spoke a week after the 214-year-old New York Stock Exchange acquired electronic rival Archipelago Holdings […]')('2006031', 'A former Enron managing director who evaluated risk for the company testified on Tuesday that he strenuously objected to the formation of off-balance-sheet partnerships directed by Andrew S. Fastow and urged the company to “come clean” about the risks they posed. Go to Article from The New York Times » Go to Related Article from […]')('2006031', 'The venture capitalists behind Skype are placing a new bet on AllPeers, a start-up based in Oxford, England. AllPeers is preparing a service that will let user share files privately through a Web browser using a “buddy list” of friends and acquaintances. Its founders, European entrepreneurs Cedric Maloux and Matthew Gertner, are hoping to ride […]')('2006031', 'Billionaire investor/TV personality/multitasker Donald Trump and other noted rich people will share their moneymaking secrets at a mammoth two-day real estate conference later this month in San Francisco. A staggering 61,000 people are expected to turnout to see Trump and Co. in action. “For whatever reason, I attract a lot of people,” Trump mused in […]')('2006031', 'Rosneft, Russia’s state-owned oil company, is preparing what may be the world’s biggest-ever share offering as early as October. The company, which pumps more oil than Algeria, may offer as much as $20 billion of stock on domestic and foreign markets. Go to Article from Bloomberg News »')('2006031', 'Europe’s largest independent oil company, Cairn Energy, said it will float up to 80 percent of its business on the Mumbai stock exchange and return the proceeds to shareholders. The announcement came after India’s state-controlled Oil & Natural Gas Corporation said it may buy Cairn’s assets in the Indian state of Rajasthan earlier this month. […]')('2006031', 'Japanese wireless service operator Willcom, owned by the Carlyle Group and the Japanese electronics maker Kyocera, is expected to soon start choosing book-runners for its public share offering planned as early as next year. The planned share flotation of Willcom, Japan’s largest operator of personal handyphone system services, will mark the fourth Japanese exit by […]')('2006031', 'Exxon Mobil Corp. Chairman Rex Tillerson and ConocoPhillips Chairman James Mulva on Tuesday rejected complaints by lawmakers that mergers are boosting oil, natural gas or gasoline prices. The nation’s top oil executives were called before Congress again yesterday to defend their industry’s recent mergers and record profits, in the face of public outrage over high […]')('2006031', 'Daily Mail publisher DMGT is considering of a sale of its southeastern local newspapers, which are part of Northcliffe, the regional newspaper group it failed to sell at the end of last year. The company has already held talks with several potential buyers. Among those interested in the titles, which include The Kent and Sussex […]')('2006031', 'News Corporation chief Rupert Murdoch has warned that power is tilting away from traditional media as consumers flock to the Internet, posing a serious threat to existing business models. “Power is moving away from the old elite in our industry — the editors, the chief executives and, let’s face it, the proprietors,” he said in […]')('2006031', 'Unisys said Tuesday that it planned to sell its 28 percent stake in Nihon Unisys of Japan, for $350 million. The divestiture is part of Unisys’ plan to reduce costs in the wake of a difficult fiscal 2005. Go to Article from The Philadelphia Inquirer » Go to Article from MarketWatch »')('2006031', 'First-time visitors to Wall Street often stand in front of No. 23, the once-fabled House of Morgan, and stare up at the tall, cramped columns of the New York Stock Exchange across the way, or down the six blocks to the East River, turning over in their minds the vastness of the fortunes made and […]')('2006031', 'New Global Telecom , once a voice-services provider that succumbed to bankruptcy during the telecom bust a few years ago, has raised a $10.75 million Series A round in its new life as a voice-over IP company. New investor Comcast Interactive Capital led the March round and new investors Centennial Ventures and Columbia Capital, as […]')('2006031', "Wednesday's report of a bid of as much as $13 billion for General Motors Acceptance Corporation may have been part of a strategy to apply pressure to the other interested party, a group led by Cerberus Capital Management. That is what an unnamed source was telling MarketWatch after The Wall Street Journal reported on a [...]")('2006031', 'Santaris Pharma , a Copenhagen-based biopharmaceutical drug developer focused on the treatment of cancer, has secured 40 million euros ($48.1 million) of Series B funding to further its clinical and preclinical development efforts. ABN Amro Capital Life Sciences led the round, alongside the participation of fellow new investors Global Life Science Ventures, Væksfonden and SPEF […]')('2006031', 'Since 2004, 12 real estate investment trusts, or REIT’s, representing all commercial property sectors – office, industrial, retail, hotels and apartments – have been acquired by private companies, and two other buyout offers are pending, both involving the Blackstone Group, a private equity firm in New York. Real estate specialists say more REIT’s can be […]')('2006031', 'Kohlberg, Kravis & Roberts is leading a group that has reportedly made an offer of as much as $13 billion to buy a majority stake in the financing arm of General Motors. A report in The Wall Street Journal, citing anonymous sources, said KKR, Wachovia, Merrill Lynch, General Electric and the Bank of Nova Scotia […]')('2006031', 'Bidding is heating up for Kate Spade and Laura Mercier, two brands that have been put up for sale by their majority owner, the Neiman Marcus Group, The New York Post said. Jones Apparel Group is said to be a lead contender for Kate Spade, known for its trendy handbags, shoes and home furnishings, sources […]')('2006031', 'Wal-Mart Stores and Tesco of Britain may bid for the South Korean outlets of Carrefour of France, company officials said on Wednesday, amid signs of a consolidation in the country’s $120 billion retail sector. Carrefour, the world’s second-largest retailer after Wal-Mart, may offload some of its South Korean outlets, although the sale process has yet […]')('2006031', 'CVS, the drugstore chain, says that its chief controller and its treasurer have left the company, following an internal investigation that turned up accounting errors made in 2000. The Securities and Exchange Commission has opened an “informal inquiry” of the matter, the retailer disclosed in a regulatory filing. Chief Financial Officer David B. Rickard was […]')('2006031', 'Dell has moved to quash rumors that suggested the company had acquired rival PC vendor Alienware. Speculation about a possible buyout has been rife since Rahul Sood, chief executive of Voodoo PC, an American computer supplier, posted his thoughts on such a move on his blog. “The PC gaming market is threatening Dell’s ‘perceived technology […]')('2006031', 'Alinta , Western Australia’s biggest natural gas retailer, says it may make a direct offer to shareholders of Australian Gas Light and bypass directors who rejected a proposed A$8.9 billion ($6.6 billion) takeover. Go to Article from The New York Times »')('2006031', 'Clearing up lingering doubts about what exactly would become of the port operations it controls in the United States, Dubai Ports World said Wednesday it would sell the assets outright. The Dubai-controlled company had previously agreed to "transfer" the ports to a United States entity in order to end a high-profile security investigation in Washington. [...]')('2006031', 'British competition regulators have cleared the way for the Deutsche Borse to buy the London Stock Exchange after the German company agreed to measures to ensure the independence of the L.S.E.’s clearing provider. Go to Article from The Times of London »')('2006031', 'The Bush administration pushed back Tuesday against Republican lawmakers’ plans to change the review process for foreign acquisitions, saying national security was already the top concern of the committee that approved Dubai Ports World ‘s aborted takeover of several port terminals in the United States. Treasury Secretary John W. Snow, speaking to a bankers’ trade […]')('2006031', 'Investors, including Carl Icahn-controlled hedge funds, are trying to break up Micron Technology’s $680 million deal to acquire chip maker Lexar Media in hopes of putting a bigger price tag on the company. The shareholders, who collectively own over half the company, have been pestering Lexar’s management since the deal was announced and are considering […]')('2006031', 'Short sellers have been the bane of Patrick Byrne, the outspoken CEO of online discounter Overstock.com. Now, with his company’s stock notching huge but mysterious gains this week, he is enjoying a bit of revenge as bearish investors run for cover. At a loss for another explanation, some analysts said that Overstock’s gains — it […]')('2006031', 'The compensation adviser behind an estimated $135 million payout to the chief executive of North Fork Bancorporation has also received fees for other services from the bank in recent years, according to regulatory filings. The other business dealings that the adviser, Mercer Human Resources Consulting, has had with North Fork raise questions among corporate governance […]')('2006031', 'He has already shaken up the investment banking and insurance industries with his investigations. And as of Wednesday, the New York attorney general, Eliot Spitzer, has a new target: H&R Block, the largest tax-preparation company in the United States. Mr. Spitzer announced Wednesday that he had sued H&R Block, accusing the company of fraudulent marketing [...]')('2006031', 'Shares of General Motors ticked up as much as 2.8 percent early Wednesday on a report that a group led by the private equity firm Kohlberg, Kravis & Roberts had offered $12.5 billion to $13 billion for a majority stake in its financing arm, the General Motors Acceptance Corporation. Although the report in The Wall [...]')('2006031', 'The Abu Ghraib box set: Salon publishes what it calls an "annotated archive" of the Abu Ghraib scandal, the complete collection of the "279 photos and 19 videos of Abu Ghraib abuse first gathered" by the Army\'s Criminal Investigative Command investigation. "Although the world is now sadly familiar with images of naked, hooded prisoners in [...]')('2006031', "Yep, condominium ombudsman is a state office in Florida (Nevada, too). It deals with the many disputes, mostly financial, involving condominium boards. As the WSJ noted this weekend, in a piece reprinted by an outspoken Florida homeowners' group: Squabbles break out in condos, home-owners' associations and co-ops all the time. It's part of the inevitable [...]")('2006031', 'Shares of construction materials company Hanson touched an all-time high on the London Stock Exchange on Wednesday amid speculation that the company may sell its United States business or that French rival Lafarge might bid for the company. Go to Article in The Telegraph »')('2006031', 'Dick Morris, who knows a thing or two about reviving troubled presidencies, writes in the New York Post that President Bush isn\'t doing enough to cultivate a "daily majority": If Bush doesn\'t get his act together and begin to work hard at building popular support, his self-indulgence will land him in ever-deeper misery. His ratings [...]')('2006031', 'Lawmakers should consider making corporate tax returns public to encourage businesses to follow tax laws, IRS Commissioner Mark Everson said Tuesday. Mr. Everson urged lawmakers to balance the importance of taxpayer privacy with the need to improve corporate tax compliance and consider opening part or all of corporate returns to scrutiny. Go to Article in [...]')('2006031', 'Regulators around the world are taking diverging approaches to hedge funds, with some - such as those in Hong Kong and the United Kingdom - considering making these investment pools more accessible to consumers, while others pushing for tighter oversight. The head of investment and securities at the Cayman Islands Monetary Authority says one of [...]')('2006031', 'We at DealBook usually enjoy James. C. Cramer\'s insight on stocks, and we have almost come to accept - or at least overlook - his chair-hurling and other histrionics. Tuesday night, however, even we were surprised by the antics on his "Mad Money" one-year anniversary program on CNBC, an hour-long celebration that made Mr. Cramer [...]')('2006031', 'New York Islanders defeat New Jersey Devils, 6-1 (M)3')('2006031', 'Jennifer Shorey letter abhors March 10 article glamorizing bullfighting; contends it is not sport, rather extraordinarily cruel act')('2006031', "US Soccer Federation says national team coach Bruce Arena's future will not be determined by team's performance at World Cup (M)2")('2006031', 'Ten museums in Louisiana and Mississippi that were affected by Hurricane Katrina and Rita have received $4,500 travel grants from organization at Massachusetts Institute of Technology to research further loans (S)')('2006031', 'New York Knicks coach Larry Brown places bl')('2006031', 'Town of Pulheim, Germany, suspends installation by Spanish performance artist Santiago Sierra that resembles gas chamber after complaints by Jewish leaders and Holocaust survivors; photo (S)')('2006031', 'Leo A Orleans letter says Pres Bush must come clean with Americans in order to regain their support in Iraq (March 14 article)')('2006031', 'Correction; March 8 review of restaurant Blaue Gans referred incorrectly to ingredient in one dish')('2006031', "Letter from former Hillary Clinton staff assistant Christopher A Stratton says evolution of Clinton's views is rooted in hard-won common sense; says operation and security of ports should be governmental function (March 12 David Brooks Op-Ed column)")('2006031', 'Cooks working from their homes team with delivery services to provide meals to workers in areas with large Indian populations; with spread of such services, workers from disparate areas of India are catered to and get foods that echo their upbringing; photos (M)')('2006031', 'David Buchsbaum letter says Pres Bush continually modifies his strategy in Iraq to meet different circumstances; says he should clarify it and tell Americans truth about his plans (March 14 article)')('2006031', 'Japan defeats Mexico, 6-1, in World Baseball Classic (M)')('2006031', 'Play Guardians, award winner at Edinburgh Festival Fringe in 2005, will be presented at Culture Project and will be directed by Jason Moore (S)')('2006031', 'Photo of Red Hots Burlesque School of Shimmy, where 17 beginners--including one man--learn history of burlesque, how to develop a costume and comic character and how to pick stage name; photo (S)')('2006031', 'Commerce Department reports sales at retail stores and food establishments dropped 1.3 percent, first monthly decline in six months; sales rose 2.9 percent in January and rose 0.3 percent in December; sales at gasoline stations dropped 1.6 percent in February after rising as 4.3 percent in January, as prices dipped from average of $2.31 per gallon to $2.28 per gallon; department reports current-account deficit widened by 20.5 percent in 2005, to record $804.9 billion; graphs (M)')('2006031', 'Da Vinci Code author Dan Brown testifies for second day in London court that idea for his best-selling novel was not taken from Michael Baigent and Richard Leigh book The Holy Blood and the Holy Grail; photo (S)')('2006031', 'New Orleans Saints sign quarterback Drew Brees to contract; photo (M)3')('2006031', "James L Swanson, constitutional law expert, has written book Manhunt: The 12-Day Chase for Lincoln's Killer to feed his obsession with Lincoln's assassination; his passion is widely shared one, proven as book debuted at No 6 on New York Times best-seller list and has remained steady at No 5 since; movie rights have already been optioned by Walden Media; photo (M)")('2006031', "Photo of mourners outside Riverside Church for Gordon Parks's funeral")('2006031', 'R W Apple Jr article on foods of marshy, island-rimmed Lowcountry of South Carolina, with its complex culinary traditions; recommendations for eateries in Charleston; photos (L)')('2006031', 'Local 32BJ SEIU endorses Atty Gen Eliot Spitzer for governor of New York (S)')('2006031', 'Actors Studio finds new residence at Pace University in Lower Manhattan after being homeless for nearly year; will establish three-year Master of Fine Arts program with venerable theatrical institution; photo (S)')('2006031', 'Ohio State University and cent')('2006031', 'Patsy R Townsend, former fire marshal of Monmouth County, NJ, pleads guilty to taking $1,000 bribe to help contractor (S)')('2006031', 'Burton Kaplan, convicted marijuana dealer, testifies in trial of Louis J Eppolito and Stephen Caracappa, two retired New York detectives, saying they served as killers for mob, murdering at least two men and kidnapping another on its behalf; says detectives not only shot and killed Gambino family captain and jeweler from Long Island, but also passed on secret police intelligence to Anthony Casso, Luchese underboss, who used it to track down his own murder victims; photos of Caracappa and Eppolito (M)')('2006031', "Mayor Michael R Bloomberg suspends Correction Dept's top chaplain, Umar Abdul-Jalil, an imam, for two weeks, saying he should have informed audience of Muslim students in Tucson last April that he was speaking for himself, not department, when he told them was White House was occupied by terrorists and made comments about 'Zionists of the media'; offers vigorous defense of free speech (M)")('2006031', 'Port Authority of New York and New Jersey breaks off talks with Larry A Silverstein on development of World Trade Center site, accusing him of negotiating in bad faith; says Port Authority, which owns land, has made series of concessions in effort to resolve differences, but that Silverstein, leaseholder, made last-minute counterproposal that clearly demonstrates that greed is his main motivation (M)')('2006031', "Roger Toussaint, president of New York City's transit workers' union, says he will submit union's rejected contract to new vote by 33,700 subway and bus drivers; union makes no progress in its efforts to reach more generous agreement from Metropolitan Transportation Authority during meeting with state mediators (M)")('2006031', 'Peter Meehan reviews Manhattan restaurant El Centro; photo (M)')('2006031', "Monique Frugier letter says failure of Pres Bush's go-alone strategy is exceeded only by his manipulation of American public (March 13 article)")('2006031', 'Photo of woman at Red Hots Burlesque School of Shimmy')('2006031', 'Funeral is held for Gordon Parks at Riverside Church in Manhattan (M)')('2006031', 'Eric Asimov touts Supreme Court ruling striking down bans on out-of-state wine shipments in New York and Michigan; cites similar laws around country that allow consumers to buy wines they would otherwise not have opportunity to sample; photo (M)')('2006031', 'Darryl Littlejohn, suspect in murder of Imette St Guillen in New York City, has been mentioned by investigators as potential suspect in three other attacks, two rapes and a kidnapping; but those investigations have not gone well for authorities; victims in two cases in Queens did not pick Littlejohn out in lineups; in Nassau County case, in which attacker abducted and raped 15-year-old girl, it appears that there may be no lineup; Littlejohn photo (M)')('2006031', 'Philip Walker letter suggests Bush administration is not incompetent, rather it is loyal to big business with whom it is so firmly tied (March 11 Maureen Dowd Op-Ed column)')('2006031', 'Contract talks begin between New York City building service employees and management, and they are expected to be especially difficult this year; Local 32BJ of Service Employees International Union represents 28,000 doormen, elevator operators and other service workers at 3,500 apartment buildings; management negotiators say they are in no mood to pay far more for health insurance because residential buildings are already being squeezed by spiraling fuel costs and rising taxes (M)')('2006031', "Pascal Dusapin's new opera Faustus, the Last Night, presents legend of Faust and his pact in modern times; opera does not go over familiar versions of stories, but instead is largely non-narrative reflection on life and existence; work was jointly commissioned by Lyon Opera and Berlin's Deutsche Stattsoper Unter den Linden; photo (M)")('2006031', 'Group of European computer researchers, affiliated with computer science department at Vrije Universiteit in Amsterdam, have demonstrated that it is possible to insert software virus into radio frequency identification tags, part of micro-chip based tracking technology in growing use in commercial and security applications; researchers, in paper to be presented at annual Pervasive Computing and Communications Conference in Pisa, Italy, plan to demonstrate how it is possible to infect tiny portion of memory in chips, which can hold as little as 128 characters of information; conference is sponsored by Institute of Electrical and Electronic Engineers; most computer security experts until now have discounted possibility of using such tags to spread computer virus because of tiny amount of memory on chips; photo (M)')('2006031', 'Patrick J Bulgaro is stepping down as acting chairman of New York State lobbying commission and will nominate Paul L Shectman to replace him (S)')('2006031', 'Article in The Chef series profiles Ken Smith of Upperline restaurants in New Orleans; recipes for fried green tomatoes and shrimp remoulade; photos (M)')('2006031', 'Chefs in New York are waiting to see how health department will rule on controversial technique known as sous vide, in which raw food is vacuum-sealed for storage; technique is is forbidden in France because it is said to increase risk of botulism (M)')('2006031', "Elizabeth-Merry Condon letter defends Sen Hillary Clinton against David Brooks's charge that she is driven by political expediency in Dubai ports deal and other issues (March 12 Op-Ed column)")('2006031', "Some sample questions and answers for annual standardized mathematics test for seventh and eighth graders in New York State reappear on real exams now being administered; officials at State Education Department and CTB/McGraw-Hill, test publisher, offer no explation for what caused gaffe, which gives about 400,000 students advance peek on actual test questions; promise to adjust for mistake in scoring exams; this year's tests are first that will be used to measure school performance in New York City under federal No Child Left Behind law (M)")('2006031', 'Eviction looms as threat for people who live and work in 36 loft spaces at 55-65 South 11th Street in Williamsburg, Brooklyn; neighborhood is being gentrified, and new landlord, DOV Land LLC, seeks to maximize rental income on building, one of two warehouses on street that have been home to publishers and presses since late 19th century and to artists and performers as well in recent decades; eviction may be avoided if State Supreme Court judge rules that tenants are protected by rent stabilization laws; photo (M)')('2006031', "Monmouth University defeats Hampton College, 71-49, in NCAA tournament men's play-in game; photo (M)")('2006031', "Six New York City public employees are named recipients of this year's Sloan Public Service Awards by Fund for City of New York; they are Leonora Gidlund, director of city's Municipal Archives, Deputy Comr Henry Jackson of Office of Emergency Management, Wilfredo Lopez, general counsel of Health and Mental Hygiene Dept, Charles D McFaul, deputy chief administrative law judge and counsel to Office of Administrative Trials and Hearings, Bernadette Nation, director of Business Outreach Team for Brooklyn in Small Business Services Dept, and Marie Sanzone, music teacher at Public School 247 in Brooklyn; photo of Gidlund (M)")('2006031', 'William Grimes reviews book A Fine Place to Daydream: Racehorses, Romance and the Irish by Bill Barich; photo (M)')('2006031', 'Correction; March 8 article about women who dine at New York restaurants while wearing vintage clothing misspelled name of restaurant')('2006031', 'Rock and Roll Hall of Fame induction ceremony is held at Waldorf-Astoria; honorees include Blondie, Lynyrd Skynyrd and Black Sabbath; Sex Pistols loudly proclaim their refusal to take part (M)')('2006031', 'Conductor James Levine, who faces surgery for torn rotator cuff after fall at Boston concert, says he plans to use recovery time to lose weight and improve his overall health; plans to return to conducting July 7 when Boston Symphony Orchestra begins its season at Tanglewood; photo (M)')('2006031', "Market Place column; Securities and Exchange Commission's decision to penalize hedge fund lead trader Jeffrey Thorp and one of his funds $15.8 million laid out illegal way that investors get rich on private investment in public equity, or PIPE; PIPE deals usually allow buyer to buy shares at price below market price of stock; catch is that shares are not registered with SEC; buyers are required to sign statements promising not sell securities until registration statement is effective (M)")('2006031', 'Nassau County Exec Thomas R Suozzi airs first 30-second spot in his bid for Democratic gubernatorial nomination in New York; its accuracy and effectiveness assessed; photo (M)')('2006031', "Shannon Babb, 18-year-old from Highland, Utah, wins top honors in Intel Science Talent Search for discovering that pollution in Spanish Fork River in Utah are threatening river's carp and working with state officials to remedy problem; 40 high school seniors go to Washington for finals; New York has 13 finalists, more than any other state; Babb photo (M)")('2006031', "Albany University prepares to face Connecticut University in men's NCAA tournament; photo (M)")('2006031', "Frank Bruni reviews restaurant P J Clarke's on the Hudson, located in World Financial Center; photo (M)")('2006031', 'New liqueurs include Pama, made of pomegranate, and cream drink containing pear eau de vie; photos (S)')('2006031', "ELDER POSADA'S VOYAGE: FROM CUBA TO A BOX")('2006031', 'Joe Hutchinson letter says Pres Bush sees events in Iraq through set of preconceived notions that no amount of contradictory evidence can sway (March 14 article); drawing')('2006031', "Frank Dellacamera, former Mamaroneck, NY, police officer, pleads guilty to selling cocaine in White Plains and trying to buy thousands of dollars' worth of stolen property (S)")('2006031', "Wide range of Connecticut legislators and planners support proposal that would transform quiet Windsor Locks railroad station into bustling, critical business hub that would link Bradley International Airport to new commuter rail line running on existing Amtrak route from New Haven and Hartford to Springfield, Mass; proposal, which is included in Gov M Jodi Rell's proposed budget, calls for service every 30 minutes during peak hours at 11 stations each way; proponents say project would ease traffic congestion, expand state's business corridor and help revitalize several cities hurt by continuing decline in manufacturing jobs; map (L)")('2006031', 'Nicole Farhi store in Chelsea Market discounts all baked goods sold at counter between 2 PM and 4 PM every day; photo (S)')('2006031', 'New York Yankees owner George Steinbrenner does not discuss injury to outfielder Johnny Damon, who hurt his shoulder during World Baseball Classic (M)')('2006031', "12 real estate investment trusts, or REIT's, representing all commercial property sectors have been acquired by private companies since 2004, and two other buyout offers are pending, both involving Blackstone Group; Blackstone last week agreed to buy CarrAmerica Realty Corp, for $5.6 billion; real estate specialists say more REIT's can be expected to go private as long as interest rates remain low, investors are flush with capital and private buyers and Wall Street analysts have disparate views of how much underlying real estate is worth; as many as 10 other deals may be in pipeline; photo (M)")('2006031', "Elaine Glicksman letter faults David Brooks's conclusion that Hillary Clinton's opposition to Dubai ports deal is test of her character; asks why he does not condemn Republicans opposed to deal (March 12 Op-Ed column)")('2006031', 'New York Mets pitcher Brian Bannister and Aaron Heilman will compete for last position on starting rotation (M)1')('2006031', 'New restaurants opening in New York include Marbella and Buenos Aires in Manhattan and Nuves in Queens; other restaurant news noted (M)')('2006031', "Nancy Barell letter agrees with David Brooks's assessment of Hillary Clinton as pandering politician (March 12 Op-Ed column)")('2006031', "Army women's basketball team prepares to face Tennessee University in first round of NCAA tournament; photo (M)")('2006031', 'Wegmans Food Markets join with Bon Appetit Management Co and Environmental Defense in adopting new purchasing policies for farmed king salmon; they say rules should reduce levels of contaminants in fish and help clean up untreated waste in coastal waters (M)')('2006031', "Alessandra Stanley TV Watch column on radio host Howard Stern's appearance on CBS program Late Show With David Letterman; Stern is involved in legal desupte with former boss and CBS chief executive Les Moonves in connection with Stern's move to Sirius Satellite Radio; Letterman and Stern carry on relatively civilized conversation in spite of fact that Stern's multimillion-dollar fortune rests on crudeness (M)")('2006031', "New Jersey School Construction Corp, which was created in 2002 to build schools primarily in state's poorest districts, has alrrady spent $3.1 billion in those districts, building 31 schools, but it has also frittered away opportunities and money; state auditor and inspector general has found lax fiscal oversight at agency and fiascos in school construction; photo (M)")('2006031', 'Nine students at Stanford Law School participate in Supreme Court Litigation Clinic at law school, only program in country devoted to giving law students hands-on experience at highest court; help represent clients with actual cases before Supreme Court, writing briefs and filing petitions for writs of certiorari; do not argue cases, but help lawyers prepare oral arguments (M)')('2006031', 'Portuguese wine bar Tintol offers flaming dishes; photo (S)')('2006031', "Vince Kaminski, former Enron managing director who evaluated risk for company, testifies that he strenuously objected to formation of off-balance-sheet partnerships directed by Andrew S Fastow and urged company to 'come clean' about risks they posed; says he saw conflict of interest in LJM partnership set up by Fastow; former employee Christopher Loehr also testifies in seventh week of trial of former Enron chief executive Jeffrey K Skilling and founder Kenneth L Lay; photo (M)")('2006031', 'Prof Peter K Frost letter contends that announcing date for withdrawal from Iraq might not lessen insurgency, but would likely encourage anti-insurgent forces to shape up (March 14 article)')('2006031', 'Two episodes of series debut of')('2006031', 'New York State acquires 2,500-acre tract of wilderness along Shawangunk Ridge in Ulster County and plans to use land to expand adjoining Minnewaska State Park Preserve; Trust for Public Land and Open Space Institute negotiated deal and bought land for $17 million; photo of Philip Nicholas, project manager of trust; map (M)')('2006031', 'Mark Bittman The Minimalist column offers recipes for butternut squash and tips for easy peeling of its tough skin; photos (M)')('2006031', "New York State Assembly and Senate open their public budget negotiations with conflicting views of how to use state's multibillion-dollar surplus; Republican-control Senate proposes tax cuts that would reach $6.4 billion annually within three years; Democratic-led Assembly proposes more modest tax-cut plan and gives priority to substantial increase in state financing of New York City schools to comply with court order (M)")('2006031', "Jerrold Hill letter contends Sen Hillary Clinton is responding to New Yorkers' anger over ports deal, not pandering to electorate (March 12 David Brooks Op-Ed column)")('2006031', 'Dominican Republic defeats Venezuela, 2-1, in World Baseball Classic (S)')('2006031', "Some professionals are abandoning their careers for property brokerage, seeking less drudgery and higher pay; Marisa Manley, who trained as architect, founded her own real estate firm; John McCarthy, former treasury manager at Toys 'R' Us, is working for Cushman & Wakefield; John Barrett is responsible for large chunk of commercial property in Westchester County as broker at Massey Knakal; photos (M)")('2006031', "Nation's top oil executives are called before Congress again to defend their industry's recent mergers and record profits, in face of public outrage over high oil and gasoline prices; is second time in four months that oil industry faces strong criticism from both Republican and Democratic senators; most of companies represented, including Exxon Mobil, Chevron and ConocoPhillips, participated in wave of mega-mergers of late 1990's and early 2000 that created today's behemoths; Sen Arlen Specter called hearings to examine whether mergers in industry resulted in higher gasoline prices; Royal Dutch Shell president John Hofmeister says oil industry remains highly competitive despite immense size; Sen Dianne Feinstein says degree of competition and amount of market power held by oil companies following mergers raises serious questions; legislation proposed by Specter would permit government to take legal action against OPEC for fixing oil prices; Sen John Cornyn defends industry; photo (M)")('2006031', 'Ground is broken on 170,000-square-foot retail and office center in Melrose section of Bronx; project is expected to create 225 permanent jobs; developer is Related Companies (S)')('2006031', 'Gary Mongiovi letter says it is clear from statements by Gen William Wallace that politics and ambition, not common sense, drove Iraq policy (March 13 article)')('2006031', 'Carolina Hurricanes defeat New York Rangers, 5-3; photo (M)')('2006031', 'Season premiere of HBO drama The Sopranos attracts 9.5 million viewers, down from 12.1 million viewers who watched premiere of previous season; show faces competition from ABC hit Desperate Housewives and from multiplying outlets where HBO shows can be seen, on cable channels, computers and even hand-held devices; photos (M)')('2006031', "COACH'")('2006031', 'James M Welke letter says he feels betrayed when Pres Bush talks about his plan in Iraq (March 14 article)')('2006031', "Murray Chass On Baseball column discusses Team USA's disappointing performance in World Baseball Classic, and possible coming elimination; photo (M)2")('2006031', 'Coalition of groups that oppose civil rights for gay people is pressing boycott of Ford Motor Corp; American Family Association is trying to force Ford to stop advertising in publications aimed at gay readers; Ford gives no indication that it will back off its decision to continue advertising in gay media (M)')('2006031', 'Late last month I was filling in as the company commander for my unit while our real commander was back home for leave. During that time, the company had a mission planned that was no different than many of the others I had been on in the past. While any mission can be dangerous, this [...]')('2006031', "Filing deadline? What filing deadline? While all of the attention in Newark's political community was focused on City Hall - a WABC television crew actually spent the morning staking out the mayor's parking space at City Hall - Cory Booker spent the early part of the most anticipated day of the Newark mayor's race 10 [...]")('2006031', "Broadcasting and publishing company E.W. Scripps got some static Thursday over its agreement to buy uSwitch, an online shopping service based in Britain, for $366 million. The all-cash deal, which Scripps will finance with borrowings on its commercial paper program, comes less than a year after Scripps' $570 million acquisition of Shopzilla, another shopping-related Internet [...]")('2006031', 'Readers respond to Bob Herbert\'s March 16 column, "Stop Bush\'s War." Narayan Iyengar, Lawrenceville, N.J.: One of the most disturbing aspects of America\'s war on terrorism is the reckless and casual use of excessive firepower to eliminate targets. In the process, thousands of innocent men, women and children have been killed. The total death toll [...]')('2006031', "Mayor James (Dith Pran/The New York Times) Mayor James dropped off petitions with 1,156 signatures last month, and only needed three more signatures to qualify. After his showboat arrival at the city clerk's office today, with supporters cheering, he announced that he had called on members of his family - he, his wife and his [...]")('2006031', "Mayor Sharpe James threw off a varsity jacket, stripping down to gym shorts and a tank top, at just about 4 p.m. Then, wearing a straw hat, he hopped onto a Newark Police Department bicycle and rode off in City Hall to the city clerk's office, carrying the remaining petitions he needs to get on [...]")('2006031', 'Readers respond to David Brooks\'s Mar. 16 column, "Rumsfeld\'s Blinkers": Ed Loewenton, Morrisville, Vt.: You say "All of this, and a great pile of similar commentary, was written in the first few days of the ground war." Actually, the guiding wisdom was "The Seven Pillars of Wisdom," written in the early part of the twentieth [...]')('2006031', 'The allure of working at a privately held company may be raising the stakes for their publicly traded counterparts, The Economist reports. The generous pay and stock-based benefits given to executives at privately held companies - especially those that get bought out and taken public again - mean that public companies must now fight harder, [...]')('2006031', "With everything from old warehouses, libraries, schools and factories being turned into condos these days, you'd think another conversion would just pass along as an un-read press release. But word this week that EMI, the music giant, was considering selling its landmark Capitol Records building in Hollywood to a condo developer has raised concerns. A [...]")('2006031', 'Ralf Schumacher. Several pertinent comments came in through the first few days of this blog, during the first race of the season. As the second race is already upon us with the teams gathering in Kuala Lumpur and the Thursday press conference already done, here are a few thoughts on those ideas you threw in: [...]')('2006031', 'Sharpe James appeared at a local elementary school this morning with First Lady Laura Bush, and after accepting a $14 million reading grant from the Department of Education, he was hit with the question of the day: Will he run for a record sixth term? "I will be at Newark City Hall, on the 4th [...]')('2006031', 'Michael Carpenter, who was once considered the heir apparent to Citigroup\'s Sandy Weill, is ending his 11-year career at the financial services powerhouse. Mr. Carpenter, head of Citigroup\'s $40 billion alternative investment business, is leaving in part to "avoid potential conflicts of interest as he finalizes plans to build an entrepreneurial venture," Citigroup said in [...]')('2006031', 'David Tepper is turning up the heat on Delphi, the bankrupt auto-parts giant in which his hedge fund, Appaloosa Management, owns a 9.3 percent stake. Mr. Tepper, a former head of junk-bond trading at Goldman Sachs, said he plans to propose a rival slate of up to four directors for election when the 2005 annual [...]')('2006031', 'Floor traders and specialists on the New York Stock Exchange are worried about the possibility that the exchange may be planning to bypass them altogether in the trading of Exchange Traded Funds, according to SquawkBlog. The concerns come soon after the exchange completed its merger with electronic trading system Archipelago Holdings, a combination that drew [...]')('2006031', "The world's hedge funds now have an estimated $1.5 trillion at their disposal, according to a report on Thursday in The Daily Telegraph. The figure, which the newspaper credits to HedgeFund Intelligence, represents a 50 percent jump from the estimate of $1 trillion of funds under management in 2004. If accurate, these numbers paint a [...]")('2006031', "In the virally gossipy world of blogs, a press release is often superfluous. That seemed to be the case as Six Apart, which created the popular blog publishing software Movable Type and blog-hosting servce TypePad, officially announced the closing of a $12 million round of venture capital financing. (Full disclosure: The New York Times' blogs [...]")('2006031', 'Real estate ads, like the classifieds, are increasingly moving online. Search Engine Watch notes the example of a Minnesota-based realtor, Edina Reality, which is in the middle of a campaign to shift ads that have traditionally been in newspapers or on TV or radio to the Web. The move could create additional problems for those [...]')('2006031', 'George Will joins the chorus against the line-item veto (which President Bush has asked Congress to give him) in his Washington Post column: "It would aggravate an imbalance in our constitutional system that has been growing for seven decades: the expansion of executive power at the expense of the legislature. This ongoing development has been [...]')('2006031', "Del Monte continued to bulk up its pet food holdings with Thursday's agreement to buy Milk-Bone, which makes dog treats, for $580 million. Earlier this month, Del Monte snapped up cat-food brand Meow Mix for $705 million. Kraft Foods, which is selling Milk-Bone, portrayed the divestiture as part of a strategy to focus on its [...]")('2006031', 'Oliver Kamm, a British investment banker and blogger, writes in the Guardian that, despite appearances, the war in Iraq was a good idea: The failures of the occupation are legion: delayed elections, inadequate security, eroding infrastructure, complacency over the tortures at Abu Ghraib, and a heavy death toll among Iraqi civilians and our troops. But [...]')('2006031', "It's 10 a.m. at City Hall. Do you know where your mayor is? Maybe he's out collecting signatures. Today is the last day candidates can file for the mayoral race, and Mayor Sharpe James is still short of the 1,159 signatures that are necessary to get on the ballot. Four years ago, he wheeled in [...]")('2006031', 'There seems to be a lot going on at Jones Apparel Group besides just selling clothes. The company has reportedly placed a bid for Kate Spade, the boutique acccesories maker known for its handbags. That report, from Reuters on Thursday, came a day after The New York Post pegged Jones Apparel as the "lead contender" [...]')('2006031', "Brown-Forman, the producer of Jack Daniel's, Southern Comfort and Finlandia Vodka, has agreed to pay $255 million to acquire Chambord, a brand of black raspberry liqueur. Lazard advised Brown-Forman on the transaction, with Michel Dyens & Company working on behalf of the seller, Charles Jacquin et Compagnie. The deal comes in the same week that [...]")('2006031', "Call it Shopzilla, the sequel. Media group E.W. Scripps, which last year spent $570 million in cash to buy online comparison shopping service Shopzilla, has struck again with a $366 million deal to buy uSwitch, a privately held shopping site in Britain. A large chunk of uSwitch's sale price appears to be destined for the [...]")('2006031', 'Motorola announced on Wednesday that its venture capital arm has become of the largest stakeholders in Shanghai NewMargin Venture Capital Enterprise, a $35 milllion private equity fund that focuses on high-tech, high-growth companies in China. The telecommunications company also said it made undisclosed investments in two Chinese mobile services companies. Go to Article on Forbes.com [...]')('2006031', 'Damien Cave provides a handy video primer on the city of Newark and previews the race for mayor.')('2006031', "Ending a two-month stalemate, chemical company Engelhard of the United States has agreed to share nonpublic financial data with its unwelcome suitor, Germany's BASF. BASF also extended its $4.9 billion hostile offer for Engelhard, giving investors until April 14 to consider the cash bid. Go to Bloomberg Article »")('2006031', "For the second time in a week, investment banking boutique Greenhill & Company has hired a banker away from financial services giant Citigroup. The latest recruit is Robert Hyer Jr., brought in as a managing director in Greenhill's New York office. While at Citigroup Global Markets, Mr. Hyer led the electronic financial services group. Go [...]")('2006031', 'France has told European regulators that the utility Suez and the state-owned Gaz de France felt compelled to accelerate merger talks, with the explicit encouragement of the French state, after learning that a foreign bidder intended to break up a company that France felt could become a European champion, according to people familiar with the [...]')('2006031', "Steel company Corus has signed a letter of intent to sell a large chunk of its aluminium business for 570 million pounds. The American company Aleris International has agreed to acquire Corus' downstream aluminium rolled products and extrusions business. Corus' stakes in Canadian and Chinese joint ventures are also included in the agreement. Go to [...]")('2006031', "Casino Guichard-Perrachon plans to sell 2 billion euros ($2.41 billion) of underperforming assets and dispose of its stake in a closely held supermarket company amid competition from Carrefour. The food retailer's shares rose as much as 7.9 percent, the most in three years. Go to Article from Bloomberg News »")('2006031', "The Saudi stock market breathed a sigh of relief on Wednesday as Prince al-Waleed bin Talal, the world's eighth-richest man, promised to invest almost $3-billion into the battered bourse. But the temporary reprise in a market that has lost 30 percent of its capitalization in the past two weeks may do little to stop the [...]")('2006031', "Japanese cable broadcaster Usen Corporation said Thursday its president will personally buy Fuji TV's stake in disgraced Internet portal Livedoor. Usen's President Hideyasu Uno will purchase all of Fuji TV's 12.75 percent interest in Livedoor for 9.5 billion yen ($81.2 million), the company said. Usen, an Internet and cable broadcasting service firm, also said it [...]")('2006031', "China Merchants Bank, China's sixth-largest lender, plans to sell about $1.7 billion of shares in Hong Kong as growth in the world's fourth-largest economy increases demand for loans. Merchants Bank will sell 2.2 billion shares, or a 15 percent stake, when market conditions are suitable, the Shenzhen-based lender said. Go to Article from Bloomberg News [...]")('2006031', 'The Ukraine Parliament on Wednesday passed a measure that would prevent the government from selling the Nikopol steel factory to the private sector, the second such attempt by lawmakers to keep it under state control. The Parliament voted 271 to 0 to put Nikopol on a list of enterprises that could not be privatized through [...]')('2006031', 'China Communications Construction Group has picked Merrill Lynch and UBS to handle its IPO, which could raise roughly $1 billion, Reuters reported. Go to Article from Reuters »')('2006031', 'Eight months ago, entrepreneur John Furrier started carting a microphone around Silicon Valley, interviewing friends in the venture capital and technology business and posting the resulting podcasts online. Now he has raised $5.5 million from venture investors to turn his Podtech Networks into a full-on news service. Podtech plans to hire a group of experienced [...]')('2006031', "Big buyout firms aren't the only ones in the private equity industry setting their sights on the hedge fund market. Miami-based HIG Capital Management has set up a new hedge fund affiliate and plans to raise $500 million for a debut hedge fund, according to LBO Wire. Go to Article from LBO Wire »")('2006031', 'A judge on Wednesday denied a request by Richard A. Grasso, the former chairman of the New York Stock Exchange, to dismiss most of the claims made in a lawsuit to recover some of his pay. Mr. Grasso had sought to dismiss four of the six legal claims that Eliot Spitzer, the New York attorney [...]')('2006031', "Since he announced his intention to run for governor of New York 14 months ago, it doesn't take a political insider to know that the only person who can defeat Eliot Spitzer is Eliot Spitzer, David Weidner writes in MarketWatch. Still, it's not exactly true that Wall Street is against Mr. Spitzer's run for governor. [...]")('2006031', "In the midst of the latest crisis in the Philippines, with a coup attempt afoot, a state of emergency declared, thousands massing in the streets and President Gloria Macapagal Arroyo's administration coming unhinged, a friend suggested that what the country should really do is go into receivership. He was joking. But maybe he was onto [...]")('2006031', 'A former trader for Reliant Energy, Jerry A. Futch Jr., has been sentenced to almost five years in prison for submitting false information about natural gas trades to an industry publication, in what prosecutors called the first such case in the nation. Go to Article from The New York Times »')('2006031', "Chen Jiulin, the former chief executive of China Aviation Oil (Singapore) , pleaded guilty Wednesday to six charges related to a $550 million derivatives trading scandal that drove CAO, China's biggest jet fuel trader, to the brink of bankruptcy in 2004. Go to Article from The International Herald Tribune »")('2006031', "Many South Koreans believe they have seen the ugly face of American capitalism - and it bears an uncanny resemblance to Carl Icahn. As the South Korean business community expresses outrage over the corporate raider's moves against tobacco firm KT&G, the company is relying on more proven defenses already at hand. It has hired New [...]")('2006031', 'The Federal Communications Commission leveled a record $3.6 million fine yesterday against 111 television stations that broadcast an episode of "Without a Trace" in December 2004, with the agency saying the CBS show suggested that its teenage characters were participating in a sexual orgy. CBS defended the "Without a Trace" episode, saying the episode contained [...]')('2006031', 'Last year, takeover activity in the global metals industry hit a record high and this year and next year should see even more mergers and acquisitions in that sector, according to Desjardins Securities. The value of mergers and acquisitions among metals producers in 2005 climbed to a record $42 billion (United States). "We expect this [...]')('2006031', "Barrick Gold has acquired all remaining shares of Placer Dome, sealing its $12.1 billion takeover and creating the world's largest gold miner. Barrick had acquired 94 percent of Placer's shares by early February, enabling it to take control of the company and force the acquisition of the remaining shares under market rules. Go to Article [...]")('2006031', 'Energy Spectrum Partners has invested $30 million of equity in start-up drilling company Forrest Drilling, anticipating strong demand for oil rigs from energy producers. The investment came from the $350 million Energy Spectrum Partners IV LP, raised in 2004. Go to Article from LBO Wire »')('2006031', "Is the world ready for an $8,000 drip coffee maker? The Coffee Equipment Company, an eight-person start-up in Ballard, Wash., has bet $1 million that it is. Dubbed the Clover, it's claimed to be the first commercial-grade machine to give baristas consistent, independent control over the four variables of drip coffee: water temperature, coffee grind, [...]")('2006031', 'Financial institutions interested in serving the growing Latino market are multiplying. Two financial groups are each raising $20 million to $30 million to start banks in Los Angeles aimed specifically at Latino consumers and small companies. One of the two is attracting investment from Mexico, while the other has the backing of 30 successful Latino-American [...]')('2006031', "Carlyle Group and Newbridge Capital are the leading contenders to buy a unit of Taiwan's Eastern Multimedia Group, as they seek access to Asia's third-biggest cable-television market, Bloomberg reported. Carlyle is seeking to borrow NT$30 billion ($927 million) for its bid, said three bankers competing to lend the money to the Washington-based buyout fund. San [...]")('2006031', "Wireless chip maker Icera has closed a $40 million Series C round that is expected to push the start-up into production. London-based Amadeus Capital Partners, which had kept its eyes on the company for years, presented a term sheet three weeks into Icera's fund-raising effort and eventually led the round. Go to Article from VentureWire [...]")('2006031', "CIMB Group's Bumiputra-Commerce Holdings, Malaysia's second-largest lender, upped its offer for Southern Bank to M$6.7 billion ($1.8 billion) on Wednesday, after months of heated negotiations over the nation's largest banking takeover. CIMB Group and Southern Bank, which is the nation's second-smallest lender, jointly announced the proposed merger, saying they now have unanimous support from the [...]")('2006031', "India may lure a record $4 billion in private equity next year as buyout firms such as Actis Capital LLP and Blackstone Group LP, undeterred by soaring valuations, raise their bets on the world's second-most populous nation. Buyout and venture capital firms worldwide are set to raise $3.5 billion to $4 billion in funds dedicated [...]")('2006031', 'A group of private equity firms is planning to make an unsolicited $15 billion cash bid for the Japanese subsidiary of Vodafone, in what could become the largest buyout in Asia, people involved with the offer said last night. The group, which includes Cerberus Capital Management and Providence Equity Partners, both of the United States, [...]')('2006031', 'Vikram Pandit and John Havens, former top executives at Morgan Stanley, will probably open a hedge fund next month after raising at least $2 billion from investors, said three people with knowledge of their plans. Old Lane will invest in areas ranging from energy to infrastructure projects in India, said the people, who declined to [...]')('2006031', 'Goldman Sachs ended a 10-year securities alliance with Indian billionaire Uday Kotak, seeking to expand in a market where share sales rose by more than 50 percent to a record last year. Goldman said it sold its 25 percent stakes in two ventures with Kotak Mahindra Bank Ltd. for 3.33 billion rupees ($75 million) and [...]')('2006031', 'Gene Simmons, the tongue-wagging singer for the rock band Kiss, is planning a spring IPO for their pay-television venture known as NGTV, short for No Good TV, which will feature frank celebrity interviews and nudity. Go to Article from The Los Angeles Times via The Seattle Times »')('2006031', 'First Atlantic Capital Ltd. is gearing up to begin the process of exiting Golfsmith International Holdings Inc., a golf retailer it bought four years ago and has helped to expand with new stores and acquisitions. Austin, Texas-based Golfsmith International has filed for a $115 million initial public offering. Go to Article from LBO Wire »')('2006031', 'Analysts are playing down reports that Ericsson is planning to buy Juniper Networks. Shares of Juniper rose 5.3 percent Tuesday to $20.21 on rumors that the Swedish telecommunications equipment giant is considering a bid for the Sunnyvale, Calif., maker of networking gear. While not ruling out such a deal, analysts noted that Ericsson is still [...]')('2006031', "The lengthy mating dance among European stock exchanges may be entering its final whirl, as a potential American takeover of the London Stock Exchange has driven two rival exchange operators, Euronext and Deutsche Börse, into serious merger talks. On Wednesday, Deutsche Börse welcomed Euronext's expression of interest in striking a deal that would create a [...]")('2006031', "DP World retained Deutsche Bank Securities as a financial adviser on the sale of its American port operations. Sullivan & Cromwell will serve as its legal adviser. Alston & Bird 's Washington office, which had been leading DP World's lobbying efforts on Capitol Hill, will assist the company on regulatory matters. Go to Article from [...]")('2006031', 'Allianz, Europe\'s largest insurer, reported an almost tripling in fourth-quarter profit, helped by investment gains and improved earnings from banking and asset management. The earnings "have mainly been driven by revived business at Dresdner and rising capital markets," said Kevin Lilley, who helps manage about $47 billion, including Allianz shares, at Royal London Asset Management. [...]')('2006031', "The Russian state oil company Rosneft has acquired $482 million in debt that the troubled oil company Yukos owed to Western banks, Yukos said Wednesday. The step raised the possibility that Rosneft might acquire Yukos's remaining assets. Rosneft has already acquired Yukos's richest oil fields and with Yukos in official disfavor and teetering on the [...]")('2006031', 'Trying to make sense of Newark politics can sometimes feel like passing through a carnival funhouse, at night, alone, in dark glasses. Bruising political battles have been the norm around here since 1733, when Josiah Ogden initiated a feud of decades with local Puritans after daring to harvest his wheat on a Sunday. Back then [...]')('2006031', "Merrill Lynch chief Stanley O'Neal explored a takeover of North Fork Bancorp, the Long Island bank that agreed to a $14.6 billion sale this week, according to Bloomberg News. Mr. O'Neal, who is expanding Merrill after cutting almost 25,000 jobs and returning the firm to record profit, met at least once with North Fork's chief [...]")('2006031', 'Does the B in M.B.A. stand for buyouts? Judging from newspaper accounts of late, business school graduates are snubbing investment banks in droves and clamoring to work for the likes of Kohlberg Kravis Roberts and Blackstone Group. The frenzy over private equity firms (which in less genteel times were called leveraged buyout firms) was most [...]')('2006031', 'Nassau County, NY, Executive Thomas Suozzi to announce that Lighthouse Group, led by Charles Wang, and Reckson Associates will develop 77-acre site around Nassau Coliseum in Uniondale; others who bid for development rights include owners of New York Mets; $1.5-billion project will include baseball stadium, residential and commercial complex, and $200 million in improvements to Coliseum; neighbors of site complain about possible competition with existing businesses as well as other concerns (M)')('2006031', 'Lawrence P Goldman, president of New Jersey Performing Arts Center, announces plan to become partner in construction of 250 units of mostly market-rate rental housing and retail space on land across from center; 20 percent of apartments would be set aside for artists with modest incomes; Goldman hopes to revitalize downtown Newark; project would cost more than $100 million and be privately financed; photo; drawing (M)')('2006031', 'Photo of police officers preparing to enter restaurant in Pismo Beach, Calif, after gunman kills two people and wounds two others before killing himself')('2006031', 'Correction; March 14 editorial on death of Slobodan Milosevic cited wrong figures for number of people charged and convicted by International Criminal Tribunal for Former Yugoslavia; tribunal has indicted 160 men and one woman, not 161 men')('2006031', 'Garden Q&A explains how new gardeners can get started; drawing (S)')('2006031', 'Potential takeover of London Stock Exchange by Nasdaq drives rival exchange operators Euronext and Deutsche Borse into serious merger talks; deal would create pan-European company with dominant franchise in derivatives trading; photo (M)')('2006031', 'Federal Communications Commission levels record $3.6 million fine against 11 television stations that broadcasted episode of CBS program Without A Trace, saying show suggested teenage characters were participating in sexual orgy; program was among nine cited for fines totaling about $4 million for allegedly violating decency standards between February 2002 and March 2005 (M)')('2006031', 'British government pledges that British Broadcasting Corp can continue to be financed by license fee, annual charge levied on all British television owners, through next decade; dscision comes after rough time for BBC and will require major reorganization of way corporation is run; Culture Sec Tessa Jowell says while government is optimistic, BBC cannot take its position for granted; photo (M)')('2006031', 'Exhibition called American Streamlined Design: The World of Tomorrow opens at Bard Graduate Center in Manhattan; photos (S)')('2006031', 'New York Knicks defeat Atlanta Hawks, 121-117, in double overtime; photos (M)')('2006031', 'New York City, under pressure from upstate residents bordering its reservoirs, takes measures to prevent flooding; residents have complained for years that city has not done enough to prevent floods; city maintains that is is required to supply water to its residents and businesses, and is not in business of flood control; says floods are caused by storms, not reservoirs; photo (M)')('2006031', 'Convicted murderer Jabbar Collins files documents accusing Brooklyn prosecutor Michael F Vecchione of gross misconduct in handling his case for murder of Abraham Pollack; was sentenced in April 1995 to at least 33 years in prison; Collins illegally recorded conversation with witnessses against him to obtain information; through that and other methods he claims that he can show that witnesses were offered incentives to cooperate; Vecchione denies offering deals to witnesses in case; photo (M)')('2006031', 'Ronald Balter letter says it is unrealistic to expect states to scrap Electoral College system; offers alternative suggestion (March 14 editorial)')('2006031', 'Correction on March 9 article about knockoff dresses worn to the Oscar ceremony')('2006031', 'Letter from Rob Richie, executive director of FairVote Center for Voting and Democracy, cites evidence that Electoral College system is unfair to young people and racial minorities (March 14 editorial)')('2006031', 'Personal Shopper column on new hangers shaped to accommodate shirts, trousers, ties, scarves, belts and fur coats; photos (M)')('2006031', 'Room to Improve column answers questions on refigerators and new line of sconces, called Walllamps; photos (M)')('2006031', 'Pres Bush nominates Dr Andrew C von Eschenbach to serve as commissioner of Food and Drug Administration; Sens Hillary Clinton and Patty Murray vow to block vote until agency decides whether to allow over-the-counter sales of emergency contraceptive Plan B; profile; photo (M)')('2006031', "Rapper Juvenile takes No 1 spot on Billboard album chart, selling 174,000 copies; Hasidic reggae singer Matisyahu's album debuts at No 4; photo (S)")('2006031', 'Exhibition Crescent Moon: Islamic Art and Civilization in Southeast Asia at National Gallery of Australia offers evidence that Islamic art can embrace Southeast Asia, where it has been dominant religion since 15th century, despite fact that region was cut off from inspiration of Ottoman, Persian and Mughal empires; National Gallery is taking advantage of its proximity to Southeast Asia and venturing into new territory for museum better known for its holdings of Australian art; photos (M)')('2006031', 'Interview with Christine Ebersole, actress appearing in Broadway play Grey Gardens, at home in Maplewood, NJ; photos (M)')('2006031', 'New York Mets pitcher Pedro Martinez and outfielder Cliff Floyd get good news about health and prepare for returns (M)')('2006031', "Anita Sharma letter says she enjoyed reading Madhur Jaffrey's reflections on Indian mangoes almost as much as she enjoys eating them herself (March 12 Op-Ed article)")('2006031', 'Census Bureau statistics indicate that New York City population has slowed slightly, after slight dip in immigration; city demographers challenge latest estimates, putting population at record 8.2 million; in metropolitan area only Somerset County, NJ, increases by 1 percent (S)')('2006031', 'Prof Jack Rakove letter agrees with direct election of president, but abhors proposal for electors to vote for national popular-vote winner; drawing (March 14 editorial)')('2006031', 'Chrysler says most of its salaried workers will pay more for their health coverage beginning in 2007; says it expects to cut 10 percent to 15 percent of its 14,500 salaried jobs in US, or up to 2,235 positions through voluntary buyout programs (M)')('2006031', 'Alex Kuczynski Critical Shopper column on Victora Secret store in Forum Shops at Caesars Palace in Las Vegas; photos (M)')('2006031', 'Profile of Dr Roberto M Rey Jr, Beverly Hills plastic surgeon and star of reality television show Dr 90210; some surgeons say he has made their specialty seem more user-friendly to mass audience; critics say his show gives viewers impression that plastic surgery is casual beauty treatment rather than serious surgical procedure; photos (M)')('2006031', "K T McFarland says she has 'no excuses' for failing to vote in some recent New York elections; challenger to Sen Hillary Rodham Clinton is also registered in Manhattan as well as in Hamptons (S)")('2006031', 'Utah State University basketball player David Pak, playing in NCAA tournament, served 8-year prison sentence for rape; photo (M)')('2006031', 'Yale Roe letter disagrees with Thomas Friedman March 15 Op-Ed column; says trust but verify is reasonable course')('2006031', "Wegman's food stores in Rochester presses burglary, trespassing and other charges against Adam C Durand, film maker; Durand and two friends, Melanie Ippolito and Megan Cosgrove, paid unauthorized visit to Wegman's poultry farm and filmed documentary, Wegman's Cruelty, that they claim demonstrates cruel and unhealthy treatment of hens caged there in close quarters; some experts question whether all scenes in movie were actually filmed at Wegman farm; photo (M)")('2006031', "House Republicans are split over proposal to bar lawmakers temporarily from privately financed trips; leadership insists move is necessary to restore public faith in integrity of Congress before November elections; restrictions are part of broad package of lobbying law changes, which would also require lobbyists to disclose gifts and meals they provide to lawmakers and would require lawmakers to reveal when they designate money for pet projects, known as earmarks, that are often requested by lobbyists; despite rift, proposal signals leadership's determination to move ahead with lobbying reform; photos (M)")('2006031', "Richard Sandomir TV Sports column discusses ESPN's coverage of World Baseball Classic (M)")('2006031', 'In macabre detail, witness tells of murders by detectives; Burton Kaplan testifies at racketeering trial of former New York City detectives, Louis J Eppolito and Stephen Caracappa, who are accused of taking part in at least eight mob murders; says detectives took part in contract killings of Israel Greenwald, Long Island diamond dealer, Edward Lino, Gambino family captain, and kidnapping of James Hydell; some crimes were committed for their patron, Luchese crime family boss Anthony Casso; Kaplan says he was liaison between gangsters and lawmen; photo (M)')('2006031', 'Camilo Villegas is young rookie on PGA Tour who is gaining notoriety after good finishes; photo (M)')('2006031', 'Paul Michalski letter offers solution to Electoral College system that would govern in case of close election (March 14 editorial)')('2006031', 'Council of School Supervisors and Administrators declares impasse in contract talks with New York City; represents principals and assistant principals; hopes for intervention by state mediator (S)')('2006031', 'Dr Joseph H Burchenal, oncologist who did pioneering work with drug treatments for leukemia and other kinds of cancer, dies at age 93; photo (M)')('2006031', 'Sen Joseph I Lieberman calls for Senate to issue subpoenas to require White House to turn over documents and provide access to senior officials so committee can complete investigation into response to Hurricane Katrina; Sen Susan Collins, who chairs investigating committee, opposes subpoenas, saying White House has been reasonably responsive (S)')('2006031', 'Cleveland Browns sign linebacker Willie McGinest to three-year contract (M)')('2006031', 'Federal and international authorities charge 27 people in nine states and three other countries in connection with Internet child pornography ring; Atty Gen Alberto Gonzales says it is among worst they have discovered; live videos of children being molested were transmitted online; trends in child pornography include images that are produced, not just circulated, by predators themselves, sophisticated use of security measures and increasingly violent images involving younger children (M)')('2006031', "Seton Hall University prepares to face Wichita State University in first round of men's NCAA tournament (M)")('2006031', "Dimonah and Mehmet Iskel meld different design traditions in their Paris apartment, which also serves as office for couple's wallcovering business, Iskel Decorative Arts; photos (M)")('2006031', "Lawyers for I Lewis Libby Jr subpoena The New York Times Company and former Times reporter Judith Miller in connection with pending charges of obstruction of justice; subpoenas seek Miller's notes and other documents concerning dislosure of identity of undercover CIA operative Valerie Wilson (M)")('2006031', "John Enerson letter rejects March 14 editorial's proposal on Electoral College")('2006031', 'First consumer reviews of Digital Multimedia Broadcasting, South Korean government-subsidized television programming available on cellphones, suggest images are free of jerky motion; experts say screen technology makes images actually look sharper on screens that are smaller than seven inches; paid satellite-based DMB service has been available nationwide since last May and new free land-based version is currently available only in Seoul area; photo (M)')('2006031', 'Lawmakers bemoan overall debt and annual deficits, but few show much enthusiasm for casting tough votes to cut into them; advocates of spending restraint say Congress is failing to respond to grass-roots demands for tighter control on spending; Democrats contend that Republicans have misguided priorities and are giving short shrift to social programs (M)')('2006031', 'Brian C Kalt letter offers suggestion to reform presidential elections (March 14 editorial)')('2006031', 'New Jersey Nets defeat Portland Trail Blazers, 78-65; photo (M)')('2006031', 'Mariana Gosnell reviews')('2006031', 'Ramon Pequero is indicted for murders in 2001 of rival drug dealers, Tyrell Williams and Al Cruz, at Frederick Douglass Houses in Manhattan (S)')('2006031', "Russian state oil company Rosneft acquires $482 million in debt of Yukos, raising possibility that it might acquire Yukos's remaining assets (M)")('2006031', "Controversy over New York Theater Workshop's delay of production of My Name Is Rachel Corrie intensifies on third anniversary of her death; James C Nicola, workshop's artistic director, and Lynn Moffat, its managing director, insist they wanted to postpone show and not cancel it, despite declarations by play's authors and Royal Court Theater, London troupe that initially produced play, that workshop pulled plug on done deal; critic's accuse workshop of fearing play's controversial political content; photo (M)")('2006031', 'Federal prosecutors in death penalty trial of Zacarias Moussaoui ask Judge Leonie Brinkema to overturn ban on testimony from aviation officials, saying ban cripples their case; ban was imposed following disclosure that attorney Carla J Martin had violated court order against coaching of witnesses (M)')('2006031', 'News analysis of possible collapse of trial of Zacarias Moussaoui in light of revelations that attorney Carla J Martin provided transcripts and gave pointed advice to witnesses in apparent violation of court order; says line between what is permissible in coaching witnesses is not always clearly defined; cites expert opinions about distinction in proper and improper coaching of witnesses (M)')('2006031', "Reaction to Sony's announcement that it will delay next PlayStation console until November meets with mixed reaction; shares of big American game publishers rise 2 percent to around 5 percent while both consumers and game experts say delay could prompt some gamers waiting for PlayStation 3 to switch to rival XBox 360 from Microsoft; photo (M)")('2006031', 'Letter from Federal Bureau of Investigation official John Miller rejects assertion that FBI has frequent violations of intelligence gathering rules (March 9 article)')('2006031', 'Nancy Rossi letter says problem with Dubai ports deal is that Bush administration suddenly expects Americans to accept nuance, which they have been told for years is unpatriotic (March 15 Thomas Friedman Op-Ed column)')('2006031', 'Leaders of United Auto Workers union express doubt that deal with General Motors could be reached on assistance plan for Delphi Corp to buy out workers before March 31 deadline; union has threatened to strike if judge agrees to set aside labor contracts and impose sharply lower wages (M)')('2006031', 'Photo of New York City firefighters battling brush fire at federal preserve on Staten Island')('2006031', "Texas A&M University prepares to face Syracuse University in first round of men's NCAA tournament; photo (M)")('2006031', 'Group of private equity firms, including Cerberus Capital Management and Providence Equity Partners of US, plans to make unsolicited $15 billion cash bid for Japanese subsidiary of Vodafone; bid comes as Vodafone is in midst of negotiating to sell wireless subsidiary to SoftBank Internet service provider; photo (M)')('2006031', 'Robert Frank column, in light of renewed debate over polygamous marriage prompted by new HBO series Big Love, explores question of who would have upper hand--men or women--if such marriages were legal in US (M)')('2006031', 'Roundup of new stores opening in New York City and Palm Beach Gardens, Fla; photos (M)')('2006031', "V.Smile introduces V.Smile Art Studio, battery-operated children's drawing tablet that connects to TV screen; photo (S)")('2006031', 'Fourth World Water Forum, conference of water experts, is held in Mexico City, which provides arresting example of effects on water supplies of unchecked urban growth, shortsighted management and political inertia; once plentiful water supply was drained over five centuries of building by Spaniards; Mexico City and its surrounding suburbs extract water from aquifers more than twice as fast as they replenish them; spongy clay where city sits dries up and compresses, causing city to sink, sometimes as much as 15 inches a year in some areas; city is responding to shortage by taking water from mountains in west, depriving poor inhabitants of running water they were promised; photo (M)')('2006031', 'Charles Herold reviews Syphon Filter: Dark Mirror and Pursuit Force, computer game developed by Sony Bend and published by Sony for Playstation Portable, and Pursuit Force, developed by BigBig Studios and published by Sony; photo (M)')('2006031', "Eric Wilson Front Row column on designer Peter Hidalgo's first solo collection and on exhibition by fashion photographer Martin Parr in Chelsea; photo (M)")('2006031', 'Court transcripts and parole board notes demonstrate anger held by bouncer Darryl Littlejohn, aka Damon Wells and Jonathan Blaze, who is accused of murdering Imette St Guillen in New York; Littlejohn has refused to cooperate with court during previous trials and failed to impress parole board that he was helped by anger management program (M)')('2006031', 'Sony introduces NV-U70 Nav-U, its first portable satellite navigation unit, with built-in battery so routes can be planned without being in car; photo (S)')('2006031', "Bill Cardoso, writer and editor who coined word 'gonzo' to describe Hunter S Thompson's prose, dies at age 68 (M)")('2006031', 'Verbatim introduces Notebook Essentials Collection, in case size of shaving kit, that includes retractable combination cable for both broadband and dial-up modem connections and optical USB minimouse for use with laptop computers; photo (S)')('2006031', 'Robert C Baker, agricultural scientist who transformed poultry industry, dies at age 84; photo (M)')('2006031', "Nevada University, Pacific University, Montana University and San Diego State University prepare for NCAA men's tournament (M)")('2006031', "Julie Bosman Advertising column on ad spending during this year's National Collegiate Athletic Assn tournament, which is expected to hit record $500 million; focuses on specific marketing tie-ins to this year's tournament; photo (M)")('2006031', "Fishs Eddy, source for new and vintage tableware, has relocated its two Uptown Manhattan stores into Gracious Home's two Uptown stores; photo (S)")('2006031', 'Mark Zeff of Zeff Designs and hotel owner Vikram Chatwal use black and white Gothic motif for interiors of new Night Hotel in Manhattan; photos (S)')('2006031', 'Alessi introduces indoor-outdoor Moiramoira tablecloth and placemat set and a stainless steel and glass Blow Up table; photos (S)')('2006031', 'League of Education Voters of America places negative advertising on cable television that criticizes two Republican lawakers in New York for not doing more to get more money for education; $200,000 campaign singles out Senators Serphin R Maltese of Queens and Nicholas A Spano of Yonkers; group also sets up political action committee pledging to raise $3 million to defeat Senate Republicans; both lawmakers defend their records on education and blame Democrats for commercials (M)')('2006031', 'Security force and lobby attendants at Co-op City in Bronx go on strike over pension benefits and work rules; Co-op City Police Benevolent Association is representing strikers (S)')('2006031', 'Guy Trebay column on difficulty of trying to explain certain fashion trends seen at Paris fashion shows: concrete-block shoes, mushroom-cloud wool caps, lots of blonde hair and lots of fur; photos (M)')('2006031', 'LG introduces LG Style-1, pen-shaped remote control for cellphones that works through Bluetooth wireless connection; photo (S)')('2006031', 'Dave Anderson Sports of The Times column discusses New York Jets, which could pursue quarterback Vince Young or Jay Cutler; photos (M)')('2006031', 'Phillip Alder bridge column on 15th Samuel Stayman Memorial Pro Am in Palm Beach, Fla; diagram (M)')('2006031', 'Campbell Robertson Boldface column attends parties in New York City for Horton Foote and movie premiere of Liza With a Z; interviews Robert Duvall and Liza Minnelli, others (M)')('2006031', 'Article on latest in robotic products for consumers, including lines of high-tech toys displayed at American International Toy Fair in February in New York; Hasbro is adding cuddly electronic animals to its FurReal line, including baby chimpanzee and Butterscotch, life-size miniature pony that will be sensitive to light and touch; WowWee has introduced Scoty, which performs several computer communication and entertainment functions through voice recognition; photos (M)')('2006031', 'Atlantic Monthly, outpacing New Yorker, receives eight nominations for National Magazine Awards; Virginia Quarterly Review garners six nominations; winners will be announced May 9 (M)')('2006031', "Michelle Slatalla Online Shopper column on searching Internet for proper team shirt for her women's tennis league; drawing (M)")('2006031', "James Risen and Eric Lichtblau of The New York Times win Goldsmith Prize for Investigative Reporting for their coverage of Bush administration's domestic eavesdropping program; award is given annually by Joan Shorenstein Center on Press, Politics and Public Policy at John F Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University; center presents special award to Nicholas D Kristof for his reporting on genocide in Darfur, Sudan (M)")('2006031', 'Rep Katherine Harris announces she will invest her $10 million fortune in flagging Senate campaign, ending speculation about whether she will withdraw; she has struggled to raise money and lags far behind Democratic incumbent Sen Bill Nelson (M)')('2006031', 'James Flanigan Entrepreneurial Edge column on expansion of interest in Latino-owned businesses in Southern California market, where one-fourth of estimated $1 trillion in annual income nationally of Latino businesses is located; two financial groups are each rasing $20 million to $30 million to start banks in Los Angeles aimed specifically at Latino consumers and small companies; photo (M)')('2006031', "Michael Cooper news analysis on damage that developer Larry A Silverstein may have caused himself by his demands on how to rebuild World Trade Center that infuriated Gov George E Pataki, his most powerful ally; Pataki administration now portrays Silverstein as greedy developer and accuses him of betraying public trust; some see rebuilding as central to Pataki's legacy and believe Silverstein gambled that Pataki, eager to get job started before he leaves office, would agree to terms less favorable to state; lack of progress has been embarrassment to Pataki; like Mayor Michael R Bloomberg, Pataki considers wresting control of project from Silverstein; photo (M)")('2006031', 'The Glamour (Sigh,')('2006031', 'MTA chairman Peter S Kalikow says contract dispute with Transport Workers Union should be resolved through binding arbitration and not membrship vote; criticizes New York State Public Employment Relations Board for not using its power to order arbitration immediately afer vote in January against contract; union president, Roger Toussaint, has suggestedsecond vote (S)')('2006031', "People in their 40's are fastest growing segment of new triathletes, according to USA Triathlon; many are longtime athletes who like idea of switching from one to three sports because it offers fresh variety and puts less strain on muscles and joints; photos (M)")('2006031', 'Movie theater owners gather at ShoWest convention where slide in American moviegoing is openly discussed; owners brainstorm ways to get Americans back in their theaters, including switch to digital projection and lowering prices during off-peak hours; photo (M)')('2006031', 'Photo of residents at Riderwood Village retirement community, Silver Spring, Md, discussing comments made by Pres Bush during visit; Bush says he opposes extending May 15 deadline for Medicare beneficiaries to sign up for new prescription drug program')('2006031', 'Michael Anthony Novak letter contends system of primaries is more antidemocratic than Electoral College; says system guarantees that Americans have two candidates handed to them by major parties (March 14 editorial)')('2006031', 'DP World, Dubai company that acquired several port terminals in major East Coast cities, confirms that it will sell those operations to unrelated American buyer (S)')('2006031', 'Houston Rockets pitcher Andy Pettitte says he may not pitch beyond coming season; photo (M)')('2006031', "Antonia Ramirez is accused of critically injuring her 2-year-old daughter at their home in Brooklyn; is pregnant and has three other children, who are in custody of Children's Services Administration (M)")('2006031', 'Sheila Bridges, Manhattan interior designer, is offering satiric spin on classic toile de Juoy pastoral scene wallpaper called Harlem Toile de Juoy; photos (S)')('2006031', 'Queens: Sentencing in case of abandoned girl***Cesar Ascarrunz, Bolivian doctor who pleaded guilty to killing his companion Monica Lozada-Rivadineira in Queens, is sentenced to at least 27 years in prison; is also sentenced to two to seven years for abandoning her 4-year-old daughter, Valery; girl is in custody of relatives; photo (S)')('2006031', "Israel and Palestinians trade recriminations in aftermath of Israeli raid on prison in Jericho; Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas calls raid 'ugly crime' after touring prison, which was left in ruins; Israeli acting Prime Minister Ehud Olmert says men seized in operation will be tried in Israel; five are members of militant group that claims responsibility for 2001 killing of Israeli cabinet minister and sixth is accused of organizing large weapons shipment; British and American prison monitors leave because of concerns about security; several prisoners seized have already been tried and convicted by Palestinians, raising legal questions about whether they can be tried again for same crime (M)")('2006031', 'Kim Craig letter says problem with Dubai ports deal is that Bush administration cultivated ignorance and stereotyping instead of providing leadership (March 15 Thomas Friedman Op-Ed column)')('2006031', 'Jennifer DeLonge creates club chair and matching ottoman just for children; photos (S)')('2006031', "Anne Raver column on St Patrick's Day as traditional pea-planting time around southern New York and New Jersey, when soil is just becoming workable; notes edible garden peas need some kind of trellis or fence for support; photos (M)")('2006031', "Panel convened by Gov Jon S Corzine of New Jersey recommends that state's Schools Construction Corp be abolished and replaced with new government authority; agency is responsible for building and rehabilitating schools in state; authority's head, Scott A Weiner, says agency's problems are not because it exceeded its budget, but because it did not have budget; (M)")('2006031', 'Cuba defeats Puerto Rico, 4-3, to advance to World Baseball Classic semifinals (M)')('2006031', "Authenticity of Picasso crayon drawing that sold for $39,999.99 on Costco's Web site is called into question; Maya Widmaier-Picasso, who authenticates much of her father's work, says authenticity certificates accompanying works are forgeries; Costco pulls other Picasso drawings off site and launches investigation; photos (M)")('2006031', 'South Korea defeats Japan, 2-1, in World Baseball Classic; photo (M)')('2006031', 'Cable channel VH1 receives highest ra')('2006031', "Bill Decker letter disagrees with March 14 editorial, which called Electoral College 'relic'; says editorial fails to address issue of electing regional candidate")('2006031', 'Personal letter writing is becoming obsolete; coming generation communicates almost exclusively by cellphones, e-mails, text or instant messaging; etiquette experts who offer letter-writing classes for children note that basics--like the salutation and its place on the page--are news to most; stationery and greeting card companies are scrambling to stay relevant; drawing (M)')('2006031', 'Samsung introduces L85, retro-styled point-and-shoot model that is first camera to tap into high-definition craze; photo (M)')('2006031', 'First round of NCAA tournament discussed; photos (M)')('2006031', "Makers of athletic clothing say their new 'compression apparel' can give you more energy; say tights, shorts and tops made with bands of extra-thick stretchy fabric--designed to hug key muscles like the glutes, quads, hamstrings and calves--keep muscles warm and well-supported; researchers testing compression garments say scientific evidence is inconclusive; photos (M)")('2006031', "Bloomberg administration's decision to re-evaluate tax incentives to housing developers in New York City under popular 421-a program starts impassioned debate over amount of incentives that developers need to maintain growth of new housing units, especially in areas that are developing on their own, like downtown and Williamsburg, Brooklyn, Harlem and Wall Street area; housing advocates want city to change rules to require that moderately price housing is built in projects receiving subsidies; experts want to avoid putting chill on market by removing subsidies and to identify areas where developers would build market rate housing even without tax breaks (M)")('2006031', 'Photo of Utah State University basketball player, David Pak, who is 29-year-old convict who served eight years for rape and is now playing in NCAA tournament')('2006031', 'Suburban home builders turn to urban condo development, in part because opportunities to build in suburbs have dwindled with stricter regulations and increasing scarcity of land; photos (M)')('2006031', 'Jonathan Bloomfield letter says Electoral College will never be abolished because small-population states will be unwilling to relinquish disproportionate power they have in election process (March 14 editorial)')('2006031', 'Yesterday I provided first glimpses of an Argentinian restaurant and a Greek one. Today: Italian and (sort of) Chinese.')('2006031', 'The new engine rule affected the Formula One spectacle more on the second race weekend than during the first, as Friday practice in Sepang showed. One of the biggest weaknesses of the new V8 engines is their reliability, simply because they have not had the time to be developed enough. As before, an engine must [...]')('2006031', 'I can now say I have seen the much-touted city of Falluja. From the Euphrates River in the west to the rolling farmland just outside the eastern "Cloverleaf" overpass, it is a city with as many personalities as it has citizens. The history I know says that Falluja has always been a haven for criminals, [...]')('2006031', '.')('2006031', 'High closing costs came as a surprise to Jamie Fritz and Niki Scalera Fritz when they bought their brand-new condominium at 555 West 23d St. The couple moved to New York from Las Vegas for Niki\'s role in the new musical "Tarzan," soon to open on Broadway. Closing costs tend to be especially high on [...]')('2006031', "Like many other parts of the country, sales in California's Silicon Valley are not quite as robust as they used to be, according to brokers there. Nonetheless, prices keep breaking records, Realty Times notes in a report this week. The median single-family home price on closed sales, the online publication said, rose to a record [...]")('2006031', 'Another indication that the New York City housing market is slowing can be found in a report on open houses released yesterday by the Manhattan brokerage firm Barak Realty. The company analyzed and charted average attendance at Sunday open houses from Jan. 15 through March 12 and found that attendance had declined 13.7 percent from [...]')('2006031', ". . . is the little store from, Pasadena, Calif. The New York Observer has its ace real estate writer, Michael Calderone, covering the opening of Trader Joe's down on 14th St. He's doing a live blog as if this were the Oscars. And yes, the staff is wearing the Hawaiian shirts. Mr. Calderone reports: [...]")('2006031', 'Carl Icahn is at it again. The activist investor revealed on Friday that funds he controls have bought a 6 percent stake in memory chip maker Lexar Media and indicated that he may push for a higher price from its proposed acquirer, Micron Technologies. The move comes as Mr. Icahn is embroiled in a $10 [...]')('2006031', 'At the Newark Health and Extended Care Facility, where he dropped in on an afternoon concert for some elderly residents today, Cory Booker was prevailed upon to lead the audience in song. He tried. "I know how bad I am," he said, after gamely belting out choruses of "Amazing Grace" and "I\'m Gonna Let It [...]')('2006031', 'Readers respond to Thomas Friedman\'s March 17 column, "America\'s Iran Policy" Alan Goldstein, Plainfield, N.J.: I think your analysis is entirely wrong because it is predicated on the manipulation by a foreign power of one faction against the other, whether it is within Iraq or between Iraq and Iran. Let me explain. You can\'t come [...]')('2006031', "Shares of William Lyon Homes shot up more than 30 percent Friday as investors bet that the company's chairman and controlling shareholder, General William Lyon, will be forced to raise his bid to take the company private. Friday's offer marks the second time in less than a year that Mr. Lyon has tried to take [...]")('2006031', "After Mayor Sharpe James's circus-like, under-the-wire filing for re-election yesterday, political observers were left struggling to find a coherent explanation for what, exactly, he was up to. Mr. James' backers called it a master stroke that will set the stage for his re-election to a sixth term, upstaging the charismatic Cory Booker and depriving him [...]")('2006031', 'In this lesson, students will explore the value of personal written communication as compared to the use of e-mail or text messaging.')('2006031', "For those of you who missed the nightly news and Mayor James' spectacular petition drop-off, Channel 2 has some colorful video. As to the mayor's overall intentions, the mystery deepens. His office today said that he has no public appearances on his schedule for today, or the foreseeable future. – Damien Cave")('2006031', "Liberal columnists, magazines and blogs continue to debate whether Democrats should support Russ Feingold's resolution to censure President Bush for warrantless domestic wiretapping. There are two competing equilibria among those who think Feingold's move was bad politics: One side says Feingold's move was a selfish calculation to promote his (expected) 2008 presidential campaign, and Democrats [...]")('2006031', 'The Los Angeles Times editorial page says the Bush administration\'s new National Security Strategy - which reiterated the notion that preventive war is a "pillar" of American policy - creates "a more dangerous world." The L.A. Times would prefer the president say yes to democracy promotion but no to pre-emptive war, especially the "scary" suggestion [...]')('2006031', "The Star-Ledger offers a broad overview here of what the re-match between Mayor Sharpe James and Cory Booker, the opponent half his age, might look like. The gist: get ready for another race that centers on the generational divide between the mayor's combative vision forged in the furnace of the Civil Rights movement and Mr. [...]")('2006031', "Here's a link to today's article in The Times about yesterday's events, bicycle, petitions and mayor included. Because of space limitations, a quote near the end was cut out of the national edition of the newspaper. It can be found in the later local editions: Rahaman Muhammad, president of the Service Employees International Union in [...]")('2006031', 'Selborne Journal: 17 March 1759: Vast storms still. Cucumbers thrive, but not the Cantaleupes. *** If you want an example of the power of incremental change, you can hardly do better than think about daylight. As I write, the birches and ashes on the hill across the road have come into the full flush of [...]')('2006031', "Gregg M Mashberg letter, prompted by Gershom Gorenberg March 10 Op-Ed, says essence of conflict in Israel is not West Bank settlements but denial by some Palestinians of Israel's existence as Jewish state")('2006031', 'New York Rangers defeat Washington Capitals, 5-4; photo (M)')('2006031', "Anne Braden, prominent civil rights activist who in 1950's was indicted on charges of sedition in famous case after she helped buy house for black family in all-white suburb of Louisville, Ky, dies at age 81; photo (M)c")('2006031', 'Ann Calvello, 76, a Legend In Roll8')('2006031', 'New York Mets player Kazuo Matsui sustains knee injury in spring training game (S)')('2006031', "Photo of Indiana University win over San Diego State University in men's NCAA tournament")('2006031', "Laurel Graeber Family Fare column recommends The Big Stew at Atlantic Theater Company, children's exhibition The Long, Adventurous Life of Edvard Munch at Scandinavia House and Notes in Motion Family Day dance program at Philip Coltoff Center; photo (M)")('2006031', 'World Trade Center site developer Larry A Silverstein implores New York Gov George E Pataki to resume negotiations over rebuilding; Pataki had insisted that Silverstein, leaseholder at site, and property owner Port Authority of New York and New Jersey hold talks to settle differences; Port Authority broke off negotiations, saying Silverstein wants guaranteed profit while asking authority to assume all risk; photo (M)')('2006031', "Spanish government is trying to halt planned auction of five 10th-century carved wooden beams from Great Mosque of Cordoba until it can be determined whether they were removed legally; Christie's of London plans to auction beams on April 4, with bids ranging from $180,000 to $520,000 each; photo (S)")('2006031', 'Two to Share')('2006031', 'Richard Sandomir TV Sports column discusses debut of SportsNet New York (M)')('2006031', 'Microsof')('2006031', 'Verizon Communications files application to provide cable television service in Hempstead, NY; bid places Verizon in competition with Cablevision on its home turf; Cablevision serves about three million homes in New York, New Jersey and Connecticut; Verizon bid is one of many similar challenges by telecommunication companies around country (M)')('2006031', 'Lingering viral infection forces conductor Kurt Masur to cancel his appearances with London Philharmonic Orchestra on its American tour; will be replaced by Robert Minczuk; photo (S)')('2006031', 'Jane Pugh Ferguson letter agrees with March 13 editorial urging Pres Bush to push hard on behalf of Hurricane Katrina victims in New Orleans')('2006031', "Excerpts from recent Frank Bruni reviews of restaurants P J Clarke's in Downtown Manhattan, Blaue Gans in TriBeCa, Del Posto in Chelsea and The Orchard on Lower East Side; photo (M)")('2006031', 'Sale of North Fork to Capital One for $14.6 billion is particularly bittersweet moment for one of advisers, Sandler O0')('2006031', 'Julio Cesar Lopez Pena is extradited from Colombia to United States and arraigned in federal court in Manhattan on charges of sending more than $100 million worth of cocaine and heroin to United States; pleads not guilty (S)')('2006031', 'Stephen Signorelli is sentenced in plea bargain to one to three years in prison in connection with $11.2 million Roslyn school embezzlement case; Signorelli received no-bid contract and gave money from contract to his companion Roslyn schools superintendent Frank A Tassone; Tassone has admitted to stealing more than $2 million during his tenure between 1994 and 2002 (M)')('2006031', "Kelefa Sanneh Critic's Notebook on 20th annual South by Southwest Music and Media Conference in Austin, Texas; about 1,400 bands, both big names and small, are scheduled to play at various venues; event is based on idea that best way to discover new music is face to face (M)")('2006031', "Russell Reynolds Associates survey finds 29 percent of companies in Standard & Poor's index have separate jobs of board chairman and chief executive, up from 21 percent five years ago; many shareholders say such splits are overdue; photo (M)0")('2006031', 'New York State and New York City report 67 percent increase above normal in purchases of antiviral medicines used to treat flu after October 2005 reports about avian influenza and potential for pandemic (S)')('2006031', 'Michiko Kakutani reviews book American Theocracy: The Peril and Politics of Radical Religion, Oil, and Borrowed Money in the 21st Century by Kevin Phillips; photo (M)')('2006031', 'Bode Miller (US) wins World Cup super-G event at Are, Sweden (M)')('2006031', "Texas A&M University defeats Syracuse University, 66-58, in first round of men's NCAA tournament; photos (M)")('2006031', "Burton Kaplan testifies at trial of retired New York City detectives Stephen Caracappa and Louis J Eppolito; describes defendants' lives in Las Vegas; Kaplan has testified he was liaison between Caracappa and Eppolito and Luchese crime family, whom they served as hired killers; links defendants to at least dozen murders, while acknowledging that he was not eyewitness; photos (M)")('2006031', "Detroit Pistons weigh in on former coach Larry Brown's troubles coaching New York Knicks (M)")('2006031', "Michael A Carpenter, longtime Citigroup executive who at one time was thought to be contender for bank's top job, is leaving company by May 1; is expected to start venture like private equity or hedge fund; no successor is named; photo (M)a")('2006031', "General Motors, eager to reverse continuing slide in sales and market share in North America, may be willing to rethink its reliance on long-term relationships with advertising agencies; that is big news for agencies because GM, despite its difficulties, remains nation's largest automaker, far outspending competitors for advertising; GM spent $2.9 billion on ads last year (M)")('2006031', 'Ren')('2006031', "Jennifer Locke letter asks on what grounds is conservative base rallying in response to Sen Russell D Feingold's call to censure Pres Bush (March 16 article)")('2006031', "Students at Weill Medical College in Ithaca, NY, and at hundreds of medical schools around world experience 'match day,' when students about to graduate find out where they will spend their first years practicing medicine; photos (M)")('2006031', 'Anne Peyton Bryant settles suit against New York City over police indifference when she reported sexual assault by mob of men during 2000 Puerto Rican Day Parade; settlement is last of 22 with women who said they were attacked during parade; photo (M)')('2006031', 'France Weighs Forcing iPods to Play Other Tha8')('2006031', 'L')('2006031', "Chinese are paying high price for Kazakhstan oil; increasing dependence means doling out plenty of cash; shortly after sale of Petrokazakhstan to China, Kazakhstan forced China National Petroleum Corp to resell third of acquisition to KazMunaiGaz, state oil company and industry regulator--and be paid in future revenue; Kazakhstan authorities are also believed to be easing way for Lukoil of Russia to acquire other half of Turgai Petroleum, which is now jointly owns with Petrokazakhstan; local court recently awarded Lukoil $200 million judgment against Petrokazakhstan in dispute over how to share oil in common deposit; it remains unclear how much of Petrokazakhstan's oil China will be able to send through its import pipeline; also unknown is profitability of pipeline itself, which requires addition of Russian crude from Siberia that has not yet been committed; pipeline opened last December, near eastern Kazakhstan town of Atasu; photos (L)")('2006031', 'Newark, NJ, Mayor Sharpe James files petitions to qualify for mayoral election in May, but refuses to declare himself candidate; some say he is going through motions, but plans to bow out; photo (M)')('2006031', "Viacom Inc's Paramount Pictures is near deal to sell film library of Dreamworks SKG for about $900 million to investment fund controlled by George Soros; sale of library comes after Paramount agreed to pay $1.8 billion in December to acquire Dreamworks (M)l")('2006031', 'New York City deputy police commissioner Garry McCarthy is found guilty in 2005 traffic altercation with two New Jersey police officers in Alpine, NJ; McCarthy is fined $200 (S)')('2006031', "Wendy Moonan Antiques column on previously unknown 16th century bird illustrations being unveiled at New-York Historical Society exhibition focused on 40 John James Audubon watercolors; illustrations were unearthed by curator Roberta J M Olson, who found them when cataloging 8,000 drawings in society's collection; photo (M)")('2006031', 'Photo of Gonzaga University basketball player Adam Morrison in win against Xavier University in NCAA tournament')('2006031', "Federal Judge Michael B Mukasey sentences Cheng Chui Ping to 35 years in prison for running one of New York City's most lucrative immigrant smuggling rings; Cheng financed 1993 voyage of freighter Golden Venture, which ran aground in Queens with nearly 300 immigrants aboard, 10 of whom died after leaping overboard to make land; photo (M)")('2006031', "Patricia A Weller letter says idea that Republicans see Sen Russell D Feingold's call for censure of Pres Bush as opportunity to energize Republicanbase shows how blase Americans have become about ethics and integrity in politics (March 16 article)")('2006031', 'Burt Kreindel letter says those who support proposals to impeach Pres Bush for violating Constitution should be careful what they wish for because successful impeachment would leave country in hands of Vice Pres Dick Cheney (March 16 article); drawing')('2006031', 'Mexico defeats US, 2-1, in World Baseball Classic; photos (M)')('2006031', "Photo of Newark, NJ, Mayor Sharpe James delivering petitions to city clerk's office; James has not yet declared himself as candidate for re-election")('2006031', 'Goldman Sachs ends joint venture with Indian financial house Kotak; announces it will establish its own investment banking and securities firm in India (S)')('2006031', "Boston College defeats Pacific University, 88-76, in double overtime of men's NCAA tournament first round; photo (M)")('2006031', 'Clyde Haberman NYC column on several New York City occurrences that beg for another chance, chief among them ever-changing plans for World Trade Center site (M)')('2006031', 'Photo of students at Weill Medical College in Ithaca, NY, reacting to notices showing where they will go for their residencies')('2006031', 'Detroit Lions sign quarterback Josh McCown to contract; photo (M)')('2006031', 'Ben Ratliff reviews concert by Irish rock band the Pogues in New York City; photo (M)')('2006031', "New York City paramedic Deborah Reeve, who died of lung cancer after developing disease months after responding to terrorist attack on World Trade Center, may be recognized under new law to increase benefits to site responders; medical board had approved Reeve's benefits under new law with final determination to be made in April; photo (S)")('2006031', "Dustin Ogdin letter says even if Sen Russell D Feingold's proposal to censure Pres Bush does rally Bush's base, March 16 article does not reflect excitement proposal has generated in Democratic base")('2006031', "John Greeley letter cites David Brooks March 16 Op-Ed and Bob Herbert March 16 Op-Ed on Pres Bush's leadership during Iraq war as example of how power corrupts political leaders")('2006031', 'Tim Sarder is pistol-whipped and Shamsudin Haq is shot in leg during robbery at Manhattan clothing shop; suspect is sought (S)')('2006031', 'The Churn column on litigation linked to recent corporate acquisitions and recent corporate appointments (M)/')('2006031', 'Salvation Army accountant Winferd F Keaton is charged with embezzling from Manhattan office of charity (S)')('2006031', "Tennessee University defeats Winthrop University, 63-61, in first round of men's NCAA tournament; photo (M)")('2006031', 'New York State Lobbying Commission bars lobbyist from giving more than $75 worth of gifts to any legislator annually; new rules will not affect campaign contributions (M)')('2006031', 'Boldface column; Vin Diesel comments on his movie Find Me Guilty during party in New York City; scene described at New York City gathering to remember artist Al Hirschfeld (M)')('2006031', 'Public Lives profile of Richard J Condon, New York City special commissioner of investigation for city school system who investigates allegations of misconduct or crime by school employees; business, unfortunately, is brisk; photo (M)')('2006031', 'William W Goetz letter says David Brooks criticism of Defense Sec Donald H Rumsfeld and Gen Tommy R Franks (March 16 Op-Ed) implies profound criticism of entire Bush administration')('2006031', "NEW York City Mayor Michael R Bloomberg breaks ground in Brooklyn for production and distribution center for Brass Masters, which sells brass fixtures; company is first to benefit from city program that grants one-time tax credit of up to $1,000 per employee to companies that establish new jobs in any of city's 16 new industrial business zones (S)")('2006031', 'New Jersey Gov Jon S Corzine appoints Richard L Canas to newly created Office of Homeland Security and Preparedness; photo (M)')('2006031', "Stephen Hall letter, prompted by March 16 article on Sen Russell D Feingold's proposal to censure Pres Bush, says Republicans are using it as opportunity to rally base because they have no accomplishments to use instead")('2006031', 'Steve Lindsay letter, prompted by David Brooks March 16 Op-Ed on mistakes made in Iraq war, says first mistake was when Congress, encouraged by pundits like Brooks, voted for war')('2006031', 'Lineup for 2006 Lollapalooza festival in Chicago, Ill, will include Red Hot Chili Peppers, Kanye West, Wilco, Common, Death Cab for Cutie, Shins, Queens of the Stone Age and Manu Chao; photo (S)')('2006031', "Georgetown University men's basketball coach John Thompson III's wife Monica undergoes treatment for breast cancer; Georgetown will face coach Greg McDermott's Northern Iowa University in NCAA tournament; McDermott's wife Theresa also has breast cancer (M)")('2006031', 'Shirley Marie Dees letter says Sen Russell D Feingold is acting responsibly in calling for censure of Pres Bush (March 16 article)')('2006031', 'Audit by New York State Comptroller Alan G Hevesi finds New York City class sizes for kindergarten through third grade are still larger than they should be under state policy, despite having gotten smaller over last six years; situation exists despite decline in enrollment and influx of state money earmarked for class size reduction; aud says city has been reducing financial effort at early class size reduction and diverting money to other purposes (M)')('2006031', 'Murray Chass On Baseball column discusses South Korea baseball team, which prepares for semifinals of World Baseball Classic (M)')('2006031', 'Major League Baseball commissioner Bud Selig says he has not decided what to do about allegations that San Francisco Giants outfielder Barry Bonds used steroids (S)')('2006031', 'New York Knicks coach Larry Brown and guard Stephon Marbury say they are resolving their feud (M)')('2006031', "Wisconsin University-Milwaukee defeats Oklahoma University, 82-74, in first round of men's NCAA tournament (M)")('2006031', 'New York Metropolitan Transportation Council supports $6 billion rail tunnel under Hudson River; adds tunnel to regional transportation plan of major projects that need to be built in next 25 years, even though tunnel is to start in New Jersey; projects must be on plan to qualify for federal funds (M)')('2006031', 'New York Mets pitcher Victor Zambrano returns to spring training from World Baseball Classic (S)')('2006031', 'Richard A Currieri, chief mediator for New York State Public Employment Relations Board, declares contract talks between Transit Workers Union and Metropolitan Transportation Authority at impasse and recommends binding arbitration; union can still approve contract and put pressure on authority to vote on deal and remove matter from arbitration (M)')('2006031', 'Microsoft announces promotional deal with Epic Records to provide high-definition music videos as free downloads over Xbox Live Internet Service; photo (S)')('2006031', "Analysts say they are skeptical of news from Petroleos Mexicanos, or Pemex, that exploratory drilling in deep waters of Gulf of Mexico shows signs of giant new oil field; Pemex says early indications suggest that field could be as large as 10 billion barrels; analysts suggest that Mexico's Pres Vicente Fox may have rushed announcing find in new attempt to prod Congress into opening up industry (M)")('2006031', "Tom Halsted letter criticizes Democrats' unwillingness to publicly endorse Sen Russell D Feingold's call to censure Pres Bush (March 16 article)")('2006031', "Some of biggest partners of F-35 Joint Strike Fighter--$256 billion fighter jet program led by United States and co-financed by eight allied nations--are threatening to withdraw because of American reluctance to share critical technologies; Britain's top weapons buyer Lord Peter Drayson tells US Senate committee that Britain will withdraw from program unless it gains better access to software technology and stealth technology needed to maintain and upgrade planes it buys; British have invested $2 billion so far and plans to spend another $9 billion to purchase 150 aircraft; Norway, Italy, Turkey, Denmark and Netherlands, other nations in partnership, have met in Netherlands to lay groundwork for united front to deal with US Defense Department; photo (M)")('2006031', "Scott Street letter says he is deeply disappointed by Sen Russell D Feingold's decision to seek Congressional censure of Pres Bush (March 16 article)")('2006031', "Photo of Wichita State University defeat over Seton Hall University in first round of men's NCAA tournament")('2006031', "Alabama University defeats Marquette University, 90-85, in first round of men's NCAA tournament; photo (M)")('2006031', "New York State Insurance Superintendent Howard D Mills continues to accept campaign contributions and spend from his Assembly campaign account though he left elected office in 2004; says he keeps campaign account active because he may some day be candidate again, though not before 2008; state ethics rules allow state employees to raise campaign contributions as long as donors do not have business before employees' department; photo (M)")('2006031', "Wichita State University defeats Seton Hall University, 86-66, in first round of men's NCAA tournament; photo (M)")('2006031', 'No Fun Fest at Hook in Red Hook, Brooklyn,')('2006031', 'Former dermatologist David Wexler is sentenced in federal court in Manhattan to 20 years in prison for illegal narcotics distribution of prescription drugs to patient Barry Abler in Medicare fraud scheme; Abler died of drug overdose in 2001 (s)')('2006031', 'Peter Halasz, 62, Playwright; Sta7')('2006031', 'Roman Catholic officials have recommended that some three dozen parishes and dozen schools be closed as part of reorganization of Archdiocese of New York; recommendations include creation of some new parishes or enlarging existing parishes; most closings will affect New York City; specific parishes and schools affected have not been disclosed (M)')('2006031', "New York City Council speaker Christine C Quinn, who is lesbian, will boycott St Patrick's Day Parade because of parade organizers' refusal to compromise on allowing Irish gay people to march as identifiable group; organizers continue 15-year policy; other city political figures will join boycott; photo (M)")('2006031', "Carol Vogel Inside Art column; sphinx of Hatshepsut is installed at Metropolitan Museum of Art to herald exhibition Hatshepsut: From Queen to Pharaoh; Picasso painting Repose will be offered at Christie's auction, where it is expected to sell for $15 million to $20 million; Italian artist Francesco Vezzoli gives Solomon R Guggenheim Museum his video Trailer for a Remake of Gore Vidal's 'Caligula'; photo (M)")('2006031', "Maha Nassar letter, prompted by Gershom Gorenberg March 10 Op-Ed opposing Israel's West Bank settlements, says if Israel is serious about reversing past mistakes, it must commit to full dismantlement of West Bank settlements")('2006031', 'Houston Astros defeat New York Yankees, 10-5, in spring training exhibition game (S)')('2006031', 'The crowd of 100 let out a collective gasp. "Oh my God," said a woman near the back of the community center\'s garage-sized room. "Is that Cory Booker?" said someone else. "With the mayor?" Indeed it was. Mr. Booker and Mayor Sharpe James had unexpectedly walked in together to an event on Saturday honoring the [...]')('2006031', 'Ralf Schumacher with a blown Toyota engine during qualifying, Saturday. Giancarlo Fisichella on pole in a Renault, Fernando Alonso in eighth position and Michael Schumacher in fourth, but with a penalty for an engine change which will knock him back 10 spots on the grid. And the two Williams cars on the second row of [...]')('2006031', "There've been a couple of developments on the Win-A-Trip contest I'm holding, to choose a university student to travel with me on a reporting trip to Africa. Most important, MTV-U has joined in, so the winner will video blog for MTV-U as well as blog for the NY Times website. Is that cool or what? [...]")('2006031', "Floyd Norris Off the Charts column on global look at balance-of-payments surpluses and deficits; says United States did not have largest deficit at record 7 percent of gross domestic product in fourth quarter, trailing countries like Spain, Greece and New Zealand; holds Australia's deficit was above 7 percent year ago and is still over 6 percent; says China's balance-of-payment surplus is rising and its strong competitive position is beginning to hurt areas that have done well; says deficits in Britain declined early in decade but rose last year to their highest level since 2000; holds euro area ran surplus for 15 consecutive quarters, but has shown small deficit in last two; says surpluses in Germany and Netherlands, which had buoyed area, slipped in late 2005, and deficit grew in France and Italy; holds many Asian countries are seeing their balance-of-payments surpluses decline as China takes markets away from them; adds Thailand is running deficits, as is India, and South Korea's surpluses have shrunk; graphs (M)")('2006031', "Trader Joe's opens its first store in New York City to crowds of shoppers, many who have long awaited its arrival; Union Square store is 253rd for discount food chain; company promises to keep prices at same rate as at its other stores in East; photo (M)")('2006031', 'March 17 article about agreement by Bush administration to supply nuclear energy assistance to India referred imprecisely to legal status of plan')('2006031', "Classified Pentagon study analyzing effectiveness of Special Operations forces finds that military's counterterrorism effort is hampered by bureaucratic duplication; Pentagon and military officials who have read study say that mission of new Center for Special Operations mirrors work of new National Counterterrorism Center; Defense Sec Donald H Rumsfeld ordered study; photos (M)")('2006031', 'Federal jury in San Diego convicts Pakistani arms dealer Arif Ali Durrani of illegally exporting military aircraft parts from US (S)')('2006031', "What's Offline column; Smart Money magazine's cover story by Anne Kadet, with Rob Wherry, suggests ways to obtain million-dollar nestegg; Rolling Stone article by Brian Hiatt and Steve Knopper on top moneymaking music acts focuses on multimillion-dollar advances acts get for merchandise sold primarily at their shows; Bloomberg Markets reports Fine Art Fund is only hedge fund linked to works of art that has raised enough money to start investing; Deepak Gopinath says there are numerous problems in getting hedge funds up and running; Money magazine survey finds 21 percent of workers pity their bosses, and 54 percent say they could never be paid enough to take their boss's jobs; also reports that average chief executive's salary increased 14.5 percent in 2004, compared with 3.7 percent raise for average worker; photo (M)")('2006031', 'Bruce Frommer letter disputes March 16 editorial criticizing Israeli Army officials for ordering inmates at Jericho prison to strip to their underwear; notes that New York Times published picture of those underwear-clad prisoners on front page')('2006031', 'ABC wins ratings for Thursday night with premiere')('2006031', "What's Online column; Web site iTulip.com, which accurately predicted dot-com bubble burst, has restarted after three-year hiatus; site is much as it was when it shut down, though with some added features; looks as if it were designed in 1998, year original site started; one big change is that it not nearly so funny; Slate writer Henry Lanman says open and accepted practice of fashion designers 'paying homage' to designs of others is not seen as unpunished piracy, but rather as part of normal creative flow upon which design itself thrives; holds that idea may end as industry presses Congress to expand law on copyrights to clothing designs; debate on Slashdot sheds light on question of who is worse, smug, control-freak IT managers, or clueless, careless corporate computer users; Web site playingthemarket.com cites new CD, Playing the Market, which features music 'based on patterns found in stock market, economic indicators and related algorithms; Web site strangenewproducts writer wants to know if everyone has run out of ideas of good music; drawing (M)")('2006031', "Prime Min Tony Blair's Labor Party acknowledges that it had received more than three times amount it had previously reported in secret campaign loans; disclosure fed debate swirling around Blair's political future, as did editorial in The Economist reversing its support for him in last year's election; photo (M)")('2006031', "Photo shows Rachel Denise after she dashed into ranks of New York City firefighters during St Patrick's Day parade on Fifth Avenue")('2006031', 'Your Money column on credit-reporting agencies that are pushing Congress to override state laws that set up procedures for residents of identity theft to lock and unlock their credit reports; says overriding laws could make it harder for Americans to keep their credit information under wraps; holds lobbyists for big agencies--Equifax, Experian and TransUnion, owned by Marmon Group--are seeking to add amendment to Financial Data Protection Act; contends that those few people who have been victimized by identity thieves, not credit-card thieves, and continue to be vulnerable should take extra precautions; chart; photo (M)')('2006031', 'Joe Serrano is severely beaten by men he believed had taken ferret from his apartment in Washington Heights section of Manhattan; is hospitalized in critical condition (S)')('2006031', "Editorial contends that Senate Judiciary Committee chmn Arlen Specter has shown admirable resilience in working to get comprehensive immigration bill to Senate floor; maintains that his committee's consensus has finally pointed to way out of what has been bitter struggle between conflicting visions of what America should do about immigration; holds that Specter's compromise has elevated discussion by endorsing balanced approach")('2006031', 'Parents in Tbilisi, Georgia, are afraid to send their children to school after two girls died of complications related to strain of common influenza; Georgian government and World Health Organization say deaths were not caused by avian influenza; photo (M)')('2006031', "Doug Giebel letter disagrees with March 17 editorial condemning Sen Russell Feingold's censure resolution")('2006031', "High Court judge rules that The Mail violated Prince Charles's privacy when newspaper published excerpts from document in which he mused on 1997 transfer of Hong Kong to China (S)")('2006031', 'Defense Dept confirms deaths of four US soldiers in Iraq (S)')('2006031', "Martin Lee Anderson is buried second time, more than two months after he died following confrontation with guards at boot camp for teenage offenders in Panama City, Fla; special prosecutor Mark Ober, after supervising second autopsy, disputes findings of original pathologist: that youth died from complications of sickle cell trait; boot camp will close in April; Gov Jeb Bush is reviewing policies for state's five other boot camps, as Legislature debates whether they should remain open; photos (M)")('2006031', "Parks and Recreation Dept on July 1 plans to set membership fees of $50 to $75 a year at St Mary's Recreation Center in South Bronx and five other centers, all of them in low-income neighborhoods in Bronx, Manhattan or Brooklyn; children 17 and under will still be admitted free, and residents 55 and over will pay only $10 a year; city officials are trying to bring admission policies at six centers in line with those of 22 other recreation centers that began charging membership fees in July 2002; those fees have raised about $2 million a year; graph; map; photo (M)")('2006031', "Burton Kaplan testifies at trial of former police detectives, Louis J Eppolito and Stephen Caracappa at Federal District Court in Brooklyn; unassuming small businessman was involved in many crimes and played large role in Luchese crime family's alleged hiring of detectives to kill enemies of family underboss Anthony Casso; photo (M)")('2006031', 'Waddell Robey letter holds that like so many TV-hyped prescription medications, sleeping pill Ambien is presented as tantalizingly safe remedy; says although caveats are there, they take back seat with respect to appealing TV advertisements (March 11 editorial)')('2006031', 'Port Authority of New York and New Jersey rejects latest offer for World Trade Center site by developer Larry Silverstein; says it will unveil its own proposal shortly; talks abrubtly broke off after New York State and Port Authority officials say that Silverstein submitted one-sided counterproposal that shifted all development risks onto Port Authority while guaranteeing him profit; Silverstein then revised that proposal, but Port Authority says it does not amount to starting point (M)')('2006031', 'SportsNet New York endures technical difficulties during broadcast (S)n')('2006031', "Clock is running out on Johnson & Johnson's efforts to stop federal government from barring Medicare coverage of its implantable spinal disk Charite; March 17 was end of 30-day comment period on proposal to designate device as not 'reasonable and necessary' therapy for Medicare patients; stage is set for final ruling in mid-May (M)")('2006031', "Interpublic Group of Companies' co-chairman David A Bell is retiring and will take post of chairman emeritus, serving as consultant; other co-chairman Michael I Roth will become sole chairman while continuing as chief executive; photo (M)")('2006031', 'Fiercely fought Democratic primary for president of Cook County Board of Commissioners between incumbent John H Stroger Jr and Forrest Claypool takes dramatic turn when Stroger suffers stroke that will keep him hospitalized until after election; photo (M)')('2006031', "Federal Judge James Ware rules that Google must turn over some search data including 50,000 Web addresses to government for study of child pornography online; denies government request that Google be ordered to hand over keywords that customers use to search its database; Ware says privacy considerations led him to deny part of Justice Department's request (M)")('2006031', 'Kenneth Acuna letter holds that people need to take responsibility for their actions; says blaming Ambien for drunk driving does not work')('2006031', 'Planned Parenthood, after receiving reports that two more women died after taking abortion pills, will change way it gives medicines; change partly resolves long-running dispute between Planned Parenthood and Food and Drug Administration over safest way to provide pill-based abortions; FDA has received reports that six women in US died after taking RU-486, or Mifeprex; federal officials do not know cause of latest two deaths; previous four resulted from systemic infections with virulent bacteria, Clostridium sordellii (M)')('2006031', "Northwestern State University defeats Iowa University, 64-63, in first round of men's NCAA tournament; photo (M)6")('2006031', 'New York Yankees manager Joe Torre skips World Baseball Classic game to have dinner with Stan Musial (S)p')('2006031', 'Hamas says that it will propose new Palestinian cabinet consisting of Hamas members and independent figures, but without officials from other parties (M)')('2006031', "March 16 article about dispute between Wegmans and group of animal rights activists misidentified magazine that named supermarket chain one of nation's best workplaces; it was Fortune")('2006031', 'London court sentences Mohammed Ajmal Khan to nine years in prison on charges of acting as quartermaster for Pakistani-based terrorist group Lashkar-e-Taiba, which is said to have links to Al Qaeda (S)')('2006031', "Minoriteam, television program created by Adam de la Pena, Todd James and Peter Girardi features band of minority superheroes that uses stereotypes to fight racism; show will make its debut on Cartoon Network's late-night block of animated shows for adults; photos (M)")('2006031', 'Author Irshad Manji Op-Ed article contends that Israeli barrier on West Bank, although built by Ariel Sharon, was birthed by suicide bombers whom Palestinian leaders have glorified as martyrs; notes that since barrier went up, suicide attacks have plunged and innocent Arab lives have been spared along with Jewish ones (M)')('2006031', "US appeals court overturns clean-air regulation issued by Bush administration that would have let many power plants, refineries and factories avoid installing costly new pollution controls to help offset increased emissions caused by repairs and replacements of equipment; ruling is court's second decision in less than year in pair of closely related cases involving administration's interpretations of complex section of Clean Air Act; it is defeat for Environmental Protection Agency and industry, and victory for states and their environmental allies (M)")('2006031', 'Federal Judge Leonie M Brinkema rules that prosecutors in sentencing trial of Zacarias Moussaoui can try to find new, untainted aviation-security witnesses to replace those who were barred from testifying because they were improperly coached by government lawyer; ruling allows government to try to salvage its effort to execute Moussaoui, only person charged in US courtroom with responsibility for deaths in terrorist attacks of Sept 11, 2001 (M)')('2006031', "Bucknell University defeats Arkansas University, 59-55, in first round of men's NCAA tournament; photo (M)1")('2006031', 'Rep Sherwood L Boehlert announces that he will not run for 13th term in House of Representatives representing 24th District in Oneida and Cayuga Counties; is Republican who served 24 years and is chairman of Science Committee; photo (M)')('2006031', "Conrad de Aenlle Values column on why chip maker Intel's stock is down 20 percent so far this year while stock of its rival Advanced Micro Devices is up 20 percent (M)/")('2006031', "John Baldwin, lawyer for Random House UK, declares in London court that Dan Brown did not steal ideas for his best-selling novel The Da Vinci Code from Michael Baigent and Richard Leigh book The Holy Blood and the Holy Grail and that ideas are 'too general in nature to be capable of copyright protection'; photo (M)")('2006031', "Photo of shoppers at opening of first Trader Joe's store in New York City being applauded by workers")('2006031', 'Federal prosecutors have begun bringing witnesses before grand jury looking into possible fraud in municipal contracts that were awarded in Kenner, La, immediately before and after Hurricane Katrina; Mayor Philip L Capitano and City Council have been subpoenaed to testify, although government has not made clear its target; growing numbers of subpoenas may be issued across Louisiana, with addition of millions of dollars in aid beginning to flow from Washington and army of auditors, investigators and prosecutors determined to make sure money is properly spent; scrutiny has resulted in several major fraud prosecutions around state; photos (M)')('2006031', 'Former Trans World Airlines pilot Bob Buck Op-Ed article holds that Air Line Pilots Association should remain strong as it works with Delta and Northwest Airlines on problems of pay, retirement and safety; drawing (M)')('2006031', 'A CHUTE, SOME')('2006031', "Luxury sports utilities are becoming decidedly less desirable than just three years ago, when they were hottest things on wheels and dealers had long waiting lists for most popular models; fewer than half people who bought luxury SUV's are going back for another one; incentives for vehicles are at record levels and for first time, luxury automakers are paying out more for rebates and lease deals to entice consumers to buy luxury SUV's than to buy cars; higher cost of gasoline plays big role; wealthy buyers, who used to shrug off expense, are shifting gears, as excessive energy consumption is becoming socially embarrassing; average incentives on luxury sport utilities hit $4,046 in February, or nearly $1,500 per vehicle more than what automakers doled out on luxury cars; luxury sport utilities are not going away; Cadillac, Lincoln and Mercedes-Benz all have new high-ticket models coming out in next few months; graphs; photos (L)")('2006031', "Japanese Internet company Softbank will buy Vodafone's Japanese cellphone unit in deal worth $15.4 billion; deal will probably relieve some of pressure on Vodafone's chief executive Arun Sarin, who has faced boardroom turmoil and intense criticism from shareholders for company's lackluster performance; Softbank beats out competing bid by group of private equity firms led by Cerberus Capital Management; sale will create communications giant in Japan by giving Softbank and its billionaire chief executive Masayoshi Son control of country's third-largest mobile carrier, with 15 million subscribers; Vodafone says that after ssale, it will return $10.5 billoin to shareholders; photo (M)")('2006031', 'New Jersey Nets defeat Los Angeles Lakers, 92-89; photo (M)0')('2006031', "Arizona University defeats Wisconsin University, 94-75, in first round of men's NCAA tournament (M)")('2006031', "March 14 article about Justine Henin-Hardenne's third-round victory in tennis tournament in Indian Wells, Calif, referred incorrectly to her schedule since she quit Australian Open final because of stomach problem")('2006031', 'Carl Hulse analysis holds that largess demonstrated by Senate in padding its budget with billions of dollars in additional spending showed that lawmakers are no different from many of their constituents: they do not mind pulling out charge card when money is tight; contends that administration and Congress act as if surplus that greeted Pres Bush when he checked into White House is still in bank, rather than recognizing that whatever windfall was available then was eaten up and more by tax cuts (M)')('2006031', 'Ronald Martin is convicted of stalking and harassing commentator Monica Crowley in New York City; is self-described artist who prosecutors say is homeless (S)')('2006031', "Edward Furey letter supports Sen Russell Feingold's resolution that would censure Pres Bush for authorizing National Security Agency's illegal spying program")('2006031', "Evaluation of television advertisement for New York Atty Gen Eliot Spitzer's gubernatorial campaign (S)")('2006031', 'LESTER IS FIRST BLACK IN CUP FIELD I')('2006031', 'Geoffrey Zoref letter holds that after taking Ambien, he had sleepwalking experience that scared him away from drug')('2006031', 'Gotthard Lerch goes on trial in Mannheim court on charges of helping Libya acquire nuclear weapons technology in violation of German export laws; investigators say Lerch is part of nuclear black market Abdul Qadeer Khan, Pakistani nuclear engineer, operated for two decades (S)')('2006031', 'Maya Widmaier-Picasso, daughter of Picasso who authenticates works attributed to him, says that $40,000 drawing purchased by Louis Knickerbocker through Costco last year iss fake; recently pronounced two other Picasso drawings sold by Costco inauthentic; Costco says it is still investigating situation; photos (M)')('2006031', 'Arts, Briefly; Radio Employees C')('2006031', 'William Grimes reviews')('2006031', 'Correction on March 3 review about photographs by Anthony Lepore at Marvelli Gallery')('2006031', "Four people from Flushing, Queens, heading to upstate New York for swim meet are killed when truck strikes their van after they stop in middle of traffic on New York State Thruway in Tuxedo, NY; truck driver survives, but van's driver Shuk H Tse and her sons Kevin Kwan and Douglas Jaing die; April Lao, also dies; her mother and brother are hospitalized; photos (M)")('2006031', 'New York Jets sign quarterback Patrick Ramsey and look to trade defensive end John Abraham (M)m')('2006031', "Sunni Arab political leaders denounce agreement between US and Iran to hold talks about solutions to unrest in Iraq; say conversations would amount to meddling by foreign nations in Iraq's domestic affairs (M)")('2006031', "Russia has been holding up entry visa to Hermitage Capital Management chief executive William F Browder, who controls $4 billion hedge fund in Moscow and is largest foreign investor in country's stock market; Browder has been living in London for last four months waiting for visa; photo (M)")('2006031', 'Dr Sheldon B Cohen letter discusses behavioral aberrations that occurred after patients took sleeping pill Ambien')('2006031', 'Photo shows students at cafe near Sorbonne whose window was damaged during street protests in Paris against first job contract law')('2006031', 'College Board is racing to score final 1,600 exams from its problem-ridden Oct SAT test; college and high school officials, testing experts and parents and students have expressed concern about string of recent testing errors around country; states, spurred by No Child Left Behind law, are administering about 45 million tests this school year; educators say volume is stretching $2 billion-a-year education testing industry, taxing its ability to draw up enough tests and score them quickly and reliably; resulting errors have educators and lawmakers calling for better disclosure and oversight; some are proposing national agency like Food and Drug Administration to regulate testing (M)')('2006031', "Bradley University defeats Kansas University, 77-73, in first round of men's NCAA tournament; photo (M)")('2006031', 'Alessandra Stanley TV Watch column on $3.6 million fine levied by Federal Communications Commission on episode of CBS drama Without a Trace that featured graphic teenage promiscuity; CBS defends episode saying it is cautionary tale about parents who fail to adequately supervise their children; photo (M)')('2006031', "Charles Isherwood Critic's Notebook reviÿ")('2006031', 'Photo of new New York Jets quarterback Patrick Ramsey')('2006031', 'David Berman letter urges Americans to awaken from their post-9/11 daze and realize that real threat to their democracy is in White House (March 17 editorial)')('2006031', 'Malcolm Rogers, director of Museum of Fine Arts in Boston, will meet withItalian culture officials in Rome to discuss possibility of returning several antiquities that might have been looted; decision comes after Robert Hecht, dealer who has sold many ancient objects to museum, was put on trial in Italy on charges of trafficking in looted antiquities; photo (S)')('2006031', "Alina Tugend Shortcuts column on whether child's allowance should be tied to chores; drawing (M)")('2006031', 'New York City Police Capt Eric Adams is found not guilty on two internal charges, including misleading public about transit system terror alert in October and divulging department business without authority; is found guilty of presenting himself as representative of department without permission; statements Adams made were fraught with political overtones during fall mayoral election; he will forfeit 15 days vacation (M)')('2006031', "Federal Appeals Court upholds legality of Tennessee's anti-abortion 'Choose Life' license plates, three years after they were approved by state lawmakers (S)")('2006031', "Federal Nuclear Reuglatory Commission says that risk from tritium-contaminated water leak at Indian Point 2 nuclear reactor in Buchanan, NY, is small and unlikely to affect health of plant workers or public; finds that leak has come closer to Hudson River than originally thought; New York State reports finding strontium-90 in water, but NRC's own test had not; plant is owned by Entergy Corp (S)")('2006031', 'Playwright Beau Willimon saw elegant dining table on Craiglist Web site and bought it for $65 from Frederick Klein, slightly eccentric man from Crown Heights; Klein was shot and killed about two months later; shooting remains unsolved; Willimon says he thinks about him often; photo (M)')('2006031', "Judge Paul A Armstrong of Somerset County, NJ, Superior Court allows serial killer Charles Cullen to donate kidney to relative in New York, provided certain criteria are met, including guarantee that recipient's insurance will pay all costs; former nurse admits to killing 29 patients in New Jersey and Pennsylvania (M)")('2006031', "Chart based on census data showing declining number of people in New York City who claim Irish ancestry; 5 percent, or 420,810 residents, reported Irish roots in 2000, down from 647,733, or 9 percent, in 1980; photos of St Patrick's Day parade")('2006031', "George Mason University defeats Michigan State University, 76-65, in first round of men's NCAA tournament (M)3")('2006031', 'Mark A Stein Five Days column; Nasdaq Stock Market offered to buy London Stock Exchange; Euronext said it was interested in buying Deutsche Borse, German exchange; General Motors said it loss last year was $10.6 billion, not $8.6 billion; Capital One Financial agreed to buy North Fork Bancorporation for about $14.6 billion in cash and stock; McClatchy Co won one-bid auction for Knight Ridder, offering $4.5 billion in cash and stock for its 32 newspapers; McClatchy immediately put 12 papers back up for sale to head off some antitrust concerns; Merck of Germany made hostile $17.7 billion bid for Schering of Germany; New York State Atty Gen Eliot Spitzer sued H&R Block, accusing it of selling retirement-savings plans without disclosing that investors would probably earn less from plans than they would in fees; Sony Corp pushed back introduction of its PlayStation 3 video game console to November--months after it originally planned to start selling consoles and almost full year after its chief rival Microsoft was able to put its latest hardware into stores; photo (L)')('2006031', 'Elizabeth Rose letter holds that only way to deal with corporate lobbying is to outlaw it, and only way to do that is if citizens of each state engage in anti-lobbyist referendums, preventing their local corporations from setting up shop in Washington')('2006031', 'Phillip Alder bridge column on deal at Samuel Stayman Memorial Pro Am in West Palm Beach, Fla; diagram (M)k')('2006031', 'New York Knicks defeat Detroit Pistons, 105-103; photos (M)6')('2006031', 'Chinese authorities withdraw part of case against Zhao Yan, Chinese researcher for New York Times, in surprise legal maneuver that leaves unclear whether he will be released as Pres Hu Jintao prepares to visit US (M)')('2006031', 'Federal Emergency Management Agency, acknowledging that it wrongly distributed tens of millions of dollars in hurricane relief last year, will try to recoup aid from thousands of individuals or families who fraudulently or otherwise wrongly collected money (M)')('2006031', "One man is shot dead and another is wounded after fight broke out at Denny's restaurant in Anaheim, third fatal shooting episode at California Denny's in three days; four people have died and three have been injured in shootings; photo (M)")('2006031', "Sen Russell Feingold letter agrees with March 17 editorial contending that nation deserves to know more about National Security Agency's spying program, but holds that there is nothing we could learn that would change fact that by authorizing program, Pres Bush broke law")('2006031', 'March 11 article identified Ali Shalal Qaissi as hooded man forced to stand on box, attached to wires, in photograph from Abu Ghraib prison abuse scandal; he was shown holding such photograph; Qaissi was not that man')('2006031', 'NCAA tournament results discussed; photos (M)')('2006031', "John Githongo, Kenya's exiled anticorruption czar, took refuge in Oxford, England, after fleeing Kenya in 2005 because of concerns about his personal safety; he says he will continue to fight corruption in his homeland until situation changes; photo (M)")('2006031', 'Japan, South Korea, Cuba and Dominican Republic make up semifinals of World Baseball Classic; photo (M)')('2006031', 'Photo shows supporters of Zimbabwean opposition Movement for Democratic Change in Harare for accreditation to their congress')('2006031', "Georgetown University defeats Northern Iowa University, 54-49, in first round of men's NCAA tournament (M)")('2006031', 'Murray Chass On Baseball column contends that Major League Baseball players, who mostly played for under-performing Team USA, are not ready for international competition in March, when world Baseball Classic is occurring (M)')('2006031', 'New York Mets infielder Kazuo Matsui has sprained knee (S)')('2006031', "Editorial notes that New York Atty Gen Eliot Spitzer has filed suit against H&R Block, contending that its Express IRA's are 'virtually guaranteed to lose money' because of low returns and high fees; holds that regardless of outcome, controversy should be reminder that low- and moderate-income earners need straightforward, low-cost ways to save; contends that researchers from Heritage Foundation and Brookings Institution have developed best idea for making savings universal: IRA that is funded with automatic direct deposits from paycheck")('2006031', 'March 17 article about agreement between Iran and US to hold talks about violence in Iraq referred incorrectly to country whose nuclear program has been referred to UN Security Council for possible punitive action; it is Iran')('2006031', 'March 17 article about New York City Transit labor dispute misspelled surname of state mediator who recommended that it be resolved by binding arbitration; he is Richard A Curreri')('2006031', 'Liberian Pres Ellen Johnson Sirleaf tells Security Council that she has asked Nigeria to extradite Charles Taylor, former Liberian president and guerrilla leader, to face war crimes charges in Sierra Leone; photo (M)')('2006031', "Photos show Iraqi Shiites honoring Prophet Muhammad's grandson, Imam Hussein, who was killed in 680")('2006031', "Editorial notes that Rep Katherine Harris, Florida Republican, has announced on national television that she will spend $10 million from personal inheritance to try to save her floundering Senate campaign; holds that not since Scarlett O'Hara vowed to save Tara has embattled Southern belle portrayed herself with such pathos")('2006031', 'Connect')('2006031', 'Bank accounts of Open Russian Foundation are frozen by court order, move that suggests it is about to be shut down; imprisoned businessman Mikhail B Khodorkovsky established foundation in 2001; his photo (M)')('2006031', 'Petra Gelbart letter opposes European Court of Human Rights decision upholding discrimination against gypsy children in Czech Republic school system')('2006031', 'Michael Jackson closes house on his Neverland Ranch and lays off some employees; action comes day after California labor officials said Jackson had avoided lawsuit by agreeing to pay employees hundreds of thousands of dollars in back wages; photo (S)')('2006031', 'Dr Paul Browde letter holds that problem with Ambien is that if person does not actually lie in bed and go to sleep, he can resist medication and strange events can occur; drawing')('2006031', "Nicholas Wood analysis contends that as Belgrade girds for funeral of Slobodan Milosevic, vision that he used to propel himself to power also appears to be dead; holds that he waved banner of Greater Serbia, which would unite Serbs across crumbling Yugoslavia, but Serbian-inhabited areas in Bosnia and Croatia are long separated from government in Belgrade, after deaths of close to 250,000 people in Balkan wars of 1990's; photo (M)")('2006031', "Editorial supports Mayor Michael Bloomberg's decision to suspend, but not fire, Imam Umar Abdul-Jalil, chief chaplain for New York City Corrections Dept, for telling group of Muslim students that greatest terrorists in world occupy White House; holds that in unexpectedly stirring defense of First Amendment rights, Bloomberg took swipes at right and left for stifling airing of unpopular opinions; notes that speech was only one event in career that Jewish chaplains and other clerics at Corrections Dept have described as exemplary")('2006031', "Lawmakers in Michigan and Maryland introduce bills to restrict Wal-Mart Stores' ability to operate banks in their states; Rep John Gleason in Michigan proposes bill that would bar industrial banks like one Wal-Mart is seeking to start; Brian Moe of lower house in Maryland, introduces legislation that would ban Wal-Mart bank branches from its stores (S)")('2006031', 'Letter from Kenneth Jacobson, associate national director of Anti-Defamation League, holds that blame-everyone approach to events at Jericho prison confuses tactical with strategic judgments (March 16 editorial)')('2006031', "Procter & Gamble executive Doug McGraw, in Saturday Interview column, on Hurricane Katrina's impact on company's Folgers and Millstone coffee production in New Orleans and how business is doing now; Hurricane Katrina made mess of company's coffee business, which got 50 percent of its supply from four sites in New Orleans; photo (M)")('2006031', 'UN war crimes tribunal says Dutch autopsy on Slobodan Milosevic, former Yugoslav president who was found dead in his cell, detected no evidence of any toxin, nonprescribed medication or abnormal levels of his prescribed medicines (M)')('2006031', "Suffolk County, NY, Judge Stephen L Braslow upholds conviction of Martin H Tankleff for murder of his parents in Belle Terre in 1988; relatives and friends of Tankleff are shocked and angered; defense has sought new trial since 2004 based on testimony of 21 witnesses who say others committed murders; Braslow calls new witnesses not worthy of belief; many legal experts call case 'classic miscarriage of justice'; defendant now hopes to win new trial on appeal (M)")('2006031', "Indonesia's top military and police officials take control of Jayapura in Papua, ordering arrest of university students and directing police to fire into air as they patrol streets; nearly 60 people have been arrested after violent demonstration on March 16; protest was directed at American mining company Freeport-McMoRan, which operates gold and copper mine in province; company pays individual police and military officers to protect its mining operations (M)")('2006031', 'Police Officer Giancarlo Raspanti is slightly wounded by fellow police officer during chase of teenager with gun in Fort Greene section of Brooklyn; residents of Ingersoll housing complex reported man firing gun around neighborhood; Clayton Givens is arrested; photo (M)')('2006031', "Market Place column; General Motors Corp's announcement that it will revise profit figures for every year of decade, and will have to restate 2005 earnings it already reported, shows how far icon has fallen; less than year after it lost its investment-grade bond rating, its bonds are viewed as middling even among junk bonds; restatements indicate GM used some highly questionable accounting techniques in 2000, when it seemed to be flying high, and later when profits fell sharply; GM's stock and bonds fall sharply, but end above recent lows; Moody's Investors Service also warns that it might again cut GM's bond rating; negotiators for GM, United Automobile Workers union and Delphi plan to work into weekend in talks on buyout packages for thousands of union members at Delphi; graph (M)")('2006031', 'Ali Shalal Qaissi, former prisoner at Abu Ghraib, has appeared in publications and on television in several countries claiming to be man in photograph that has become international icon of abuse scandal at prison; military investigators say he is not man in photograph; say man standing on box, hooded, with wires attached to his outstretched arms is Abdou Hussain Saad Faleh, who described episode in sworn statement after photographs were discovered in Jan 2004; New York Times quoted testimony of Faleh in article on May 22, 2004; Times profiled Qaissi in article on March 11, 2006; he now acknowledges that he is not man in specific photograph he printed and held up in portrait that accompanied article; photo (M)')('2006031', 'Wayne S Smith letter holds that it is difficult to see how US could be elected to membership on proposed UN human rights council, given its record of many abuses over past three years')('2006031', 'New York City transit workers will re-vote on contract they rejected in January, even though Metropolitan Transportation Authority still insists deal is no longer on table (S)')('2006031', "Sometimes I wake up here and for just a fleeting moment I am simply a human being shaking off the vestiges of sleep, and I forget I'm in Iraq. Not today. This morning I was awakened by three big explosions that sounded way too close for comfort. I reached over and pressed the Indiglo light [...]")('2006031', "One of the most amusing aspects of watching the cars at the Malaysian Grand Prix this weekend was the frontal onboard camera shots from Michael Schumacher's Ferrari. The camera was placed at the level of the front wing, and over it. So whenever spectators - and the other teams - watched from the nose of [...]")('2006031', "Here's our latest article exploring why Mayor Sharpe James still refuses to dive into the race, compete directly with Cory Booker and address the issues. The Star-Ledger started a campaign blog of its own today. Welcome. Wally Edge has an interesting post from last week, suggesting that the Booker campaign is borrowing a page from [...]")('2006031', "State Senator Ronald L. Rice has always said that he will stay in the mayor's race only if Mayor Sharpe James drops out, but now he seems to be sending out mixed signals. He seems to have told the Star-Ledger he is running, no matter what. Then, in an interview today with The New York [...]")('2006031', 'Selborne Journal: 19 March 1759: Received from Brother Tho: three sorts of the double-flowering Sweet Briar; & two roots of the large tap-rooted Lathyrus; & three roots of the Lathyrus-Earth-nut with a tuberose root. Vast rain most part of the day. Wind abated. The late storms have done considerable damage among our ships. VK: According [...]')('2006031', "Residents of South Slope neighborhood in Brooklyn have signed petition seeking meeting with New York City Transportation Department to discuss rerouting of trucks from 20th Street, one of city's designated truck routes; photo (M)")('2006031', 'Alan Schwarz Keeping Score column discusses effectiveness of altering batting lineup orders (M)')('2006031', "More than 500,000 Serbs mass in central square in Belgrade in public wake for former president Slobodan Milosevic, representing either his final victory or one last embarrassment for Serbia at his hands; many hope tribute will not mean return to nationalist policies that isolated and impoverished Serbia in 1990's; small counterrally tries to remind Serbs of miseries Milosevic inflicted on them and their neighbors; photo (M)")('2006031', "Article discusses newly released DVD of The Original Amateur Hour which was shown on various television stations between 1948 and 1970; show's bread and butter were novelty acts which often involved performers doing two or three things at once; ties show's popularity into American culture of time; photos (M)")('2006031', "Interview with Hartford University women's basketball coach Jennifer Rizzotti and Temple University coach Dawn Staley, whose teams will face each other in first round of NCAA tournament; photos (M)")('2006031', 'Hamas has completed lineup for new Palestinian cabinet and Prime Min-designate Ismail Haniya will submit it to Palestinian Authority Pres Mahmoud Abbas for approval; Haniya says Hamas members, independents and technocrats are included, though no other Palestinian parties have announced their intention to participate; rejection of list by Abbas could bring on political crisis (M)')('2006031', 'Some New Jersey politicians object to name-change of Major League Soccer franchise that plays in New Jersey from MetroStars to New York Red Bulls (S)')('2006031', "Editorial calls on New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg to use his considerable popularity and clout as leverage to persuade state legislators--particulary Republican senators from city--to come up with more money for city's hard-pressed schools or face possibility that he will support their opponents")('2006031', 'Article on Paul Lukas, Park Slope resident whose obsession with sports uniforms turned into Village Voice column called Uni Watch and now has cult following on ESPN.com; about 40 sport-attire buffs convened recently at Southpaw, Park Slope nightspot, to chat about uniform arcana; photos (M)')('2006031', "Spyridon Condos letter holds that Slavoj Zizek's March 12 Op-Ed article is coherent defense of atheism in role of current affairs")('2006031', 'New York Taxation and Finance Comr Andrew Aristoff says it is premature to enforce new rules against tribal smoke shops on Long Island Indian reservations from selling cigarettes and other products on which no state taxes have been paid; says state needs another year to phase in rules, which took effect on March 1, perhaps with amendments (S)')('2006031', 'US snowboarder Shaun White has helped make wearing helmets fashionable; photo (M)1')('2006031', "Budd Schulberg reviews book Sound and Fury: Two Powerful Lives, One Fateful Friendship, 'dual biography' of Muhammad Ali and Howard Cosell, by Dave Kindred; photo (M)")('2006031', "Editorial calls on New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg to use his considerable popularity and clout as leverage to persuade state legislators--particulary Republican senators from city--to come up with more money for city's hard-pressed schools or face possibility that he will support their opponents")('2006031', 'Article on Zillow.com, new real estate Web site opened by Expedia.com chief executive Rich Barton that allows users to type in address anywhere in country and get aerial or satellite picture of house along with statistics like square footage, property tax, sales history and current estimated value; site coverage in New York suburbs, however, is spotty; photo (Special Issue: Where We Live) (M)')('2006031', 'Correction of sports March 12 article about Hockey Hall of Fame right wing Bernie Geoffrion')('2006031', 'Neal R Ostman letter conten')('2006031', 'Andrey Slivka reviews book The Woman Who Waited by Andrei Makine; photo (M)')('2006031', 'Dallas Cowboys announce signing of Terrell Owens to three-year contract (M)')('2006031', "Marie Gilot letter on March 5 article on Robert F X Sillerman's plan to build destination resort around Graceland")('2006031', 'Real estate agents, predicting banner year, say vacationers are staking claims on summer rentals in Hamptons early; homes already accounted for are on higher end of spectrum, standard pattern in vacation markets because of competition to lock in best houses first; photo (M)')('2006031', "Families are experimenting with computer-assisted custody sharing, or virtual visits, as legal system begins to acknowledge potential benefits of technology in bridging physical and emotional distance caused by divorce and separation; parent and child, who often live in separate states, can spend time together via Web cams, instant messaging and Internet; many fathers say they feel closer to their children, but acknowledge that virtual visits are no substitute for real time; some lawyers and noncustodial parents worry that virtual visits may be used to limit in-person visits and to bolster case for custodial parent's contested relocation; drawing; photos (M)")('2006031', 'Robert Byrne chess column on victory of Levon Aronian of Armenia at Linares tournament; diagram (M)')('2006031', "Protests against French government's new First Employment Contract youth labor law have spread to 150 cities and towns and confront Prime Min Dominique de Villepin with one of most serious crises of his 10 months in office; law is set to take effect in April and will allow employers to fire new workers under age of 26 without cause for two years; goal is to ease chronic high unemployment, particularly among poor youth who rioted last fall; photo (M)")('2006031', 'Pinnacle Entertainment acquires Atzar Corp, owners of Tropicana Resort and Casino in Atlantic City, in deal valued at $2.1 billion (S)')('2006031', 'Heavyweight bout between Hasim Rahman and James Toney ends in majority draw decision in favor of Rahman, allowing him to keep World Boxing Council title; photo (M)3')('2006031', "Article discusses fate of dilapidated Hebrew Actors Union building on 7th Street and its vast store of manuscripts, photos and props, after death of Union's president Seymour Rexite; discusses battle between Yiddish actor Mike Burstyn and YIVO Institute for Jewish Research and Yiddish Theatrical Alliance and Gene Secunda, son of Yiddish composer Sholom Secunda over who has rights to building and material; photos (M)")('2006031', 'Chairman of Senate Finance Committee Charles E Grassley is broadening his examination of nonprofit groups to include hospitals, with eye to legislation that would clarify standards for their tax exemptions; concern is that non-profit hospitals do not provide enough charity care to justify exemptions and that they are aggressive in their billing and debt collection practices; photo (M)')('2006031', 'Walter Kirn reviews book Manliness by Harvey C Mansfield; photo (M)ÿ')('2006031', 'Kristen Schaal, award-winning comic, and friend Kurt Braunohler visit Russian & Turkish Baths in New York City; photo (M)')('2006031', 'Patricia Fabricant letter on March 12 article about shocking murders in New York City recalls 1964 murder of Kitty Genovese')('2006031', "Recent speeches by former Supreme Court Justice Sandra Day O'Connor and current Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg have become sharper and more topical, possibly in reaction to attacks on judicial independence in Congress; O'Connor notes that interference with independent judiciary allows dictatorship; Ginsburg's speech focuses on citations of foreign law and dynamic constitutional interpretation, which puts her at odds with Justice Antonin Scalia; photo (M)")('2006031', 'Richard H Escobales Jr letter supports South Dakota law restricting legal abortion')('2006031', 'Ginger Clark')('2006031', 'Haunted Landsc')('2006031', "Article consists of playful musings on Norwegian artist Edvard Munch's temperament and style and why his work still resonate today by six young New York artists; one compares red vine on cottage in painting to wave of blood in Kubrick's film The Shining; photos (L)")('2006031', "Article on controversies surrounding Assemblyman Joseph Cryan, new chairman of New Jersey Democratic Party; one is accusation by developer that he accepted unreported cash contribution of $2,000, which probe by state attorney general's office deemed not credible; other involved Karen Golding, lobbyist and former campaign worker for Gov Jon Corzine, who was arrested for trying to break into Cryan's car and whose bail money was posted by Corzine himself; photos (M)")('2006031', "Mellon Financial reportedly paid $13 million in shares and options to Robert Kelly to replace chief executive Martin McGuinn; cost of settling what is left of McGuinn's contract is expected to be $19.3 million (S)")('2006031', 'Political Memo column on change in taciturn nature of Mayor Michael R Bloomberg, who seems suddenly to have many opinions with barely any prompting; attributes looser speaking style and increasingly pointed comments to fact that Bloomberg won re-election and is now in second and final term; photo (M)')('2006031', 'Article on challenges facing churches across Connecticut this winter as prices to heat structures, including old buildings with high gothic ceilings, rise; some have replaced outdated heating systems, some have moved weekday services to smaller chapels and others have turned down heat and asked parishioners for additional donations; photos (M)')('2006031', 'Republican Party plans to hold New York State convention in Nassau County, at Garden City Hotel and Hofstra University, on May 31 and June 1 (S)')('2006031', "New York City releases first new edition of Zoning Handbook in 16 years, document used to decipher city's complicated and symbol-lading Zoning Resolution; handbook helps community groups meaningfully assess development projects and rezoning proposals, which have proliferated under Mayor Michael R Bloomberg; photos; illustrations from handbook (M)")('2006031', "Dawn Drzal reviews book The Doctor's Daughter by Hilma Wolitzer; drawing (M)8")('2006031', 'Profile of Blatt Billiards on Broadway near East 11th Street in Manhattan, whose craftsmen have been making high-end billiards tables for 130 years; photos (M)')('2006031', "Lawmakers have modified many rules designed to protect America's private pension system, giving companies more time to cover pension shortfalls, allowing them to make forgiving estimates of future obligations, and even sometimes letting them assume their workers will die younger than rest of population; bill now being completed in House-Senate conference committee would actually weaken system; shortfall raises specter of more plans failing and forcing their liabilities on government; photo (L)")('2006031', 'Article on Brooklyn Industries, eclectic hipster clothing boutique which found itself target of coordinated graffiti attack apparently in response to store window displays featuring gargantuan custom bicycles known as tall bikes; company intended that display highlight plan to donate money from sales of messenger bags to Recycle-a-Bicycle, Brooklyn charity that runs bike workshops for children; store windows, etched with acid, have been replaced at estimated cost of $14,000; photo (M)')('2006031', 'Bill Cunningham Evening Hours photos of balls, galas and dinners around New York City')('2006031', "Washington University defeats Illinois University, 67-64, in second round of men's NCAA tournament; photo (M)")('2006031', 'Study conducted by Robert Wood Johnson Medical School finds that women and black people who have heart attacks in New Jersey are unlikely to undergo angioplasty or bypass afterward and are more likely to die as result (S)')('2006031', 'Article on plan by US Army Corps of Engineers, New Jersey Department of Environmental Protection, private environmentalists and park watchdogs to create tidal marsh surrounded by forest and grasslands by flooding interior 234 acres of Liberty State Park in Jersey City; resulting marsh will be crisscrossed with miles of boardwalks and footpaths; project is expected to cost state and federal government estimated $32 million and take five years; photos (M)')('2006031', 'Joshua Gallu letter holds that there is nothing inherent to atheism that encourages more or less tolerance than any other religion does; drawing (Slavoj Zizek March 12 Op-Ed article)')('2006031', 'Eric Foner reviews book Freedom Riders: 1961 and the Struggle for Racial Justice by Raymond Arsenault; photo (M).')('2006031', "Lace is featured in this spring's fashions and accessories; photos (M)")('2006031', "Leftist former mayor of Mexico City Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador, leader of Party of Democratic Revolution, appears to have consolidated his position as frontrunner in Mexico's presidential campaign; party made surprising and significant gains in congressional and local elections; Lopez Obrador's appeal lies in his promise to slash wasteful government spending and root out corruption in government and state-owned entities; photo (M)")('2006031', 'Iranian writer Akbar Ganji is released from prison after serving six-year sentence on charges brought after he wrote book accusing government officials of playing role in killing of 80 dissidents and intellectuals; went on long hunger strike last summer; appears weak and frail on release; photo (M)')('2006031', "Denise Smith letter supports March 12 editorial opposing South Dakota's restrictive abortion law")('2006031', "Louisiana State University defeats Texas A&M University, 58-57, in second round of men's NCAA tournament; photo (M)")('2006031', 'Susann Cokal reviews book The World to Come by Dara Horn; photo (M)')('2006031', 'Kate Hawley New York Observed column on moving to New York City from Chicago and searching for desk that would serve as inspiration for her career in journalism; photo (M)')('2006031', "Former Congolese warlord Thomas Lubanga becomes first suspect delivered to new International Criminal Court at The Hague; he is accused of abducting children and turning them into soldiers and sex slaves; was founder and leader of Union of Congolese Patriots, one of most dangerous militias in Congo's northeastern Ituri district (M)")('2006031', 'Behind the Wheel column reviews Ford Harley-Davidson F-150 pickup, example of automotive co-branding; photos (M)')('2006031', 'Art historian Eleanor Phillips Brackbill letter disputes speculation in February 26 article that photo by Edward Steichen was taken at what is now Hampshire Country Club golf course in Mamaroneck; holds it may be of Gedney Pond')('2006031', 'WHITE FOLLOWS OLYMPIC GO')('2006031', 'Jersey Footlights column; poet and monologist Pandora Scooter will present Samuraization: One Woman Learns to Eat Her Sushi and Have It Too, at El Bodegon Restaurant in Rahway, NJ; photo (M)')('2006031', 'Russell Shorto reviews book Slavery in New York edited by Ira Berlin and Leslie M Harris; photo (M)')('2006031', 'Elaine Cacciarelli letter praises March 5 Michael Sokolove article on impact of current building boom on neighborhoods')('2006031', 'Terry Golway Jersey column on community outreach program in which more than 700 Seton Hall University students and about 40 faculty and staff members are helping residents of Vailsburg section of Newark, NJ; drawing (M)')('2006031', 'Six-year-old Rajahn Thomas dies in fire at family home in Newark; mother Tierra Johnson and grandmother Paulett Johnson are injured (M)')('2006031', 'Kate Aurthur article humorously discusses her feelings about television show Seventh Heaven which she hates to hate; discusses friends of her who hate to hate other shows especially Full House; drawing (M)')('2006031', 'Joe Samuel Starnes Soapbox essay on Hillbillies, name of sports teams at Verona High School in Verona, NJ; offers suggestions for updating name and hillbilly mascot; drawing (M)')('2006031', 'Louis Uchitelle column on discrepancies between statistics from monthly Bureau of Labor Statistics employment report and less-noticed monthly Job Openings and Labor Turnover Survey, known as Jolts; notes two reports are based on entirely different surveys of employers and reason for increase in total employment right now is that separations are declining; graph (M)')('2006031', 'March 12 article about popularity of movies in China referred incorrectly to film Initial D; it was Japanese and Hong Kong production')('2006031', 'New York Knicks player Jamal Crawford helps lead team to 105-103 victory over Detroit Pistons (M)')('2006031', 'Atlantic City Mayor Robert Levy and other guests praise boxing promoter Don King during naming of Don King Plaza; photo (S)')('2006031', 'Black Entertainment Television founder Robert Johnson acquires 51 percent stake in struggling Metro Bank of Orlando, Fla, as cornerstone to build nationwide minority-owned financial services company; bank will be renamed Urban Trust; photo (S)')('2006031', "Article on unconventional shared living arrangements that are developing in suburbs as housing prices in New York metropolitan area continue to soar; siblings, elderly parents and children, work mates and friends are doubling up to save on mortgage costs or rent; some households span three generations, with older adults caring for their children's children while the others work; photos (M)")('2006031', 'Randy Cohen The Ethicist column responds to question about whether person should tell man who is paying child support that he is not biological father of children he is supporting and therefore has no legal obligation; also answers question about ethics of athlete allowing herself to be recruited into Ivy League school and then quitting team, but staying at school; drawing (M)')('2006031', "Article on 'Fedders houses' defined in posting year ago by online slang dictionary doubletongued.org as the kind of cheaply made structures that have through-the-wall air-conditioners with manufacturer's name visible to outside; company officials resolutely continue to look on bright side, saying they are proud that developers and architects use their products in buildings; photo (M)")('2006031', 'Article on increasing number of homeowners in New York metropolitan area who are using trellises, arbors and pergolas to grow plants vertically and thus give structure to their yards; Carolyn Summers of Hastings-on-Hudson, who is growing plants on deer fence and arbor and has trained pear trees on 12-foot-high espalier, Steve Kottage who has arbor outside his house in Weston, Conn, and others comment; photos (Special Issue: Where We Live) (M)')('2006031', "Richard Siklos column on pending demise of Knight Ridder, which chairman and chief executive P Anthony Ridder has agreed to sell to McClatchy Co; Ridder comments on reasons for sale and fact, apparently unknown to him until deal was sealed, that McClatchy plans to sell 12 of Knight Ridder's biggest newspapers; photo (M)")('2006031', 'Deutsche Lufthansa chairman and chief executive Wolfgang Mayrhuber The Boss column on his childhood fascination with dismantling things, early career as pilot and leisure activities; photo (M)')('2006031', 'Correction of March 12 article about Willie Cole exhibition at Montclair Art Museum, whose director, Patterson Sims, curated show (S)')('2006031', "Photo of Cuba's win over Dominican Republic in World Baseball Classic semifinals")('2006031', "Editorial calls on New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg to use his considerable popularity and clout as leverage to persuade state legislators--particulary Republican senators from city--to come up with more money for city's hard-pressed schools or face possibility that he will support their opponents")('2006031', "Article on would-be homeowners' stronger reliance on home inspectors and appraisers now that housing market in New York metropolitan area has cooled; Dave Zappulla of Zappulla Property Inspections says many buyers are no longer eager to pay exorbitant prices for houses with termite and other pest problems or outdated electrical and plumbing systems; Matrix Home Appraisals owner Anthony Messina says people are no longer buying homes where appraised value does not support sale price; photos (Special Issue: Where We Live) (M)")('2006031', 'Democrats rush to back L Tammy Duckworth for nomination in March 21 primary; Duckworth hopes to replace Republican incumbent Rep Henry Hyde, who is retiring; Duckworth is retired Army major and helicopter pilot who lost both legs in grenade attack in Iraq; experts say demographic shifts in DuPage County could hand Democrats victory; Duckworth faces stiff primary competition from Christine Cegelis, who is favored by those wary of outside influences behind Duckworth; photos (M)')('2006031', 'Segundo Ortiz of Harlem is arrested in connection with strangling death of wife Maria Graciella Calle; relatives of Calle say Ortiz had been abusive in past (M)')('2006031', 'Anita Gates reviews Westport Country Playhouse production of Eric Overmyer play On the Verge or the Geography of Yearning, directed by Tazewell Thompson; photo (M)')('2006031', 'New York Yankees outfielder Gary Sheffield says he still feels like he has to prove himself, despite good numbers over past two years; photo (M)')('2006031', 'Craig Modderno interviews actor John Hader star of cult hit film Napoleon Dynamite, about his life and upcoming movies; discusses how being Mormon affects his choice of film roles; photo (M)')('2006031', 'Article on renewed interest in megacap stocks, which some analysts expect to do well later this year; photo (M)')('2006031', "New Jersey Gov Jon S Corzine is expected to announce restructuring of state's troubled child welfare agency during upcoming budget address; move may be part of strategy to avert federal takeover of system as it negotiates class-action suit; indications are that Corzine will create cabinet-level Department of Children and Families to be headed by Kevin M Ryan, human services comissioner; department would have 6,000 employees and $1.4 billion budget; photo (M)")('2006031', "Florida University defeats Wisconsin University-Milwaukee, 82-60, in second round of men's NCAA tournament (M)")('2006031', 'Myles Boylan letter praises March 5 Jon Gertner profile of Edward L Glaeser, who has been revitalizing urban economics')('2006031', "Map and charts of changes in New York suburban housing prices, sales and inventories in New Jersey, Connecticut and New York's Nassau, Suffolk and Westchester Counties (Special Issue: Where We Live) (M)")('2006031', 'Jennifer Steinhauer article on homemade birthday cakes; says even ones with uneven layers are better than beautifully decorated bakery cakes; recipes; photos (L)')('2006031', 'Correction; March 5 article on New Orleans real estate developer Patrick Quinn referred imprecisely to his sale and purchase of one property')('2006031', 'Article on restoration that is underway at original Florence Griswold boardinghouse, adjacent to new Florence Griswold Museum, in Old Lyme, Conn; efforts are being made to relocate and buy back or have donated furniture that was auctioned off in 1938 after owner, Florence Griswold, died; boardinghouse was where American Impressionist painters gathered each summer to live and work; photos (M)')('2006031', 'Interview with Markos Moulitsas Zuniga, founder of left-leaning Daily Kos, largest political blog in country; photo (M)')('2006031', 'Sharon Silver letter has little sympathy for expression of nostalgia in neighborhoods that have large number of teardowns (March 5 Michael Sokolove article)')('2006031', "Joanne Starkey reviews F H Riley's restaurant in Huntington, NY; photo (M)")('2006031', "Article on New Jersey's staggering budget deficit, which is predicted by Corzine administration to rise 40 percent over next four years, to nearly $40 billion, if nothing is done to check increases in health care and pension costs and other commitments; Gov Jon Corzine is likely to propose tax increases during his budget address to head off fiscal ruin; several reasons why New Jersey is worse off than other states with aging populations, high-cost climates and relatively slow growth described; photos; graphs")('2006031', "Sheila Michaels letter on T Cooper's February 26 New York Observed column recalls story of her Jewish ancestors emigrating to Galveston, Tex, in 1880's or 1890's")('2006031', 'Shiite pilgrimage route from Baghdad to Karbala cuts straight across Triangle of Death overrun by Sunni insurgents, but hundreds of thousands of pilgrims are risking 50-mile journey to commemorate death of Imam Hussein, grandson of Prophet Muhammad; drive-by shootings killed eight pilgrims and string of bombs along route wounded several people (M)')('2006031', "Bucknell University men's basketball team prepares to face Memphis University in second round of NCAA tournament after assistant coach Bryan Goodman's 2-month-old daughter and 11-year-old team ball boy Tylor Pfeiffer die in unrelated incidents (M)")('2006031', 'Correction of March 8 article; growth in United Nations global purchases, largely because of increased peacekeeping operations, exceeded $1.6 billion in 2005, compared with $400 million in 1997')('2006031', 'Reading File column; excerpts from Rick Poynor article in magazine Print, Ben Macintyre article in Times of London and Phillip Longman article in Foreign Policy; photo (M)')('2006031', "Pres Bush says US will do what it takes to keep Iran from getting nuclear bomb; those words to nervous allies echo run-up to Iraq invasion, but Iran is not Iraq; some experts in US say world could learn to live with nuclear Iran; Bush administration rejects arguments for containment strategy, especially since Mahmoud Ahmadinejad became Iran's president; drawing (M)")('2006031', "Fred R Conrad photo essay captures Cuba's passion for baseball as its national team competes in World Baseball Classic (M)")('2006031', "New Jersey Commission of Investigation review finds that local school boards have given school administrators 'questionable and excessive' compensation packages that cost millions of dollars and are often hidden from public view (S)")('2006031', "Roundup of last week's stock market activity; graph (M)")('2006031', "Texas Panhandle was ablaze last week, with three large wildfires consuming over 800,000 acres of rangeland; wet weather at week's end helped firefighters get major fires under control, but damage had been done: at least 11 people dead, estimated 10,000 cattle and horses lost, homes and other property destroyed; ecologists say that prairie fires are natural part of ecosystem; photo (M)")('2006031', 'Interview with Villanova University basketball player Will Sheridan, who will play in NCAA tournament; photo (M)')('2006031', "Chart discusses men's NCAA tournament results; chart; photos (M)")('2006031', 'Louise Berenson letter on March 5 letters offers reason why ban on loud leaf blowers is ignored in Larchmont, NY')('2006031', "Dave Alpert letter comments on Michael Sokolove's March 5 article bemoaning loss of neighborhood to McMansions")('2006031', 'Lindsay Korotkin letter says rapid turnover of New York neighborhoods like Bushwick is evidence that New York is hostile to low-income populations (March 5 Robert Sullivan article)')('2006031', 'Editorial suggests that name of Peter McGowan, former Islip town supervisor who resigned and pleaded guilty to corruption charges, remain in place on concourse at McArthur Airport as reminder of what public servants can turn into')('2006031', 'Lawyer Ron wins Rebel Stakes (M)')('2006031', 'Rachel Donadio essay on spread of chick-lit genre throughout world; says regional varieties of genre have been sprouting in unexpected places, buoyed by demographic that is both their subject and their readership: 20- and 30-something women with full-time jobs, discretionary income and hunger for independence and glamour; notes chick-lit is proving to be adaptable genre that has tapped into larger social shifts in places like India and post-Communist Eastern Europe, where traditional values collide in unexpected ways with new economic order; drawings (M)')('2006031', 'Number of Nascar drivers started careers on dirt tracks (M)0')('2006031', 'Footlights column; Northport movie theater, which opened in 1912, is set to reopen as Northport Performing Arts Center with production of Brooklyn Boy, presented by Bare Bones Theater Company (M)')('2006031', 'Howard Goldberg reviews Argentine sparkling wine from Pascual Toso (S)')('2006031', 'Group convened by Gov Jon Corzine issues report recommending that New Jersey Schools Construction Corp be abolished and replaced with new government authority (S)')('2006031', 'Elizabeth Banco letter contends buying home is stressful, emotionally-charged process requiring much guidance from real estate brokers (March 5 Stephen J Dubner and Steven D Levitt article)')('2006031', 'Article on rise in popularity of luxury condominium living in cities and suburbs of New York metropolitan area among those who once lived in single-family houses or rental apartments; though high-end properties are not cheap, they typically cost less than house of comparable luxury and are easier to maintain; photos (Special Issue: Where We Live) (M)')('2006031', 'T C Tanis letter contends that San Francisco Giants outfielder Barry Bonds should be given due process by media before he is presumed guilty of using steroids (S)')('2006031', "Unmarried father has no right under law in some states to withhold consent for adoption unless he has registered with putative father registry before adoption petition is filed; remains open question whether registries serve more to protect fathers' rights or to protect adoptive parents from biological fathers' claims; many men remain ignorant of registries and some women refuse to identify father to forestall interference; photo (L)")('2006031', 'Alan Brinkley reviews book American Theocracy: The Peril and Politics of Radical Religion, Oil, and Borrowed Money in the 21st Century by Kevin Phillips; photos (M)')('2006031', 'Article on Maria Pusateri, whose first film, Vito After, is documentary on recent life of her brother-in-law, New York homicide Detective Vito Friscia; Friscia, who worked on site during World Trade Center collapse and spent months sifting rubble at Staten Island landfill, has developed debilitating respiratory illness; Pusateri comments on hurdles she has faced in marketing film; photo (M)')('2006031', "Article on new book Kearny's Own: The History of the First New Jersey Brigade in the Civil War; photo (By the Way column) (M)")('2006031', "Christie's Americas chairman Stephen Lash holds black-and-white ball at Manhattan headquarters to commemorate 40th anniversary of Truman Capote's legendary ball at Plaza Hotel; Christie's auction of items from Plaza, which is being partially converted into condominiums, raises $1.8 million; photo (S)")('2006031', "It is foregone conclusion that Pres Aleksandr G Lukashenko will win re-election in Belarus in elections widely denounced as undemocratic, but vote is prelude to real struggle against Lukashenko's government that many fear could end in violent reprisals; opposition candidates Aleksandr Milinkevich and Aleksandr V Kazulin have called on their supporters to assemble and protest in defiance of ban on Election Day rallies, hoping to duplicate Ukraine's popular uprising against rigged election; photo (L)")('2006031', 'Photograph of Serbs gathering in Belgrade for funeral of former president Slobodan Milosevic')('2006031', "Rash of new construction projects in Bronx are changing neighborhoods once symbols of urban decay; projects planned or underway include thousands of units of new housing, shopping malls and $800 million stadium for Yankees, but many residents are concerned that gentrification will drive them out and destroy neighborhoods of small family-owned stores that withstood hard times; residents' aversion to boom is due to dizzying speed of change; graph; photos (L)")('2006031', 'Judy Levine letter complains that Bush administration is committed to war in Iraq even though it is unmitigated disaster')('2006031', 'Lesley Friedsam and Peter Damisch wed on sub-Antarctic island of South Georgia; photos (Vows Column) (M)')('2006031', 'Safety of judges and court employees remains concern about one year after killing of husband and mother of federal Judge Joan H Lefkow and rampage in Atlanta courthouse that left three people dead; Judicial Conference of the United States has authorized new security measures; Congress has appropriated $12 million for Marshals Service to coordinate security, and Sens Arlen Specter and Patrick J Leahy have introduced measure to mandate better coordination among marshals (M)')('2006031', 'Robert P Thibodeau letter asserts Edward L Glaeser is insulated from cities and should not offer pronouncements on them from perimeters of suburbs (March 5 Jon Gertner article)')('2006031', "Immigration has long caused friction between Roman Catholic Church, with its advocacy for migrants, and conservatives, who want to slow illegal crossings over Mexican border; as Congress wrestles with fate of nation's 11 million illegal immigrants, that tension has escalated into war of words, highlighting divide among some Republicans and Catholics who have fought side by side on other issues; photo (M)")('2006031', 'Susan Miele letter on March 12 editorial on improving evacuation plan at Indian Point nuclear power plant')('2006031', "Editorial holds that dark and bloody first episode of The Sopranos' sixth season was reminder of why it is one of most compelling television shows in long time, but it also suggests why viewership may decline this year, as it seems to have done already")('2006031', 'Author Lauren Slater Op-Ed article holds that Ambien is just latest miracle drug to fall from grace; says psychotropics seem to go through fairly predictable 20-year cycle, so eerily consistent that we should be able to pinpoint in precisely what year our newest superstar will fumble; contends that it is up to consumers to disregard hype that too often infuses pharmacological findings (M)')('2006031', 'Anti-smoking ordinance passed unanimously by five-member Calabasas City Council in California last month takes effect; prohibits smoking in all public places, indoor or outdoor, where anyone might be exposed to secondhand smoke; ordinance has encountered little resistance and comes just weeks after California Air Resources Board declared secondhand smoke to be toxic air contaminant; photo (M)')('2006031', 'Around the Block column review of Chevrolet Malibu Maxx; photo (M)')('2006031', 'Article describes five art fairs that converged in New York last weekend: Armory Show, Diva, LA Art in New York, Pulse and Scope New York; for each chart lists wall label, number of galleries, sales and visitors; drawings (M)')('2006031', 'Peter Berry letter comments on Keith Gessen Feb 19 essayA')('2006031', 'Jack Silbert reviews PizzaLand pizzeria in North Arlington, NJ, which can be seen in opening credits of HBO series The Sopranos; photo (M)')('2006031', 'New York City Parks Department officials and some people who use park comment on recent incident in which man was arrested for damaging or destroying $24,000 worth of trees and plants in Union Square Park; photo (M)')('2006031', 'New Jersey Sierra Club executive director Jeff Tittel rescinds support of Gov Jon Corzine over plan to replenish depleted Transportation Trust Fund; Tittel says plan will gut restrictions on spending for new highway construction and encourage sprawl (S)')('2006031', 'New York City Department for the Aging runs job-training center for low- and moderate-income residents 55 years old or older; some participants need retraining after losing jobs, but others want to re-enter job market after retiring; photo (M)')('2006031', "Reporter's Notebook on federal trial of Louis Eppolito and Stephen Caracappa, former New York City detectives charged with mob-related murders of eight people in 1980's and 1990's, as cautionary tale of entertainment age; defense attorney Bruce Cutler argues that many of incriminating comments made by Eppolito about murders to informant Steven Corso were product of imagination of ex-cop who dreamed of being screenwriter and believed Corso had connections to Hollywood producers; Eppolito's troubles apparently began when he tried to get his movie made, and attempting to curry favors, bought methamphetamine for Hollywood big shots; move allowed government to jump across statute of limitations and proceed with murder indictment (M)")('2006031', 'William Safire On Language column offers disagreements from readers on his Feb 19 column on jargon of bloggers (M)')('2006031', "Group of priests calls on Bishop William Murphy and Long Island Voice of the Faithful to let mediator help settle longstanding differences over calls by lay group for Murphy's resignation; lay group maintains Murphy, leader of Diocese of Rockville Centre, NY, since 2001, shielded pedophile priests when he was top official in Archdiocese of Boston; critics contend Murphy might be perceived as admitting that he needs outside help and has lost control of his flock if he agrees to mediation; photos (M")('2006031', 'Liesl Schillinger reviews Party of the Century, Fabulous Story of Truman Capote and His Black and White Ball by Deborah Davis: reviews Fever: The Life and Music of Miss Peggy Lee by Peter Richmond; photos (M)')('2006031', 'Dan Gamber letter praises March 5 magazine section devoted to real estate; photo')('2006031', 'Helen Harrison reviews paintings by Lemuel Maynard Wiles at Winter Gallery in Southold, modern sculptures by members of Sculptors Guild at Hillwood Art Museum in Brookville and 25th annual Expo at B J Spoke Gallery in Huntington, NY; photos (M)')('2006031', 'Editorial reverses earlier call to divert sewage from overtaxed treatment plant in Yorktown, NY, to better one in Peekskill in order to keep stormwater from contaminating reservoir; holds upgrading of Hallocks Mills sewage plant must not become catalyst for irresponsible growth')('2006031', 'Friends of Yankee Stadium director David Gratt letter on March 12 editorial questions whether new Yankee Stadium would benefit community and city')('2006031', 'Anti-war demonstrations take place across nation on third anniversary of United States invasion of Iraq; about 1,000 people gather near Times Square in New York City before marching to United Nations building; photo (M)')('2006031', 'Karla Cook reviews Jo-Sho restaurant in Somerset, NJ; photo (M)')('2006031', "Geographic isolation of 513,000 Dongxiang people in China's Gansu Province has helped preserve Islamic culture but has also served to separate Dongxiang people from prosperity lifting other parts of China; Dongxiang are among poorest and most illiterate of China's 56 officially recognized ethnic minorities; Dongxiang may be descendants of diverse group of Eastern and Central Asian craftsmen conscripted into Mongol army in 13th century; photos; map (L)")('2006031', 'Op-Ed article by Common Cause New York executive director Rachel Leon on research showing that state political campaigns in New York rank among most expensive; calls for dramatically lowering cap on individual contributions to level comparable to federal limit, ban on use of campaign funds for personal use and improvements in disclosure and enforcement and public financing of elections (M)')('2006031', "Small-market Northwestern State University men's basketball team enjoys NCAA tournament and moments in national spotlight (M)")('2006031', "Op-Ed article by American Jewish Committee communications director Kenneth Bandler decries end to New York Power Authority's experimental electric car program, which he participated in and which was discontinued in December 2004 (M)")('2006031', 'Alison Goodwin Schiff letter on March 12 article about cabdriver radio call-in show; urges unhappy riders to take taxi drivers to taxi court')('2006031', 'Former American Horticultural Society pres George Ball Op-Ed article disputes contention of some environmentalists that exotic plants are invading American gardens, and our ecosystem will collapse under their rampant suffocating growth; drawing (M)')('2006031', "Women's Ways oC")('2006031', "Article discusses Godlight Theater Company production of Fahrenheit 451, based on Ray Bradbury novel and best known as 1966 film; discusses artistic director Joe Tantalo's ideas about production which he and Bradbury feel is more relevant than ever; presents Bradbury's ideas about origins of novel which he says is based more on destruction of library at Alexandria, Egypt than on McCarthy era witch hunts; photo (L)")('2006031', "Article explores reasons for dearth of women partners in law firms; National Assn for Law Placement reports that only about 17 percent of partners at major law firms nationwide were women in 2005, despite sharp rise in number of female law school graduates; data shows that women's legal careers involve insurmountable hurdles that are underexamined or misunderstood; some analysts and many women lawyers say child rearing is not primary reason why women leave law firms; say many lack strong male mentoring and enjoy less access to networking and business development opportunities that flourish outside work environment; photos (L)")('2006031', 'Stephanie Nicholas Acquadro letter assails Bush administration for its incompetence')('2006031', 'New Jersey Performing Arts Center president Lawrence Goldman announces plan to expand scope and presence of complex in hope of transforming section of Newark into haven for artists and art lovers (S)')('2006031', "Ben Ratliff article discusses six new CD's (M)")('2006031', "Actor David Staller's new theater company Gingold Group will give airing to every George Bernard Shaw full-length, one-act play and sketch; has been occupied with Shaw for three decades ever since hearing him on old radio broadcast; photo (M)")('2006031', 'Op-Ed article by Institute for War and Peace Reporting senior editor Stacy Sullivan praises efficient and loving way New York City emergency response teams handled fire and evacuation of residents from 35 apartments at 345 and 347 West 16th Street (M)')('2006031', 'Tom Ferrell revie')('2006031', 'Alice Gabriel reviews Globe Bar and Grill in Larchmont, NY; photos (M)')('2006031', 'David Chen Politics column on nasty political fight within Republican Party in Bergen County, NJ, which started with January 11 Op-Ed article in The Record in which former party leader Alan C Marcus lambasted leadership and announced effort to unseat chairman Guy Talarico (M)')('2006031', 'Editorial contends that last three years have shown how little Bush administration understood Iraq; blames Defense Sec Donald Rumsfeld for botched invasion; holds that US must minimize damage through urgent diplomacy and forceful reminders that its forces are not prepared to remain in country whose leaders prefer civil war to peaceful compromise')('2006031', 'Linda Rabben letter on March 12 article on employees at nonprofit organizations falsifying their educational credentials')('2006031', 'Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice holds talks with Japan and Australia to deepen three-way alliance aimed in part at balancing spreading influence of China; United States is also looking for ways to draw Japan into improving relations with neighbors who are still suspicious of it; Rice also hoped to prop up sagging American image in Australia (M)')('2006031', 'Article on homeowners in New York metropolitan area, influenced by uncertainty of real estate market, who are choosing to renovate homes rather than move; Deborah Dodds and daughter Katherine Smith, who are remodeling home in Bedford, NY, with help of designer, Steven Grossman of Bellmore, NY, and other homeowners comment on their home-improvement projects; photos (Special Issue: Where We Live) (M)')('2006031', 'Frank Fitts, president of City Island Civic Assn, comments on repeated disappearance of No Parking signs along Bridge Street on City Island; many islanders suspect that many are intentionally removed; photo (M)')('2006031', "Floodwaters of Hurricane Katrina ruined landmark Milne Boys Home in New Orleans, where Louis Armstrong learned to play cornet when part of it was still Colored Waif's Home for Boys; city officials dealing with chaos of post-Katrina New Orleans have had little energy for dealing with issues like arts or historic preservation; city is negotiating with Federal Emergency Management Agency to determine how much federal money might be available for site; photos (M)")('2006031', "Article on beach conditions along New Jersey's shoreline; State Department of Environmental Protection predicts that by end of this century, sea level along shoreline, whose property values continue to soar, may be two to three feet higher because of global warming, more flooding and more beach erosion; controversy over beach replenishment project in Beach Haven described; photo; map (M)")('2006031', "Susan J Behrens letter on Barbra Williams Cosentino's March 12 Op-Ed article recalls when Queens area code was changed from 212 to 718")('2006031', 'David Grubbs letter comments on Jim Windolf March 5 review of Simon Reynolds book Rip It Up and Start Again')('2006031', 'Op-Ed article by Common Cause New York executive director Rachel Leon on research showing that state political campaigns in New York rank among most expensive; calls for dramatically lowering cap on individual contributions to level comparable with federal limit, ban on use of campaign funds for personal use and improvements in disclosure and enforcement and public financing of elections (M)')('2006031', 'Steven A Ludsin letter on March 12 eminent domain dispute between Deepdale Golf Club and Village of North Hill, NY')('2006031', 'James Traub article examines why world feels so dangerous when there is data to support contention that conflict worldwide is actually diminishing; cites report showing number of armed conflicts has been dropping steadily since cold war and major civil wars, which exploded between 1946 and 1991, declined sharply; suggests figures do not relieve sense of vulnerability because of fundamental differences between cold war and terrorism; photo; graph (M)')('2006031', 'James Walsh letter praises controversial play, May Name is Rachel Corrie')('2006031', "Bonnie S Anderson letter supports March 12 editorial condemning South Dakota's abortion law")('2006031', 'Samuel G Freedman reviews book Waiting f')('2006031', 'Victoria M Gillen letter on March 12 article about shocking murders in New York City')('2006031', 'Olga Gru')('2006031', 'Long Island Journal column on Seminary of the Immaculate Conception in Huntington, where eight first-year theology students, ages 22 to 44, prepare for priesthood; seminary has another 130 lay students who are studying for master of arts in theology or pastoral studies, eight of whom are working toward doctor of ministry degree; additional 41 men, all married, are studying to be ordained as deacons; photo (M)')('2006031', 'Bill Cunningham On the Street photos of women in Paris wearing black')('2006031', 'Article on scene at recent First Friday party at Guggenheim Museum in New York; photo (M)')('2006031', 'Street Level column on mixed reaction in neighborhood to plans for Plaza Hotel; new owners, Elad Properties, has begun marketing 182 luxury apartments, priced from $2.2 million to about $40 million, that will transform rooms on Central Park and Fifth Avenue sides of building into private condos; photo (M)')('2006031', "Article on would-be homeowners' stronger reliance on home inspectors and appraisers now that housing market in New York metropolitan area has cooled; Dave Zappulla of Zappulla Property Inspections says many buyers are no longer eager to pay exorbitant prices for houses with termite and other pest problems or outdated electrical and plumbing systems; Matrix Home Appraisals owner Anthony Messina says people are no longer buying homes where appraised value does not support sale price; photos (Special Issue: Where We Live) (M)")('2006031', 'Eli')('2006031', 'Profile of Egyptian-born Princeton University student Yasser el-Halaby, who has won unprecedented fourth consecutive national collegiate singles squash championship; photos (M)')('2006031', 'Dan Ray letter on March 12 article about dreary passenger ship terminal in Manattan')('2006031', 'Article profiles actor Andre Braugher who stopped playing detective Frank Pembleton eight years ago and now stars in new FX series Thief; discusses effect typecasting from homicide character had on his career; says new role in Thief should change his image; photo (L)')('2006031', 'Jon Benjamin article describes last vacation he and his girlfriend took together before she gave birth to their child; drawing (M)')('2006031', 'Lukas Haynes letter praises Walter Kirn article about people who find themselves with rising home equity rates, modest appreciation and slow sales market (March 5 article)')('2006031', "Ryland Group board, following protest by construction workers' pension fund, produces second special supplemental retirement plan that would entitle chief executive R Chad Dreier to $3.84 million per year for 15 years (S)")('2006031', 'Review of Harley-Davidson 2006 FXDBI motorcycle (M)')('2006031', "Virginia Postrel reviews book The White Man's Burden: Why the We")('2006031', "Article on unconventional shared living arrangements that are developing in suburbs as housing prices in New York metropolitan area continue to soar; siblings, elderly parents and children, work mates and friends are doubling up to save on mortgage costs or rent; some households span three generations, with older adults caring for their children's children while the others work; photos (M)")('2006031', '*Herbert J Gans letter comments on Michael Hirsh March 5 review of book Global Capitalism by Jeffrey A Frieden and The Global Class War by Jeff Faux')('2006031', 'Ezra S Abrams letter comments on difference impact of zoning has on those with and without money (March 5 Jon Gertner article)')('2006031', 'Article on Zillow.com, new real estate Web site opened by Expedia.com chief executive Rich Barton that allows users to type in address anywhere in country and get aerial or satellite picture of house along with statistics like square footage, property tax, sales history and current estimated value; site coverage in New York suburbs, however, is spotty; photo (Special Issue: Where We Live) (M)')('2006031', "Map and charts of changes in New York suburban housing prices, sales and inventories in New Jersey, Connecticut and New York's Nassau, Suffolk and Westchester Counties (Special Issue: Where We Live) (M)")('2006031', 'Benjamin Genocchio reviews (k)nots, multimedia art show on view at New Jersey City University Visual Arts Gallery; photos (M)')('2006031', "Amazon.com's Text Stats software does statistical analysis of book and ranks it for clarity and ease of reading on variety of indexes (M)")('2006031', 'Article on rise in number of alternative art spaces that are springing up around New York City metropolitan area; artists are finding affordable space in which to live and work in old warehouses in gritty urban areas as well as suburbia; such spaces are usually non-collecting, project-driven institutions inhabiting fringes of art world and, unlike commercial galleries, generally do not show works just to sell; photos (Special Issue: Where We Live) (M)')('2006031', 'Alexander McCall Smith reviews book Passarola Rising by Azhar Abidi (M)i')('2006031', 'Kate Stone Lombardi article on pros and cons that Westchester County homeowners must consider in weighing whether or not to sell homes that have appreciated considerably during current hot market; besides emotional attachments, big questions are where to go and would it make financial sense to sell; photos (Special Issue: Where We Live) (M)')('2006031', 'Boite column on Annex, new British-flavored club on Lower East Side; photo (M)')('2006031', 'Maui Land and Pineapple Co agrees to sell 190 acres of land on Maui to chief executive David Cole for $4.9 million next year; Cole, until then, will rent home on property for $1,500 per month (S)')('2006031', 'Naomi Siegel reviews Passage Theater production of one-woman play Love to All, Lorraine, written by and starring Elizabeth Van Dyke and co-directed by Van Dyke and Woodie King Jr, at Mill Hill Playhouse, Trenton, NJ; photo (M)')('2006031', "Barack Obama is so charismatic that his greatest challenge has been trying to play down expectations during his first Senate term; Obama's seeming perfection--as gifted orator, award-winning author and proven intellect who was first black president of Harvard Law Review--has become something of political marvel in itself, as Democrats survey landscape of potential presidential candidates and wonder if he is one to lead them back into favor after season of darkness; Obama seems to be balancing need to reduce unrealistic expectations with wish to retain his golden mystique; photos (M)")('2006031', "Gonzaga University defeats Indiana Pacers, 90-80, in second round of men's NCAA tournament (M)")('2006031', 'Larry Zuckerman letter comments on Laura Miller Feb 19 review of Stephen Wright book The Amalgamation Polka')('2006031', "Article discusses films and career of late Hollywood director Don Siegel on occasion of four week tribute at Film Forum in Manhattan; dicusses controversial interpretations of two of Seigel's films: Invasion of the Body Snatchers and Dirty Harry; presents Siegel's directorial style of carefully planned shots and use of eye-level cameras; photos (M)")('2006031', "Article on Neeme Jarvi, new music director of New Jersey Symphony Orchestra, and composer Charles Coleman, who was commissioned to write piece to celebrate New Jersey; Coleman's Red Oak Dawn will have its premiere at State Theater in New Brunswick; photo(M)")('2006031', "Celebrity divorce settlements are seldom made public because of threat of heavy financial penalties for breaking confidentiality agreements; rare glimpse at how these agreements can be orchestrated emerges from Garry Shandling's confidential 1997 settlement with Linda Doucett, his one-time fiancee; Doucett got $1 million from Shandling, and script of what she could say to reporters; sampling of her permitted responses; photos (M)")('2006031', 'Article on North Fork Bancorp, last big bank on Long Island, which has agreed to be acquired by Capital One; business and government leaders say that while they are concerned about potential job losses, they hope merger will help local economy; photos (M)')('2006031', "Article on A & B Book Distributors in downtown Brooklyn, home to New York City's biggest trove of street lit, which is also where street-lit vendors buy their goods; photo (M)")('2006031', "Adam Goodheart reviews book The Caliph's House by Tahir Shah; photo (M)")('2006031', 'Naomi Siegel reviews Paper Mill Playhouse revival of musical Carnival! with book by Michael Stewart, music and lyrics by Bob Merrill and directed by Erica Schmidt; photo (M)')('2006031', "Profile of and interview with Gary Kennedy, former chief executive at TenFold computer software company who, along with two other executives, decided against settling suit brought by Securities and Exchange Commission; describes reasons why SEC decided to drop case and impact it has had on Kennedy's career; photos (L)")('2006031', "Leslie Dimmling letter disputes March 12 editorial on Long Island politicians' attitude towards illegal immigrants")('2006031', 'Style column on new fashions in platform shoes and wedges; photos (M)')('2006031', "Long Island Vines column on Bedell Cellars's reserve merlot, which has been singled out in book The Great Wines of America: The Top Forty Vintners, Vineyards and Vintages by Paul Lukacs (M)")('2006031', "Interview with Mark Newgarden, cartoonist whose work combines despair and hilarity about human psyche; he believes suffering, regret, compulsion, humiliation, disappointment, betrayal, decay, death and big noses are 'proven laff-getters'; latest anthology is We All Die Alone; photos (M)")('2006031', 'Matt Villano Career Couch column answers questions about falsifications on resumes; drawing (M)')('2006031', "Wichita State University defeats Tennessee University, 80-73, in second round of men's NCAA tournament; photos (M)")('2006031', 'Chapter 11 of Patricia Cornwell book At Risk; photo (L)')('2006031', 'Richard P Taub letter points to numerous unmeasured variables in Marh 5 Jon Gertner article about economist Edward Glaeser')('2006031', 'Record flow of African migrants arriving in Canary Islands from Mauritania has led to at least 25 deaths in last week; Spanish government has detained more than 1,000 migrants at sea; detentions have overwhelmed government and Red Cross on islands; Mauritanian government says it is practically helpless to stop flow without help from abroad; islands became popular destination in 2002 after close monitoring of Strait of Gibraltar began; photo (M)')('2006031', "Correction of March 12 article about Westchester County's increased support for cultural institutions as result of reduction in Medicaid expenses; Salient Corp, not Salient Technologies, has been hired by county to search for fraudulent claims (S)")('2006031', "Matt Brown, ecologist with Central Park Conservancy, is taking samples of turf in Central Park's North Meadow to help groundskeepers better prepare park's 26 ball fields to withstand annual baseball season; conservancy has opened new lab devoted to studying soil, water and ecology to help groundskeepers tailor maintenance work to each field's individual needs and, in turn, cut down on late-summer bald spots; poto (M)")('2006031', 'Stephanie Lyness reviews Taste Restaurant and Lounge in North Haven, Conn; photos (M)')('2006031', 'R Paul Herman letter comments on March 5 Walter Kirn article about buyers who are feeling squeeze of real estate; urges them to get priorities straight')('2006031', "Article on dearth of alternative fuels, particularly ethanol and biodiesel, on Long Island, despite their promotion in New York Gov George Pataki's State of the State address and Pres Bush's State of the Union address; National Ethanol Vehicle Coalition says nearest public filling station for ethanol is in Annapolis, Md; biodiesel is also hard to find and priced about $2.95 a gallon, about the same as ordinary diesel; Nassau and Suffolk Counties and KeySpan are running some vehicles on alternative fuels; photos")('2006031', "Red Light District, purveyor of explicit videos of famous people, which sold more than 600,000 copies of Paris Hilton's bedroom video, is readying new sex tape starring Kid Rock and Scott Stapp, former frontman for Christian rock group Creed; Kid Rock has filed lawsuit, and federal judge has ordered that Web sites showing snippets of film be shut down; celebrity sex tapes today seem to juice up careers rather than destroy them, as they once did; photos (M)")('2006031', "New York University Law School Prof Stephen Gillers letter says fact that drug companies can increase price of cancer drugs tenfold gives new meaning to phrase 'your money or your life'")('2006031', 'Benjamin Genocchio reviews Hypervision, visual arts exhibition at Westport Arts Center in Connecticut; photos (M)')('2006031', "In new episode of Fox television series Prison Break, character Michael Scofield uses origami birds to test his plans; despite viewers' skepticism, origami is popular among prisoners; photos (M)")('2006031', 'Motherl')('2006031', 'Article presents excerpt from manifesto circulating on internet which condemns awarding of Oscar to movie Crash instead of gay-themed Brokeback Mountain; manifesto urges gays, lesbians, bisexuals and transgendered to boycott all future Academy Award shows; discusses why Brokeback Mountain should have won best picture; drawing (M)')('2006031', 'Ca\x98')('2006031', 'Carrie McAlister letter explains protection afforded home buyers by using real estate brokers; bemoans low pay brokers get in return (March 5 Stephen J Dubner and Steven D Levitt article)')('2006031', "Op-Ed article by American Jewish Committee communications director Kenneth Bandler decries end to New York Power Authority's experimental electric car program, which he participated in and which was discontinued in December 2004 (M)")('2006031', 'Cuba defeats Dominican Republic, 3-1, in World Baseball Classic semifinals; photo (M)y')('2006031', "Roundup of last week's stock market activity; graphs (M)")('2006031', 'Article on homeowners in New York metropolitan area, influenced by uncertainty of real estate market, who are choosing to renovate homes rather than move; Deborah Dodds and daughter Katherine Smith, who are remodeling home in Bedford, NY, with help of designer, Steven Grossman of Bellmore, NY, and other homeowners comment on their home-improvement projects; photos (Special Issue: Where We Live) (M)')('2006031', 'Article on number of restaurants, pizzarias and small food businesses on Long Island that have turned to Internet to increase sales outside New York metropolitan area; iwantnypizza.com, for example, ships about 100 pizzas a day nationwide; photos (M)')('2006031', 'Excerpts from previously published reviews of restaurants on Rivington Street in Manhattan (Good Eating column) (M)')('2006031', 'Letter from Rev Richard C Witt, executive director of Rural and Migrant Ministry, holds that his organization is trying to change labor laws that treat farmworkers as second-class citizens')('2006031', 'Toronto Maple Leafs player Eric Lindros discusses wrist injury (S)')('2006031', "Boston College defeats Montana University, 69-56, in second round of men's NCAA tournament; photos (M)")('2006031', 'Article on plans for business incubator on large vacant lot on Great Neck Road and Albany Avenue in North Amityville, NY; plans call for two-story, 12,000-square-foot building with retail store or professional office on ground floor that would pay market rent and start-up businesses owned by women and members of ethnic and racial minorities on second floor with discounted rents; incubator is seen as crucial for neighborhood once plagued by drug dealing; photos; map (M)')('2006031', "Brooklyn Borough President Marty Markowitz disputes John Maxtone-Graham's assertion in March 12 article that passengers sailing into new Red Hook cruise ship terminal will experience compromised views of Statue of Liberty")('2006031', 'Article reports on case of photographer Philip-Lorca Dicorcia, who was sued by person whose photograph he had taken at random in TImes Square; discusses arguments that led to dismissal of suit and first amendment and right to privacy laws; photos (L)')('2006031', 'Part 26 of Building Stories, comic strip by Chris Ware (M)')('2006031', 'Article assesses residential real estate market in New York metropolitan area which, if gauged by market, is slackening, or if by prices, remains strong; interviews with more than two dozen agents, buyers, sellers and economists concludes that housing market in region remains remarkably buoyant, but boom is over; photos (Special Issue: Where We Live) (L)')('2006031', "New Jersey Gov Jon S Corzine prepares to present budget as residents brace for considerable sacrifice to be asked of them in light of state's projected $4.5 billion budget deficit; tax increases and significant cuts in spending seem likely; photo (M)")('2006031', 'Paul Lim column on attitude toward pensions and retirement by workers of different ages; Ameriprise Financial survey found that majority of older workers said they need advice on how to teach their own children about money and finances; Hewitt Associates survey found only 31 percent of eligible Generation Y workers are participating in tax-deferred 401(k) plans and most have no clue as to how to allocate their funds; found that 63 percent of those age 26 to 41 and 72 percent of baby boomers are participating in 401(k) funds; graph (M)')('2006031', 'Retired Army Major Gen Paul D Eaton Op-Ed article asserts that Defense Sec Donald Rumsfeld is not competent to lead our armed forces and must step down; contends that he has shown himself incompetent strategically, operationally and tactically, and is far more than anyone else responsible for what has happened to our important mission in Iraq; drawing (M)')('2006031', 'Luke Gran letter says March 5 Jon Gertner article failed to explain impact of land development on ecosystems')('2006031', 'Op-Ed article by Common Cause New York executive director Rachel Leon on research showing that state political campaigns in New York rank among most expensive; calls for dramatically lowering cap on individual contributions to level comparable to federal limit, ban on use of campaign funds for personal use and improvements in disclosure and enforcement and public financing of elections (M)')('2006031', 'Officials in Suffolk County, NY, reach agreement with Environmental Protection Agency under which county will pay $1 million fine to settle water pollution case dating to June 2000; federal government will get $200,000, state $100,000 and rest will go toward buying land in Long Island Pine Barrens Preserve to protect groundwater (S)')('2006031', "Article on reaction by local real estate brokers to move by Sotheby's International Realty to acquire Julia B Fee, highly regarded agency in Westchester County, NY, and phase out its name; Sotheby's is using two-pronged approach to expanding its real estate operations--through outright acquisitions and franchising agreements; photos (Special Issue: Where We Live) (M)")('2006031', 'New York Yankees pitcher Ron Villone looks to play in World Series; photo (M)0')('2006031', 'Profile of Amir Khan, 19-year-old boxer who was considered prodigy at age 11; he is British citizen of Pakistani descent and practicing Muslim; has been compared with Sugar Ray Leonard and Muhammad Ali and says his goal is to show British Asian youths that they can achieve whatever they want; has won all of his six professional bouts; photos (L)')('2006031', 'Article on rise in number of alternative art spaces that are springing up around New York City metropolitan area; artists are finding affordable space in which to live and work in old warehouses in gritty urban areas as well as suburbia; such spaces are usually non-collecting, project-driven institutions inhabiting fringes of art world and, unlike commercial galleries, generally do not show works just to sell; photos (Special Issue: Where We Live) (M)')('2006031', "Zev Chafets article on debate team at Jerry Falwell's Liberty University, which boasts one of nation's great collegiate debate programs; this season, Liberty is closing in on unprecedented sweep: first place in rankings in three national college debate groups; Jerry Falwell and debate coach Brett O'Donnell are responsible for team's success; Falwell's goal is to change nation's culture and, by producing great debaters, he believes he can; college debate rules discussed; photos (L)")('2006031', 'Jennifer Egan article on growing trend toward single motherhood with women selecting what they hope will be good genetic material from profiles of sperm donors; while lesbian couples have long been conceiving with donor sperm, idea is relatively new for heterosexual women who are watching their biological clocks tick but not meeting men with whom they want to raise families; support group Single Mothers by Choice enrolled double number of new members in 2005 as it did 10 years ago and business is booming for sperm banks; experiences of several women described; photos (L)')('2006031', 'Luke Gran letter says March 5 Jon Gertner article failed to explain impact of land development on ecosystems')('2006031', 'Op-Ed article by Common Cause New York executive director Rachel Leon on research showing that state political campaigns in New York rank among most expensive; calls for dramatically lowering cap on individual contributions to level comparable to federal limit, ban on use of campaign funds for personal use and improvements in disclosure and enforcement and public financing of elections (M)')('2006031', 'Officials in Suffolk County, NY, reach agreement with Environmental Protection Agency under which county will pay $1 million fine to settle water pollution case dating to June 2000; federal government will get $200,000, state $100,000 and rest will go toward buying land in Long Island Pine Barrens Preserve to protect groundwater (S)')('2006031', "Article on reaction by local real estate brokers to move by Sotheby's International Realty to acquire Julia B Fee, highly regarded agency in Westchester County, NY, and phase out its name; Sotheby's is using two-pronged approach to expanding its real estate operations--through outright acquisitions and franchising agreements; photos (Special Issue: Where We Live) (M)")('2006031', 'New York Yankees pitcher Ron Villone looks to play in World Series; photo (M)0')('2006031', 'Article on HistoryTeacher.net, site created and run by Susan Pojer, history teacher at Horace Greeley High School in Chappaqua, NY; site, online resource for history students and even their teachers,is part primer on historical events, part Advanced Placement test study center and part catalog of primary and secondary resources; popular site has had millions of hits since its inception in 1998; photo (M)')('2006031', 'Brendan Koerner The Goods column on Honesty Stamps, line of five ink stamps designed by Dominic Wilcox that offer apologies for misdeeds or declare undying love; photo (M)')('2006031', "Liz Robbins Around The NBA column discusses Ron Artest's success with Sacramento Kings; photo (M)")('2006031', 'Article assesses residential real estate market in New York metropolitan area which, if gauged by market, is slackening, or if by prices, remains strong; interviews with more than two dozen agents, buyers, sellers and economists concludes that housing market in region remains remarkably buoyant, but boom is over; photos (Special Issue: Where We Live) (L)')('2006031', "Camp Nama at Baghdad International Airport is secret headquarters of shadowy military unit known as Task Force 6-26 charged with hunting down terrorist Abu Musab al-Zarqawi; new account based on documents and interviews offers detailed view of how military's most highly trained counterterrorism unit committed serious abuses on detainees months before and after abuses at Abu Ghraib surfaced; CIA was concerned enough to bar its own personnel from Camp Nama last August; map; drawing (L)")('2006031', 'Andrew Hicks letter cü')('2006031', 'Article on increasing number of homeowners in New York metropolitan area who are using trellises, arbors and pergolas to grow plants vertically and thus give structure to their yards; Carolyn Summers of Hastings-on-Hudson, who is growing plants on deer fence and arbor and has trained pear trees on 12-foot-high espalier, Steve Kottage who has arbor outside his house in Weston, Conn, and others comment; photos (Special Issue: Where We Live) (M)')('2006031', 'Roger Lowenstein reviews book The Merchant of Power: Sam Insull, Thomas Edison, and the Creation of the Modern Metropolis by John F Wasik; photo (M)')('2006031', 'Carolina Hurricanes player Erik Cole returns afterbroken bone in his neck (S)')('2006031', 'Meredith Jeffrey letter holds that by comparing only atheists and fundamentalists, Slavoj Zizek leaves out large group of believers who do not support radical ideas of fundamentalist movements (March 12 Op-Ed article)')('2006031', 'Vince')('2006031', 'Correction of March 12 article about Meg Noble Peterson, author of travel book Madam, Have You Ever Really Been Happy? (S)')('2006031', 'Kathie Klarreich Lives column describes falling in love with Haiti and her experiences living there; current volatile climate keeps her away, but she misses it and maintains hope that things will improve; drawing (M)')('2006031', 'Spring break now sprawls across international borders, with students either welcomed as free-spenders or shunned for being little more than drunken mobs; rite began in 1935 when Colgate University swim team trained in Fort Lauderdale, Fla, during Christmas break and other schools followed; chronology; graph; photos (M)')('2006031', 'Lao family in Queens grieves death of fourteen-year-old April Lao, who died after minivan in which she, her mother and brother were traveling to swim championship was struck by tractor-trailer in Orange County, NY; minivan driver Shuk H Tse and her sons Kevin Kwan, age 16, and Douglas Jiang, age 10, were also killed; Tse had stopped in middle of traffic lane to check flat tire; police say they are unlikely to bring charges against truck driver David Tichko (M)')('2006031', 'Dan Doniger letter on March 12 editorial on improving evacuation plan for Indian Point nuclear power plant')('2006031', 'Rob Walker Consumed column on relationship between consumer behavior and spiritual values as illustrated in success of Ten Thousand Villages, chain of stores that is nonprofit project of Mennonite Central Committee; stores sell wares made in third world countries and pay fair price to artisans; drawing (M)')('2006031', "Article explores question, in light of its recent decision in favor of razing Purchase Building, Art Moderne structure under Brooklyn Bridge, of whether New York City Landmarks Preservation Commission is entering new chapter in its history; city's hot real estate market has spawned more development than at any time in recent memory, Bloomberg administration has embarked on string of rezonings to help accommodate booming population, neighborhoods outside Manhattan, absorbing brunt of new development, are campaigning for historic preservation while City Council seeks louder voice in preservation affairs; meanwhile, staff of 11-member commission, despite growing workload, has dropped to 57 from 80 in 1991, survey department has been eliminated and commission now relies on private preservation groups to bring prospective designations to staff's attention; photos (L)")('2006031', "Duke University defeats George Washington University, 74-61, in second round of men's NCAA tournament; photo (M)")('2006031', 'Denver Nuggets player Carmelo Anthony buys into Indy Racing League team; photo (S)s')('2006031', 'Article on market for relatively lower-priced smaller hotels in Lower Manhattan; focuses on Blue Moon on Lower East Side and Hampton Inn Manhattan-Seaport/Financial District; photos (M)')('2006031', "Article profiles choreographer Tere O'Connor whose new work Baby opens at Dance Theater Workshop; discusses O'Connor's career, encouragement of young artists, attitudes towards dance critics and aspects of new work; photo (M)")('2006031', 'Fund raisers for various good causes are sponsoring dodgeball tournaments, scavenger hunts, mustache-growing contests, shopping-cart races and other unconventional incentives; this allows people of limited means to pool their individual donations into one big contribution and have fun in process; photos (M)')('2006031', "Fairleigh Dickinson University Prof Albert Soletsky letter on Randall Stross's March 12 Digital Domain column on online encyclopedia Wikipedia")('2006031', "Hell's Kitchen neighborhood on West Side of Manhattan has seen much of its blue-collar character disappear under encroachment of upscale development and growing cachet; low-rise apartment buildings are being replaced by terraced high-rises, family-owned businesses are disappearing and long-term residents are being forced out; number of community groups are fighting to maintain control over changes; photos (M)")('2006031', 'New York Rangers defeat Toronto Maple Leafs, 5-2; photo (M)0')('2006031', 'SHOCKING AND ENLIGHTEN')('2006031', 'Article on rise in popularity of luxury condominium living in cities and suburbs of New York metropolitan area among those who once lived in single-family houses or rental apartments; though high-end properties are not cheap, they typically cost less than house of comparable luxury and are easier to maintain; photos (Special Issue: Where We Live) (M)')('2006031', 'Article on question of whether Fair Trade certification means most of price paid for such goods go to farmers program is supposed to help; critics say too many fair trade dollars go to retailers and middlemen, including nonprofit organizations and say expenses are excessive; organizations involved say programs sometimes eliminate middlemen and allow farmers to deal directly with American wholesalers; photo (M)')('2006031', "Murray Chass On baseball column discusses Chicago Cubs's troubles with pitchers Mark Prior and Kerry Wood, who are once again injured (M)")('2006031', 'Bob Corya letter holds that US got rid of Saddam Hussein, and now it should be up to Iraqis to run Iraq')('2006031', 'J Braverman letter on March 12 article on eminent domain dispute between Deepdale Golf Club and North Hills, NY')('2006031', 'Photo of women of ancient Mandean sect performing baptismal rite in Tigris River in Iraq')('2006031', "Philip Pitzer, lawyer from Ohio and neophyte producer, bought rights, commissioned script and hired crew for sequel of famed 1969 film Easy Rider; has gone to court to get project moving again after film's original producers told him he had no rights to make sequel; photo (M)")('2006031', "UCLA defeats Alabama University, 62-59, in second round of men's NCAA tournament; photo (M)")('2006031', "David Orr On Poetry column on first Neglected Masters Award given out by Library of America and Poetry Foundation; recipient is New York poet Samuel Menashe, whose book New and Selected Poems is being published by Library as part of prize's mandate; photo (M)")('2006031', 'Tony Oursler, video artist, talks about his collection of late-19th-century and early-20th-century works on color theory, spiritualism, mesmerism and illusionism; photos (M)')('2006031', 'Charlotte Bobcats player Emeka Okafor, out for season with tendonitis, recalls his NCAA tournament years with Connecticut University (M)')('2006031', 'News analysis: theories abound as to why five-term Newark, NJ, Mayor Sharpe James has not put himself on ballot with mayoral election only weeks away; most popular explanation is that James, now 70, is simply undecided, but some people say he is taking his time because he feels especially confident; campaign of opponent Cory Booker holds inaction is sign of weakness and predict that James will withdraw from race; photo (M)')('2006031', "Brookhaven National Laboratory assistant director James Tarpinian says some samples of asphalt and soil show stretch of slightly radioactive pavement at main gate show slightly elevated levels of thorium; says thorium, naturally occurring trace metal, is apparently from aggregate used to build road in 1960's and poses no health danger (S)")('2006031', 'Book Review editors introduce Alan Brinkley review of Kevin Phillips book American Theocracy: The Peril and Politics of Radical Religion, Oil, and Borrowed Money in the 21st Century (S)¿')('2006031', 'Excellus Health Plan study forecasts that 69 percent of all 65-year-olds will need long-term care and that half of those now turning 65 will face no out-of-pocket expenses; finds 6 percent, even those investing $100,000, will not be covered; chart (S)')('2006031', 'Kate Stone Lombardi article on pros and cons that suburban Connecticut homeowners must consider in weighing whether or not to sell homes that have appreciated considerably during current hot market; besides emotional attachments, big questions are, where to go and would it make financial sense to sell; photos (Special Issue: Where We Live) (M)')('2006031', "Mary E Fellows letter supports Sen Russell Feingold's call to censure Pres Bush")('2006031', 'Debra West Cross Westchester column; North Salem Town Board is considering proposal by developer Edward Kelly for 62-room Marriott Hotel on Route 22 just south of Hamlet of Croton Falls; Reckson Associates Realty Corp will receive $4.9 million in tax breaks from Westchester County Industrial Development Agency to build 280,000-square-foot office tower in Rye Brook; Federal District Judge William Conner rules that Mamaroneck Zoning Board violated federal religious land-use law by denying Orthodox Jewish school, Westchester Day School, permission to build addition on its property (M)')('2006032', 'I had a great reason to go home on leave during my tour here. Not only did I want to see my wife and daughter, but I had to meet my newborn son! He was delivered a couple of weeks early, so my carefully planned and approved leave schedule missed the target. I was not [...]')('2006032', "James Cramer fell in love with a new company Monday night: Tim Hortons, the largest fast-food chain in Canada, which is about to be spun off from Wendy's International. (That was the doing of activist investor Nelson Peltz, who struck a deal with Wendy's to give up his proxy fight in exchange for a spin-off [...]")('2006032', 'The fact that Cory Booker has raised $4 million gets tossed around rather casually these days. This is understandable. In 2002, driven by a frenzy of national media coverage, Mr. Booker established himself as a fundraising phenomenon, outpacing the efforts of the better-established incumbent by drawing from traditionally donor-heavy zip codes outside of Newark in [...]')('2006032', "Let's see if this makes sense. You are a homeowner and you are in over your head in debt. You'd consider bankruptcy, but you'd fail the means test for Chapter 7 protection from creditors and so you'd have to file for a Chapter 13 repayment plan. The Providence (Rhode Island) Business Journal takes note of [...]")('2006032', 'This has got to be the worst way to finance your home, but apparently it happens in Viet Nam. According to the Thahn Nien News.com (and a tip of the hat to Money and Markets, a goldbug Website, for spotting this one), you buy a home with the promise to repay a certain amount in [...]')('2006032', "Although supply-side economists are among the strongest supporters of President Bush's tax cuts, they have been strangely silent on two key ways in which the cuts were completely contrary to supply-side theory. First, many of the most important elements of the tax cuts were phased in over time. Supply-siders have long argued that this is [...]")('2006032', 'An appeals court has overturned the conviction of Frank P. Quattrone, the former star technology banker, on obstruction of justice charges. In its ruling, the three-judge panel of the Second Circuit Court of Appeals agreed to grant Mr. Quattrone a new trial. The decision, handed down Monday, is a rare reversal of a jury verdict [...]')('2006032', 'Have you ever seen a race with no candidates? Sharpe James\'s challenger, Cory Booker - who has, until now, looked extremely busy in waging what amounts to a one-man campaign - briefly disappeared today. His web page, usually kept impeccably up-to-date, showed no public events, and provided no other clue to his whereabouts. "That was [...]')('2006032', 'Majority election proposals, intended to raise the bar for corporate directors seeking re-election, are not getting much traction so far this proxy season. Three such proposals were defeated last week: They failed at Analog Devices, Ciena and Hewlett-Packard. Each of these votes was closely watched because all three companies had already adopted "director resignation policies." [...]')('2006032', 'Readers respond to Bob Herbert\'s March 20 column, "Illogical Cutbacks on Cancer." Louis J. Bruno, White Plains, N.Y.: Several years after early screening, a mammography, chemo and radiation, my wife is leading a full and productive life, although she had an aggressive, difficult to treat cancer. We\'re very grateful for the excellent health coverage that [...]')('2006032', 'Readers respond to David Brooks\'s Mar. 19 column, "All Politics is Thymotic": Bob Rennick, Colorado Springs, Colo.: David, you\'ve hit the mark by highlighting the fundamental thymotic motivation. Most disputes endure because of mutual disrespect. Your next step is to be clear about what people want to be recognized for. Nancy Fritz, Chicago: You\'re onto [...]')('2006032', 'The private equity arm of J.P. Morgan Chase has agreed to invest in sandwich chain Quiznos, but the announcement, made Monday, was lean on details. Quiznos said J.P. Morgan Partners would become a "significant ownership partner" in the company, which is now controlled by by Rick Schaden and his father, Dick Schaden. The franchiser did [...]')('2006032', 'The idea that George W. Bush has been "spending like a drunken sailor" on domestic programs is in danger of becoming one of those factoids that everybody knows to be true, regardless of the evidence. (Sort of like the idea that John McCain, the third most conservative member of the Senate, is a moderate.) But [...]')('2006032', 'Readers respond to Paul Krugman\'s Mar. 20 column, "Bogus Bush Bashing" John Lipsius, Clinton, Mass.: I\'m puzzled by your seeming naiveté about rightists having epiphanies. No such thing. Mostly, I believe they\'re just trying to establish bona fides ahead of disaster. Right, now let\'s stop trusting anything these people say when it resonates as dangerous. [...]')('2006032', "In what would be Europe's largest buyout fund ever, private equity giant Permira Advisers is seeking to raise 8.5 billion euros ($10.3 billion) in fresh capital for takeovers. The latest fund, which is Permira's fourth, was revealed when SVG Capital, an investor in private equity funds, said it would commit 2.8 billion euros to the [...]")('2006032', "Bursting with funding and hungry for deals, private equity firms will continue to run laps around nonfinancial acquirers, also known strategic buyers. That is Monday's reaction from Jeff Matthews Is Not Making This Up, a Wall Street blog, to the news that Michaels Stores has hired J.P. Morgan to help consider a sale of the [...]")('2006032', 'In this lesson, students will consider public opinion about the war in Iraq, then research different aspects of the war and create annotated scales illustrating how these aspects have changed since the war began in 2003.')('2006032', 'It may only be March, but the impressive quarterly results recently reported by Goldman Sachs, Lehman Brothers and Bear Stearns have already raised expectations about 2006 bonuses, according to the financial Web site Here Is the City. Taken together, all this means that 2006 looks like being a bumper year for bonuses. Staff at Goldman [...]')('2006032', 'A small number of Washington commentators and publications possess outsize influence in the so-called "media primary" that is, along with the "money primary" and the "famous/important staffer primary," one of the early markers of presidential campaign success. Last year, a man most Americans have probably never heard of - Sen. George Allen of Virginia - [...]')('2006032', "After a 2004 restructuring failed to remove enough debt from its balance sheet, tabletop flatware maker Oneida has turned to bankruptcy protection for relief. Oneida's Chapter 11 petition, filed Sunday in New York, came with a proposed reorganization plan that would give all of its new stock to holders of $80 million in second-lien secured [...]")('2006032', 'The mayoral election in Newark four years ago brought to the surface a volcanic national debate over the state of black politics in America. It was a race between two Democrats, two African-Americans, and yet what emerged was a cavernous divide between two vastly different visions of the past, present and future of the black [...]')('2006032', "In the Wall Street Journal, Fred Barnes, the executive editor of The Weekly Standard, suggests that George W. Bush can revitalize his presidency by shuffling the key members of his cabinet. Barnes's complicated job-switcheroo would require Bush to name a new vice president, secretary of state, defense secretary, treasury secretary, press secretary, chief of staff, [...]")('2006032', "An affiliate of General Electric announced on Monday that it would buy SBS Technologies for $16.50 a share, representing a fat 55 percent premium above the target's stock price at the close of trading Friday. The offer price was also well above SBS Technologies' 52-week high of $12.51, reached in January. G.E. said the overall [...]")('2006032', 'It took only 20 minutes for media-savvy real estate magnate Donald Trump to announce his latest achievement on the public airwaves. Mr. Trump announced the birth of his fifth child, an as-yet-unnamed baby boy, Monday morning in a telephone interview with MSNBC\'s "Imus in the Morning." The Gothamist helpfully observes that the newest Trump is [...]')('2006032', "Though it is better known as an Internet services and security company, VeriSign has been spending heavily to bolster the content management side of its business. The latest example is VeriSign's agreement to acquire privately held m-Qube, which makes software for delivering digital content to mobile phones. The deal, announced early Monday, is valued at [...]")('2006032', 'A recent agreement to acquire Bayou Steel has TheStreet.com\'s Jim Cramer speculating that the steel sector is ripe for more takeover activity. An affiliate of hedge fund Black Diamond said Friday it would buy Bayou Steel for $75 per share, prompting Mr. Cramer, appearing on CNBC\'s "Stop Trading" segment, to name AK Steel, U.S. Steel [...]')('2006032', "The recent uptick in software-industry mergers and acquisitions is expected to continue into 2006, according to a UBS Securities research report highlighted in Barron's. As the software market matures and growth slows, there are likely to be more deals in which acquirers aim to pick up market share or buy access to new customers, UBS [...]")('2006032', "Michaels Stores, the arts and crafts retail chain, said on Monday that it was exploring a sale of the company, which had a market value of $4.5 billion as of Friday's close. The company said in a statement that it had hired J.P. Morgan Chase as an adviser. Michaels also said that R. Michael Rouleau [...]")('2006032', "Shares of Prudential of Britain surged as much as 14 percent on Monday on optimism that its larger rival Aviva will increase a $29.7 billion takeover offer. Prudential rejected the all-stock offer on Saturday. But Aviva's chief executive, Richard Harvey, said in an interview on Monday that the company had no plan to raise the [...]")('2006032', 'The first town ever auctioned on eBay soon will be back up for sale on the online auction site. Nearly two years after he bought the tiny town of Bridgeville, Calif., Orange County financial adviser Bruce Krall said Friday he plans to re-auction the hamlet on eBay next month. Bridgeville, a picturesque village with about [...]')('2006032', 'How can shareholders in American companies make directors more accountable? Having the right to kick them off the board is a start. It works in Britain. It might even help rein in runaway executive compensation. Go to Article from Breakingviews »')('2006032', 'The founder of Silicon Valley high-tech company Aptix has been convicted of charges related to obstructing justice, perjury and witness tampering, but a federal jury cleared him of an allegation that he plotted to murder a San Francisco federal judge. After a monthlong trial in federal court in San Francisco, a jury late Wednesday convicted [...]')('2006032', 'A judge has ruled that Tweedy Browne can pursue more than $5 million in legal fees from Hollinger International for its role in an investigation that led to the ouster of former Conrad Black as chairman and chief Executive. Go to Article from The Chicago Tribune »')('2006032', 'A federal judge ruled on Friday that Google must turn over some search data including 50,000 Web addresses to the government for a study of child pornography online. But the judge, James Ware of the Federal District Court for Northern California, denied a government request that Google be ordered to hand over keywords that customers [...]')('2006032', 'Shares in the London Stock Exchange climbed more than 4 percent Monday morning, after The Sunday Telegraph reported the London exchange is considering renewing merger talks with pan-European rival Euronext. The exchange plans to use its buoyant share price as a negotiating tool and is also considering a deal with Scandinavian exchange operator OMX, which [...]')('2006032', 'For the first time in a quarter-century, the Supreme Court will hear on Tuesday a case involving the basic question of what type of discoveries and inventions can be patented. Both sides say the case, which involves a blood test for a vitamin deficiency, could have a wide-ranging impact on the development of diagnostics, perhaps [...]')('2006032', "In the wake of its $7.4 billion acquisition of Pixar, the Walt Disney Company has been mum about what role John Lasseter, Pixar's chief creative officer, will play in reviving Disney's storied animation division, except to say that it is a big one. But, giving some hint about what he planned to do in a [...]")('2006032', 'The government heads this week into the home stretch of its case against two former Enron chief executives. Prosecutors will be looking to end on a flourish with the testimony of Ben F. Glisan Jr., the only former top executive who has already been sentenced in the Enron debacle. Mr. Glisan, the former treasurer, is [...]')('2006032', "The Federal Reserve's fight against inflation is taking a bite out of one of Wall Street's biggest money-makers: the $6.5 trillion market for packaging millions of home loans into tradable bonds. Executives at Lehman Brothers and Goldman Sachs said revenue from mortgage bonds in the United States is dropping as rising interest rates depress home [...]")('2006032', "In an example of coporate pay excess, senior managers' windfall on the takeover of North Fork Bancorp was so large they've handed much of it back. But greedy C.E.O.'s and compliant compensation consultants are not to blame for the pay scandal. It's lax directors who should take the rap, according to Breakingviews. Go to Article [...]")('2006032', "Thirty of the Midwest's high-growth and technology companies will outline their business plans for an audience of venture capitalists at the seventh annual InvestMidwest Venture Capital Forum during the first week of April. Go to Article from The St. Louis Business Journal »")('2006032', 'On Friday, for the second time in a year, the founder and chief executive of William Lyon Homes made an unsolicited offer to take the Newport Beach-based real estate developer private. William Lyon, who served as a pilot in the Korean War and later commanded the Air Force Reserve, offered to buy the 51 percent [...]')('2006032', "New Enterprise Associates, one of world's largest venture capital firms and a financial juggernaut that has propelled scores of technology firms into the public spotlight, has wireless upstart Motricity of Durham, N.C., in its crosshairs. New Enterprise Associates is working with Motricity to structure a $340 million buyout of M-Qube Inc., a Masschusetts-based supplier of [...]")('2006032', '"Becoming the chief executive of a big public company is the pinnacle of a business career." As obvious as that statement might have appeared a few years ago, it would today meet with plenty of disagreement-at least from senior executives. These days they are under constant pressure to "meet the numbers" demanded by Wall Street [...]')('2006032', 'The market for high-technology start-up businesses is so intense in Silicon Valley that some companies are being showered with millions of dollars from investors - without even asking for it. It is a phenomenon called "pre-emptive financing," and it has become more common in the past several months. The question is whether venture capitalists are [...]')('2006032', 'The chief executive of the world\'s biggest steel maker Mittal Steel, Lakshmi Mittal said he was really worried by a plan by Arcelor management to spoil his 19 billion euro takeover bid. "The management of Arcelor has an idea to make this transaction fail," Mittal told the Saturday edition of Belgian business daily L\'Echo in [...]')('2006032', "Bangalore has become a hotbed for technology start-ups. The new firms are drawn by the region's big pool of engineering graduates, many of whom have expertise in esoteric new technologies. That advantage, coupled with labor costs much lower than those of Silicon Valley, is starting to turn Bangalore, long a center for lower-end outsourcing services, [...]")('2006032', "Tim Horton shoots. He scores! Well, the IPO of the company Horton founded will score big with investors. The namesake of the quick-service Canadian restaurant chain died in 1974, but Tim Hortons, being spun off by Wendy's, follows the strong debut of Chipotle Mexican Grill. That I.P.O. doubled on the first day of trading and [...]")('2006032', 'Freedom Bank, based in Bradenton, Fla., said it had begun a public offering of 1.2 million shares of stock at $13 a share. The $15 million to $17.2 million offering is expected to close on March 24. After the offering, shares of Freedom Bank will continue to trade on the OTC Bulletin Board under the [...]')('2006032', "Ever since BNP Paribas, France's second-biggest bank by assets, swooped for Italy's Banca Nazionale del Lavoro at the start of last month, Europe's banking halls have been buzzing with rumors about the next move in the long-awaited consolidation of Italian banking. Most of the gossip has centred on a merger of Banca Intesa, Italy's biggest [...]")('2006032', "Breaking with its own corporate policy, St. Paul Travelers Cos. on Sunday denied a report in The Wall Street Journal that it's been in discussions on the possibility of a merger with Zurich Financial Services Group. The St. Paul, Minn.-based property-casualty insurer doesn't ordinarily comment on or respond to rumors or speculation, but in this [...]")('2006032', 'Chinese chip maker Advanced Semiconductor Manufacturing is starting the formal roadshow for its initial public offering today with the aim of raising between $71 million to $97 million. Bank of China International and Goldman Sachs, which are leading the offering, initially planned to take the company public one year ago when it first received the [...]')('2006032', 'Bidz.com filed late Friday to go public, as the online jewelry auctioneer plans to raise up to $57.5 million through the initial public offering of common stock. The Los Angeles-based company, which will apply to list on the Nasdaq stock exchange under the symbol "BIDZ," said ThinkEquity Partners LLC will act as the underwriter of [...]')('2006032', 'The British government wants to privatize Scottish Water in an offering that would raise more than 2 billion pounds for the public purse but could cause a political storm in Scotland. Go to Article from The Telegraph »')('2006032', 'McColl Garella, an investment-banking firm that focused on women-owned businesses, is closing less than four years after being started by Hugh McColl Jr.,the former Bank of America chairman, and investment banker Julie Garella. Go to Article from The Charlotte Business Journal »')('2006032', "Mocking and maligning analysts has been a sport for investors ever since the Internet bubble burst. Still, despite public humiliation for a handful of analysts and a $1.44 billion settlement in 2002 involving 10 Wall Street firms' research operations, investors still read analysts' reports, and they still believe them. The fourth-quarter earnings season, however, was [...]")('2006032', "SBA Communications on Friday agreed to buy AAT Communications for about $1 billion in cash and stock, reacquiring wireless towers in the Western United States that it sold to AAT three years ago. The acquisition of AAT would expand SBA's wireless coverage to 47 of the 48 continental U.S. states. SBC's existing operations are mostly [...]")('2006032', 'Ivan Seidenberg, who created Verizon Communications by merging Nynex with Bell Atlantic and then buying GTE, is known in the telecommunications industry as a chief executive who makes all-or-nothing bets. Now, while AT&T is gobbling up competitors, Mr. Seidenberg is making long bets on advanced wireless services and a top-of-the-line fiber network. Turning Verizon into [...]')('2006032', "In contrasting how Knight Ridder rolled over from Private Capital Management with how Time Warner recently dealt with demands from the financier Carl C. Icahn to break up that company, it may all come down to tactics. What would have happened if Knight Ridder, following Time Warner CEO Richard D. Parsons's lead, had made a [...]")('2006032', "In the wake of Capital One Financial Corp.'s $14.6 billion purchase of North Fork Bancorp for, analysts say they expect Wachovia Corp. to look West for its next acquisition, rather than in the Empire State. North Fork represented one of the last significant buying opportunities in the greater New York market. But analysts note the [...]")('2006032', "Lawrence K. Fish, chief executive of Citizens Financial Group, earned more than $13 million in salary, bonus, and other incentives last year, more than doubling his compensation of 2004, the Royal Bank of Scotland, Citizen's parent, said in a regulatory filing yesterday. Go to Article from The Boston Globe »")('2006032', 'R.R. Donnelley & Sons , the printing company, is expected to announce it is buying closely held outsourcing company OfficeTiger for $250 million, according to The Wall Street Journal. Go to Article from MarketWatch » Go to Article from Reuters »')('2006032', 'March madness is not limited to college basketball. Billions of dollars in mergers were announced this week, building on the momentum created when AT&T offered to acquire BellSouth for $67 billion earlier in the month. Go to Article from The New York Times »')('2006032', 'When Goldman Sachs reported record quarterly earnings for an investment bank last week, investors were more than just impressed. They faced having to rethink traditional valuations for brokerages altogether. Huge growth in the trading operations of these investment banks, along with an increase in their holdings and operations in Asia and Europe, have dramatically changed [...]')('2006032', "A former UBS broker is stepping up a personal war against Wall Street's latest rampant abuse: eating its own. Evan Cole - the younger brother of designer Kenneth Cole - says he was fired by UBS and blacklisted in a trumped-up nightmare, just to wrest away $50 million of his clients' money and avoid paying [...]")('2006032', 'Brightcove, an emerging company in Internet Protocol TV, has acquired MetaStories, which makes tools to enhance Web video. Go to Article from CNet News.com » Go to Article from The Boston Globe »')('2006032', 'A study by the British stock market regulator found that there may have been insider trading in nearly a third of mergers and acquisitions announced in the country in the last several years. The Financial Services Authority said that between 2000 and 2004, there were price movements suggesting some informed trading in 28.9 percent of [...]')('2006032', 'Infrastructure investors from Britain, Canada and Australia are all circling BAA, the owner of seven U.K. airports including Heathrow and Gatwick, which on Friday rejected an 8.8 billion pound bid approach from Spanish infrastructure company Grupo Ferrovial. Go to Article from The Telegraph »')('2006032', 'Alinta Ltd. made a hostile A$7.06 billion ($5.1 billion) bid for Australian Gas Light Co., the nation\'s largest utility, bypassing directors who dismissed the same offer as too low. But Alinta\'s offer "is not going to go anywhere as it\'s on the same terms as its earlier proposal which the AGL board has already said [...]')('2006032', "Britain's biggest insurer, Aviva, said on Sunday that it would consider this week whether to make a hostile bid for a rival, Prudential, or to raise its offering price after a preliminary approach was rejected. Prudential, Britain's second-biggest insurer, said on Saturday that it had rejected a proposal from Aviva reported to be worth about [...]")('2006032', "Although the nation's law schools for years have been graduating classes that are almost evenly split between men and women, and although firms are absorbing new associates in numbers that largely reflect that balance, something unusual happens to most women after they begin to climb into the upper tiers of law firms. They disappear. According [...]")('2006032', 'On Sunday, the three-year anniversary of the U.S. invasion of Iraq, George Will wrote in his Washington Post column that the current moment is "one of the most dangerous since World War II." The political columnist Joe Klein writes in this week\'s Time magazine that the U.S. effort in Iraq "has been a deadly combination [...]')('2006032', 'Roger Toussaint, president of Transport Workers Union, demands that Metropolitan Transportation Authority agree to second vote on proposed contract agreement between leadership and authority that was reached in after transit strike in December, 2005, but later rejected by union members; authority wants binding arbitration, which union rejects because arbitration decision cannot include agreement to provide estimated $131.7 million in refunds to transit workers who paid too much into pension plans; Toussaint says internal survey shows that two-thirds of union members believe contract would be ratified in second vote; authority continues to dismiss idea of revote; photo (M)')('2006032', "Linda Hirshman letter on Claudia Goldin's March 15 Op-Ed about educated women who drop out of labor market; says nation must face up to gender brain drain and fix it")('2006032', 'Chart discusses prospects for Kentucky Derby; chart (M)')('2006032', 'Edward R4')('2006032', "Letter from TVA chairman Bill Baxter says agency has steadily reduced coal plant emissions for decades; notes EPA data showing that largest contributors to pollution in North Carolina are state's own utilities, industrial plants and motor vehicles")('2006032', "Connecticut University defeats Coppin State University, 77-54, in first round of women's NCAA tournament (S)")('2006032', "Political Memo column on support from New York City Republicans for Nassau County Executive Thomas R Suozzi, Democrat, in bid to defeat fellow Democrat Eliot Spitzer in New York State gubernatorial primary; says Republicans see tough underdog Suozzi as proxy challenger for them against Spitzer and that expensive, bloody battle between Spitzer and Suozzi is main part of Republican playbook to keep governor's seat in party's hands; photos (M)")('2006032', 'Letter from Kris Krane of Students for Sensible Drug Policy calls for new direction in drug policy because increasingly harsh criminal penalties have failed to protect young peoplefrom addiction')('2006032', "Manhattan's James Baldwin High School, partnered with Outward Bound expeditions group, embraces learning model that treats school as hands-on adventure and challenge relying on constant teamwork of teachers and students; Baldwin, with only 82 students, is part of aggressive push by Mayor Michael R Bloomberg to create smaller, more community-oriented high schools throughout city; photos (M)")('2006032', "Murray Bergtraum High School (NYC) girls' basketball team defeats Francis Lewis High School to win Public Schools Athletics League championship (S)\x94")('2006032', 'Murray Chass On Baseball column discusses World Baseball Classic, which will be without most Major League Baseball stars as Cuba prepares to face Japan in final; photos (M)')('2006032', 'Former City Council member Bill Perkins announces that his candidacy in State Senate race has been endorsed by Democratic council members Robert Jackson, Miguel Martinez and Melissa Mark-Viverito (S)')('2006032', "St John's University defeats California University, 78-68, in first round of women's NCAA tournament; photo (M)")('2006032', 'Hasim Rahman may fight Oleg Maskaev in bout for World Boxing Council title (M)')('2006032', "Memphis University defeats Bucknell University, 72-56, in second round of men's NCAA tournament; photo (M)")('2006032', 'Phillip Alder bridge column on deal at Grand Island Regional; diagram (M)')('2006032', 'German national soccer team coach Jurgen Klinsmann, who lives part time in America, prepares team for World Cup; photos (M)')('2006032', "Feral cat colonies thrive along Long Island's South Shore barrier beaches, with volunteers feeding and caring for steady stream of abandoned cats; opponents see feral cats as threat to piping plover, endangered shorebird, and want authorities to remove colonies; both state and federal wildlife officials say their first priority is to protect indigenous species like plovers, not cats; photo (M)")('2006032', "Jen Singer letter says that if women at not opting out of work place, as Claudia Golden claims in March 15 Op-Ed, then who are all the college-educated women volunteering in her children's school")('2006032', "Chester Hartman letter says oversized houses are most obvious symbol of nation's 'obscene' and growing gap between super-rich and rest of us")('2006032', 'Russian novelist Aleksandr I Solzhenitsyn is negotiating for feature film version of his novel Cancer Ward after successful television adaptation of his novel The First Circle (S)')('2006032', "Three-story, $6.9 million glass waterfall is nearing completion inside lobby of Midtown's new Hearst Tower, first skyscraper in Manhattan to be designed by Norman Foster; waterfall, named Ice Falls by Foster, is 27-foot-high, 75-foot-wide glass wall designed to flow 15,000 gallons of rain water, captured on building's rooftop, through lobby each hour; photo (M)")('2006032', 'Residents, worshipers and dignitaries gather to mark restoration of facade of Eldridge Street Synagogue on Lower East Side of Manhattan to its original Moorish, Gothic and Romanesque styles; synagogue was built in 1887 and completion of facade is one of final milestones in full restoration effort that began in 1986; photo (M)')('2006032', "South Korea's surprising success at World Baseball Classic, in which is was ousted in semifinals, boosts national team's profile; photo (M)")('2006032', 'Robin Ingram letter says it may take more time to write letter on beautiful stationery but it feels good to do so, and that letter may become memory to be treasured')('2006032', "Bradley University defeats Pittsburgh University, 72-66, in second round of men's NCAA tournament; photos (M)")('2006032', "Profile of and interview with actress Adrienne Barbeau, who is starring as Judy Garland in Actors' Playhouse production of play The Property Known as Garland, written by her husband Billy Van Zandt; photos (M)")('2006032', 'Four-year-old Ismaldo Cocco, reported missing, is found by livery cab driver; boy went for walk while father slept (S)')('2006032', 'New Jersey Gov Jon S Corzine has worn same color and style of sweater vest since his inauguration in January; some see signature garb as metaphor for his warmth and approachability; photos (M)')('2006032', 'Albert Santana is shot and critically injured at Club Attractions, nightclub in Bedford-Stuyvesant section of Bronx; police are seeking two men who fled scene (S)')('2006032', 'New 54-story Bank of America building at 42nd Street and Sixth Avenue, expected to be completed in 2008, is slowly erasing views of city enjoyed by occupants of 48-story Conde Nast building next door; several workers comment on loss; photos (M)')('2006032', 'Carol J de Wind letter on dedication of military wives who work as volunteers to support troops and their families')('2006032', "Lisa Chipolone Romeo letter on passing of the written letter regrets that her children's generation may never have cache of old, personal letters and cards that she has in keepsake box")('2006032', "George Mason University defeats North Carolina University, 65-60, in second round of men's NCAA tournament; photo (M)")('2006032', "Attorney Thomas Liotti criticizes federal Drug Enforcement Agency for slow response to death threat against lawyers who defend drug traffickers contained in letter that came to light in Colombia; anonymous letter targets 22 lawyers, 7 of whom are in New York, including Liotti; Jodi L Avergun, DEA chief of staff, says threat has been taken seriously and is under investigation by United States Attorney's office in Brooklyn (M)")('2006032', "Lincoln Center's various resident groups have unanimously approved final plans for transformation of West 65th Street; preparatory construction work on $500 million project is set to begin; photo (S)")('2006032', "Boston Bruins and player Brian Leetch prepare to face New York Rangers, Leetch's former team (M)")('2006032', 'Small antiwar protest that moves nearly silently through Midtown Manhattan ends in Times Square, where at least 17 demonstrators are arrested on charges of disorderly conduct after sitting down and blocking traffic; photo (M)')('2006032', 'Dr Amy B Tuteur letter says many educated women do choose responsibilities of family life over demands of careers but not until they have tried to combine both')('2006032', 'Miami Heat defeats New York Knicks, 111-100; photo (M)')('2006032', 'Photo of Tennessee University basketball player Candace Parker in NCAA tournament game')('2006032', 'New York Mets pitcher Jorge Julio looks to regain confidence he had as closer for Baltimore Orioles; photo (M)')('2006032', "Rutgers University defeats Dartmouth College, 63-58, in first round of women's NCAA tournament; photo (M)")('2006032', "Connecticut University defeats Kentucky University, 87-83, in second round of men's NCAA tournament; photo (S)")('2006032', 'Unidentified man is struck by two cars and killed as he walks along Van Wyck Expressway in Jamaica, Queens (S)')('2006032', 'A P Warrior, winner of San Felipe Stakes, will likely go on to Kentucky Derby; photo (M)')('2006032', "City Councilman David I Weprin will reintroduce bill to continue health insurance coverage for spouse or domestic partner of retired city worker after retiree's death (S)")('2006032', 'New Jersey Nets defeat Dallas Mavericks, 100-89; photo (M)')('2006032', "Georgetown University defeats Ohio State University, 70-52, in second round of men's NCAA tournament; photos (M)")('2006032', 'New York Yankees players who participated in World Baseball Classic say they tried to persuade pitcher Roger Clemens to rejoin Yankees; photo (M)')('2006032', 'Texas University defeats North Carolina State University, 75-54, in second round of NCAA tournament; photo (M)')('2006032', 'Jerry Garrett Autos On Monday/Collectii')('2006032', 'Nancy Wait letter regrets loss of handwritten notes and letters that are form of communication worth preserving')('2006032', 'NBC wins ratings for Friday night with help from its game show Deal or No Deal, which drew 12.31 million viewers; photo (S)2')('2006032', 'Ben Ratliff reviews CDs by band Loose Fur and Glen Kotche (M)')('2006032', 'Nathaniel Frank letter on need to support troops says partners of secretly-gay service members are entirely cut off from formal support services')('2006032', 'Kelefa Sanneh reviews new CD by Kenny Rogers; photo (M)')('2006032', "Contenders for Democratic nomination in race for New York State Attorney General seat say focus on Andrew M Cuomo's campaign finances and poll standings are not reliable predictors of victory this far from September primary; former New York City Public Advocate Mark Green is ahead of other five candidates in polls and only 6 percentage points behind Cuomo, with 38% of voters undecided; photos (M)")('2006032', 'Elizabeth Rose letter suggests statistics show large dropoff between women who opt out of workplace and men who do so')('2006032', "Jon Pareles Critic's Notebook on scene at 20th annual South by Southwest Music convention; event is largest music-business convention in United States and emphasizes live showcases; photos (M)")('2006032', "Asher Ben-Mordcha HaNasir letter says Claudia Golden's March 15 Op-Ed about educated women in work force reaffirms individual decision-making")('2006032', "Villanova University defeats Arizona University, 82-78, in second round of men's NCAA tournament; photo (M)")('2006032', 'Andrea Stewart-Cousins, Westchester County legislator, announces she will run again for State Senate seat held by Nicholas A Spano; she ran for seat in 2004 in challenge that led to lengthy recount of ballots and lost by 18 votes (S)')('2006032', 'Jon Pareles reviews new CD by Prince; photo (M)')('2006032', 'Cuba insists no one from baseball team defected during World Baseball Classic (M)')('2006032', 'Photo of Miami Heat win over New York Knicks')('2006032', "The writer reflects on the Marine Corps' Combat Art Collection and his daughter.")('2006032', 'Not all the news coming out of flood-ravaged New Orleans is dreary. According to an article in the Times-Picayune, a woman doing volunteer work in New Orleans discovered a treasure buried behind the walls of home in the Arabi section of the city. As Trista Wright dragged a rake through the dusty pile of moldy [...]')('2006032', 'What is a great - make that fabulous - place to retire? Inman News (subscription required) discusses the book "50 Fabulous Places to Retire in America, Third Edition." It notes that most places are in the Sunbelt, though three, surprisingly, are in Alaska. Annoyingly, Inman provides no list of the Fabulous 50. For that, you [...]')('2006032', 'Noting how difficult it can be to score reservations at some new restaurants, several readers have written to ask if I somehow get to take a pass on that tedious process - if I have special shortcuts, or pull strings, or use my real name, or at least have someone else take charge of the process for me.')('2006032', "Clearing the way for Citigroup's long-anticipated changing of the guard, the board has elected Charles Prince to succeed Sandy Weill as chairman. Though it was thoroughly expected, the board's approval puts an official stamp on a process that has been in motion since 2003, when Mr. Weill hand-picked Mr. Prince to take over his role [...]")('2006032', "(Dith Pran/The New York Times) Was it illegal for Mayor Sharpe James to pedal his petitions to the City Clerk's office on a police bicycle? Several readers have suggested just that, and since the use of public property for politicking caught the eye of Newark '06 as well, we decided to investigate. Turns out, the [...]")('2006032', "It may be looking at Listerine, but Colgate-Palmolive has made up its mind about Tom's of Maine. Colgate said Tuesday it would pay $100 million for an 84 percent stake in privately held Tom's, adding a line of preservative-free toothpaste, soap and shaving cream to its vast array of consumer products. In a press release, [...]")('2006032', 'In this lesson, students will conduct independent research on product claims made by various cold/flu/cough medicine companies to test the validity of their claims from a scientific perspective.')('2006032', 'Mayor Sharpe James continues to be coy about his intention to run for a record sixth term but, as far as Newark06 is concerned, he is in the race until he says otherwise. So, starting with the basics of political reporting, how much is mayoral candidate James worth? Hard to figure. It is well known [...]')('2006032', 'With its stock surging more than 10 percent on Tuesday, Jones Apparel Group confirmed a report that it was exploring a possible sale of the company. Shares of Jones Apparel shot up more than 12 percent by midday Tuesday. Jones Apparel, which makes Anne Klein clothes and owns the upscale retailer Barneys New York, said [...]')('2006032', 'Regulators at the NASD are in the early stages of an investigation into initial public offerings of "blank check" companies, according to TheStreet.com. Drawing special attention in the inquiry is EarlyBirdCapital, a New York firm that has been either the lead underwriter or co-manager on about half of the 47 blank-check I.P.O.\'s to come to [...]')('2006032', 'Former vice president turned journalism professor turned MoveOn speechmaker turned documentary filmmaker Al Gore said yesterday that he doesn\'t plan to run for president again, but he\'s not ruling it out, either: "I haven\'t reached a stage in my life where I\'m willing to say I will never consider something like this. But I\'m not [...]')('2006032', "Just a few weeks after hiring a top leveraged-finance executive away from Citigroup, Morgan Stanley has gone back to poach two more managing directors. Morgan Stanley said Tuesday that Citi's Whitner Marshall and Kevin Sisson have agreed to join its leveraged finance group, whose services include structuring and originating loans used to fund acquisitions. The [...]")('2006032', 'Bruce Reed, president of the Democratic Leadership Council and Slate\'s "The Has-Been" blogger, writes about President Bush\'s role in shaping last night\'s World Baseball Classic final between Japan and Cuba. Back in January, at Major League Baseball\'s behest, Bush personally intervened with the Treasury Department to grant the Cuban team a waiver to play in [...]')('2006032', "Bill Gross, whose Internet incubator Idealab famously burned through $800 million in eight months during the technology boom, is looking for money again. This time, he wants cash from his own company to repay a $50 million personal loan. The Los Angeles Times reports that Idealab's board has already approved the payout, which Mr. Gross [...]")('2006032', 'Forbes.com is running a little slide show that purports to tell when to sell in a number of major cities. The advice for most places is sell, except in Phoenix. – DAMON DARLIN')('2006032', 'The Big Picture runs through an analysis of why mortgages resetting to a higher interest rate is nothing to worry about. He does however amass a lot of evidence–and loads of charts–that Americans inability to refinance will be killing consumer spending. Back of the envelope math on the $2 Trillion worth of Mortgage Resets works [...]')('2006032', 'There is a lot that Jack Byrne and his son, Overstock.com chief executive Patrick, cannot agree on. But the elder Mr. Byrne, who recently said his son\'s crusade against short-selling hedge funds might drive him to step down as Overstock.com\'s chairman, claims that the press has overblown the rift between the two. "This is not [...]')('2006032', 'Telenor, the Norwegian mobile phone operator, offered Monday to sell its Ukrainian telecommunications business to a Russian company for $5 billion in cash. The deal was the latest move in an intricate commercial duel between Telenor and Alfa, a Russian holding company. The two began as partners and are now fighting for control of companies [...]')('2006032', "Aviva's bid for Prudential of Britain aroused speculation Monday that consolidation would again sweep the insurance industry, sending stock prices up in Europe. A new wave of consolidation in the insurance industry would be welcome after several years of deal drought, investors and analysts said. During the early and mid-1990's, consolidation among European insurers was [...]")('2006032', "Japanese Internet giant Softbank threatened to walk away from talks to buy Vodafone's Japanese business if Vodafone spoke to any of the private equity firms also interested in buying it. Softbank's chief executive, Masayoshi Son, is understood to have told Arun Sarin of Vodafone that he would pull out of the talks if Mr. Sarin [...]")('2006032', "Bank of America 's chief executive, Ken Lewis, received $22 million in compensation in 2005, a 3 percent cut from the previous year, the company's proxy shows. The bank paid Mr. Lewis a $1.5 million salary, $5.65 million bonus, $11.7 million of restricted stock and $2.93 million of stock options. Lewis, 58, also received about [...]")('2006032', "Banco Bradesco, Brazil's largest private sector bank, said on Monday it had agreed to buy American Express' operations in Brazil for $490 million. Go to Article from Reuters » Go to Article from The Washington Post »")('2006032', 'Tim Hortons is raising the price of its stock and granting its underwriters the option to buy more shares when the company goes public this week. Tim Hortons shares will likely be priced between $25 and $27 a share, up from $21 to $23 a share, the company said late Monday. Go to Article from [...]')('2006032', 'While most technology companies make money by developing software, building hardware or providing services, Forgent Networks has taken a different route: It produces threats and lawsuits that try to cash in on ideas. Forgent and other companies with similar strategies - often called "patent trolling" by critics - amass intellectual property portfolios and file suits [...]')('2006032', "Too much Massachusetts pension money is going into risky hedge funds, said secretary of state William Francis Galvin, putting himself at odds with state treasurer Timothy P. Cahill, who has praised the funds' strong returns. Mr. Galvin singled out the growing hedge fund stakes held by the Massachusetts Pension Reserves Investment Trust, whose board Cahill [...]")('2006032', 'Google co-founder Larry Page is an icon among Internet entrepreneurs, but his older brother Carl is no slouch either when it comes to technology start-ups. The elder Mr. Page, who founded eGroups in 1997 and sold it to Yahoo three years later, has just raised money for his latest venture, Handheld Entertainment. In fact, Handheld [...]')('2006032', "The former head of jet fuel trader China Aviation Oil (Singapore) was sentenced to four years and three months in prison on Tuesday for his role in the city-state's biggest trading scandal since the collapse of Barings Bank in 1995. Go to Article from Reuters »")('2006032', 'Sirius Satellite Radio has reached agreements with three major recording companies to settle disputes over a portable music player that allows users to store digital copies of music, a Sirius spokesman said Monday. Financial details were not disclosed. Go to Article from The New York Times »')('2006032', "Ventech, a French venture capital firm, has begun raising its third fund seeking 150 million euros (about $180 million), with a first close of 80 million euros expected in June. The Paris firm's debut fund closed in 1999 with 61 million euros; its second pool of capital closed the following year with 112 million euros. [...]")('2006032', "A federal judge found the former chief executive of Gemstar-TV Guide, Henry C. Yuen, liable for securities fraud, according to a ruling unsealed on Monday in a federal regulatory lawsuit that claimed Mr. Yuen inflated the company's revenue by $248 million to increase its stock. Go to Article from The New York Times » Go [...]")('2006032', "Enron tried to dodge accounting rules by dropping a plan to sell assets in a failed water business, a former Arthur Andersen accountant said on Monday at the trial of two former Enron executives. John R. Sult, who oversaw the books on Enron's Azurix water venture for Andersen, said Enron sought to avoid a write-down [...]")('2006032', "At its annual shareholder meeting, Hewlett-Packard management found itself surrounded by shareholders angry about the Hyatt Regency Century Plaza's unglamorous parking charges: $8 for the first hour, $2 for each additional hour. Shareholders fuming about their $12 parking fees said they never had to pay for parking at shareholder meetings before. The audience of 110 [...]")('2006032', 'An investor group including Providence Equity Partners and a Goldman Sachs affiliate has agreed to buy hotel-resort owner Kerzner International for $3.6 billion, including assumed debt. Bahamas-based Kerzner, which operates the One & Only hotel chain and the luxurious water slide-crazy Atlantis Resorts property, will go for about $76 per share, or an 8 percent [...]')('2006032', "President Bush's newest selections to join the country's federal energy regulator appear intended to appeal to the agency's main, often opposing, constituencies. On one side is Washington lobbyist Phillip D. Moeller, who gets high marks from the power companies he has served for years. On the other is Jon Wellinghoff, a former consumer advocate and [...]")('2006032', "Delphi's bankruptcy has become a scalding witch's brew that has engulfed General Motors and the United Automobile Workers. It has also splashed over other auto parts suppliers that followed Delphi into Chapter 11. G.M. has been particularly singed. The company's disclosure last week of inaccurate accounting, which forced it to increase its 2005 loss and [...]")('2006032', "A buyout group led by Fieldston Investors has acquired kitchen cabinet maker Regal Kitchens for less than $30 million in equity and debt. C3 Capital Partners LP, Capital South Partners LLC and Bush O'Donnell Capital Partners LLC provided just under $15 million in equity and subordinated debt for the deal, with each firm committing about [...]")('2006032', 'Asprey International, newly minted parent of the Asprey and Garrard brands, has sold 100 percent of Garrard to the Yucaipa Companies for an undisclosed price. The spin-off comes just three days after the purchase of Asprey and Garrard by Sciens Capital Management LLC and Plainfield Asset Management LLC in a management buyout. Go to Article [...]')('2006032', 'SVG Capital, the British private equity investor and fund management business, has made the largest single commitment – to any fund by any limited partner – to the new fund being raised by Permira. SVG, which has long had a close relationship with the firm, said it committed 2.8 billion euros ($3.4 billion) to the [...]')('2006032', "Virgin Group, run by flamboyant British billionaire Sir Richard Branson, is eyeing a takeover of health club chain Bally Total Fitness as a way to grow its Virgin fitness club business in the United States The New York Post reported. Executives at Branson's health club unit, Virgin Active, have been examining Bally's financial reports and [...]")('2006032', 'International Monetary Systems has received a commitment for an additional $1.2 million in funding from the same private investors who provided the company with more than $1 million last year. The commercial barter services company will use the proceeds to finance its continued growth through acquisitions. Go to Article from The Milwaukee Business Journal »')('2006032', 'Vayusa, which offers a service called MobileLime that lets grocery stores market to customers via mobile text messaging, has raised a $10 million Series A round of funding to help it expand westward in new United States markets. The round was led by Oak Investment Partners, with participation from SeaPoint Ventures and Ignition Partners. While [...]')('2006032', "Temasek Holdings, Singapore's state-owned investment company, raised $1.2 billion by selling shares in Singapore Telecommunications, giving the fund cash to expand overseas. Temasek sold 770 million shares at S$2.66 each, 5 percent less than the closing price yesterday, the fund said in a statement today. Go to Article from Bloomberg News »")('2006032', "Insight, the fund management division of HBOS, is planning to float British Land, Britain's biggest buy-to-let property fund, The Times of London said. The company run by Duncan Owen is considering injecting a 300 million pound residential portfolio that it acquired from British Land, with a further 200 million pounds of assets that it owns [...]")('2006032', "The I.P.O. propsectus is the stock market's Breathalyzer: Its reading can tell you whether executives and investors in a company are operating under the influence of some reality-distorting substance, according to TheStreet.com's Kevin Kelleher. And there are some hearty fumes coming off the prospectus from Acquicor Technology, a company founded by Gil Amelio, best remembered [...]")('2006032', 'Microsoft has confirmed that it plans to buy Vexcel, a maker of remote sensors, to help expand Microsoft\'s digital mapping efforts. In a statement on Monday, Microsoft said the pending deal would help it with its efforts "to deliver a dynamic immersive digital representation of the real world that provides the best local search and [...]')('2006032', "One striking aspect of last week's blowout quarterly investment bank results was how much of Wall Street's earnings these days are driven by the alternative investment juggernaut. If the revenues generated by private equity and hedge fund customers and their own alternative investment and merchant banking activities are added up, the resulting percentage–roughly 20-25 percent [...]")('2006032', 'Shareholders of Jefferson-Pilot voted overwhelmingly Monday morning to approve a proposal that will merge the the Greensboro, N.C., company into the Lincoln Financial Group and relocate the headquarters to Philadelphia. Go to Article from The Triad Business Journal »')('2006032', "Micron Technology's $680 million purchase of Lexar Media hit a stumbling block after Elliott Associates took a 6.5 percent stake in Lexar and said it is against the bid. Opposition from Elliott, a New York-based hedge fund, follows signals from billionaire Carl Icahn that he too may resist the transaction. Icahn last week said he [...]")('2006032', "Nissan Motor agreed Tuesday to sell 13 percent of Nissan Diesel to Swedish auto company Volvo, which said the deal was worth $196 million. Nissan, Japan's second-largest automaker, is the top shareholder of Nissan Diesel, with a roughly 19-percent stake in the truck maker, the nation's fourth-largest. Go to Article from Newsday »")('2006032', 'Houston software company Welcom has been purchased by a Virginia competitor for an undisclosed price. Deltek, a private software firm of nearly 900 employees, acquired Welcom to expand its overseas markets and add to its customer base, said Kevin Parker, president and CEO of the Herndon, Va.-based company. Go to Article from The Houston Chronicle [...]')('2006032', 'For all the changes made by Morgan Stanley\'s John Mack in his first nine months as chief executive officer, shares of the firm still trail their Wall Street peers. "The jury is still out as far as the turnaround process," said Benjamin Wallace, who helps manage $500 million at Grimes & Company, a Morgan Stanley [...]')('2006032', 'David Bermingham, one of the three former NatWest bankers fighting extradition to the United States, responded to the defense of the Extradition Act by Andy Burnham, Home Office minister, in an letter in The Daily Telegraph last week. Go to Article from The Telegraph »')('2006032', 'Twelve Knight Ridder newspapers are up for sale, including Silicon Valley\'s hometown paper, The San Jose Mercury News. Now, former Mercury News columnist Dan Gillmor is advocating a new plan: Yahoo should buy the paper, along with some others in the chain, "to turn the Bay Area–far and away the best place for this in [...]')('2006032', "Sears Holdings extended its offer to March 31 for investors to tender their shares after its $835-million takeover bid for subsidiary Sears Canada Inc. fell short. Should the offer not succeed, Sears Holdings warned it would support cutting Sears Canada's quarterly dividends and extraordinary distributions to shareholders this year. Go to Article from The Globe [...]")('2006032', "Potential buyers are knocking on Pfizer's door for its $10 billion consumer products division, and people are scratching their heads over what the company plans to do once its gets its hands on the money. The truth is that Pfizer isn't exactly strapped for cash. This means that Pfizer already has the means to acquire [...]")('2006032', "Two of Britain's oldest and largest investment trusts are set to merge creating a 2.7 billion pound giant that could soon be knocking on the door for entry to the FTSE 100 index of top companies. The Dundee-based Alliance and Second Alliance will seek approval from 60,000 private investors for the merger. Go to Article [...]")('2006032', "The board of Jones Apparel Group is said to be exploring several strategic options – including a possible sale of the entire $5 billion company, according to Women's Wear Daily. Market rumblings that the company may be exploring a sale have circulated for several months, but recently have gained momentum, culminating last week in intensified [...]")('2006032', 'The Dubai government delayed the $1.2 billion purchase of a military-equipment maker, the second time in a month that a takeover by the Middle East emirate has been jeopardized by U.S. security concerns. Dubai International Capital , owned by the government of the Persian Gulf emirate, said it will delay its acquisition of Doncasters Group [...]')('2006032', "BAE Systems of Britain, Europe's largest defense contractor, has denied it had plans to bid for L-3 Communications Holdings of the United States or to sell its stake in plane maker Airbus, after The Guardian reported BAE was mulling a $10 billion offer for L-3. Go to Article from Reuters » Go to Article from [...]")('2006032', "As prosecutors consider the possibility of trying Frank Quattrone for a third time, many pundits on the Internet and elsewhere are saying, in essence: Hang it up. The early commentary on the appeals court's decision to throw out the conviction of Mr. Quattrone, once a star investment banker at Credit Suisse, seems to lean heavily [...]")('2006032', 'Donelson Hoopes, curator and authority on 19th- and 20th-century American paintings, dies at age 73 (M)')('2006032', 'Vice Pres Dick Cheney attends Newark, NJ, fund-raiser for Republican gubernatorial candidate Thomas H Kean Jr, who misses Cheney appearance; political observers wonder whether Kean purposely shied away from being seen with Cheney, but Kean blames traffic; photo (M)')('2006032', 'Jill Spelman letter on March 14 article about sleep disorders gives personal advice on how to deal with waking up during night; drawing (S)')('2006032', 'New York State Investigation Commission report calls for requiring anyone convicted of felony or misdemeanor to give DNA sample; backs elimination of statute of limitations in cases where DNA evidence is found; recommends inclusion of civil liberties protections; legislation was passed in State Senate but has stalled in Assembly over lack of civil liberties safeguards (M)')('2006032', 'Dorlene Kaplan letter lauds proposal to charge for sending e-mails, adding that anyone who thinks e-mail is free now does not value time spent deleting spam')('2006032', 'Jane E Brody Personal Health column discusses lung cancer risk for nonsmoker; discusses various causes of lung cancer and importance of early detection; drawing (M)')('2006032', 'Marketers turn focus to advertising method known as engagement; aim to improve depth of consumer experience above levels achieved through traditional ads; industry discusses levels of engagement at annual convention of Advertising Research Foundation in effort to create measurement methods; many companies plan to reach consumers wherever they may be by offering customized ring tones and other targeted content for cell phones; photo (M)')('2006032', 'Alan Kennedy-Shaffer letter says US should show moral leadership and send military force to stop genocide in Darfur')('2006032', "Memo Pad column; American Express Business Travel says domestic airfare negotiated for corporations hit six-year low in 2005 due to simplified fares and competition; average rose 3 percent in fourth quarter compared with fourth quarter of 2004; is expected to continue to rise throughout year; American Express Global Travel Services survey shows 53 percent of chief financial officers at midsize companies fear increased profit erosion from excessive travel and procurement expenses; may result in stricter supervision of corporate travel policies; Airports Council International reports increase of 6 percent, to 4 billion passengers over 2004; international flights increased 8 percent, to 1.6 billion; five busiest airports were Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta , Chicago O'Hare, Heathrow in London, Haneda in Tokyo and Los Angeles Intl Airport; Virgin Atlantic has been adding more seats to New York-London route over past year; will begin fourth daily flight between Kennedy Intl and Heathrow; JetBlue will introduce two new routes between Kennedy Intl and Pittsburgh Intl and between Kennedy and Jacksonville Intl in Florida (M)")('2006032', "Michael Baigent and Richard Leigh, authors of book The Holy Blood and the Holy Grail who are suing Random House UK over Da Vinci Code author Dan Brown's alleged copyright infringement of their ideas, face harsh questioning from Judge Peter Jones; photos (M)")('2006032', "Prof Fritz Stern letter says blame for Iraq debacle lies with leaders who lived in 'dream world' fabricated by neocons who for years pushed arrogant doctrines of unilateralism and pre-emptive wars")('2006032', 'Experts in geriatric psychiatry say that talk therapies are beneficial for elderly patients suffering from depression despite recent study that suggests antidepressants are important to recovery; hold that antidepressants have many potential side effects that put elderly people at risk of secondary injury like falls; various therapies, including cognitive behavior therapy, discussed (M)')('2006032', "Murray Chass On Baseball column discusses Cuba's loss to Japan in World Baseball Classic final (M)")('2006032', 'Family of Shuk Tse defends her driving after Tse, Douglas Jiang, Kevin Kwan and April Lao are killed when tractor-trailer slams into back of minivan on New York State Thruway near Tuxedo, NY; Tse had stopped minivan in middle of right lane to check flat tire; crash is still under investigation (M)')('2006032', "Duke University men's basketball team prepare to face Louisiana State University in NCAA Round of 16; photo (M)")('2006032', 'David S Wachsman letter says midterm voters have responsibility to make choices based on courses presidents have chosen; notes that without Iraq war, thousands of Americans who are dead or injured would be alive, tens of thousands of Iraqis would be alive and America would not be viewed as cruel aggressor by millions around world')('2006032', 'Witness Burton Kaplan testifies at murder trial of Louis J Eppolito and Stephen Caracappa that immense pressure was placed on him to cooperate against defendants; says about 25 investigators from different agencies urged him to reveal what he knew about Eppolito and Caracappa; Kaplan says that Eppolito and Caracappa worked as hired killers for Luchese crime family (M)')('2006032', "Manhattan College men's basketball team's upset of Maryland University in National Invitation Tournament marks season in which runner-up tournament seems more exciting than in years past (M)")('2006032', 'Photo of musical funeral procession in Manhattan to bid farewell to winter and welcome to spring')('2006032', 'New York City workers at Brooklyn Bridge find vault with cache of provisions for basic survival in event of nuclear attack; supplies were stored by Civil Defense during heightened cold-war tensions; photos (M)')('2006032', "Jack Hassid letter on Mayor Michael Bloomberg standing up for First Amendment recalls his administration's role in shunting antiwar demonstrators to side streets during Republican national convention in New York in 2004")('2006032', 'Transit Workers Union and Metropolitan Transportation Authority wage acrimonious battle over new contract months after New York City transit strike; union objects to recommendation for binding arbitration; union president Roger Toussaint wants MTA to honor second vote on contract rejected by workers in January, but authority says terms of that contract are off table; photo (M)')('2006032', "New York Knicks player Nate Robinson's season has been marked by impressive plays on court, when he plays that is; photo (M)")('2006032', 'Photo of group gathered in Manhattan to remember and pray for Iraq war dead')('2006032', "American Library Association honors librarian John Doe with intellectual freedom prize; 'Doe,' actually Library Connection is Windsor, Conn, is unable to attend ceremony because of provisions of Patriot Act, and continues to be barred from discussing demand by Federal Bureau of Investigation that it turn over patron information under act, which was revised to provide safeguards on civil liberties but remains under fire (M)")('2006032', "Dr Kenneth Zahl letter on March 14 article about medical school practice of 'pimping' students recalls his medical school experience")('2006032', "Susan Lipkins letter on March 14 article about medical school practices suggests that senior doctors refrain from 'pimping' and instead set example of empathy and caring to nuture future doctors")('2006032', "Dist Atty Charles J Hynes letter takes issue with March 16 article's description of Crown Heights case; recalls his role in conviction of Lemrick Nelson for violating civil rights of murder victim Yankel Rosenbaum")('2006032', 'New York Gov George E Pataki notifies sellers of cigarettes on Indian reservations that state will not enforce law taxing tobacco and other goods sold to non-Indians at reservations; budget calls for delaying enforcement for one year; State Assembly has passed budget bill calling for immediate tax collections with wholesalers facing penalties that could include loss of their licenses (M)')('2006032', 'Boldface column; David Spade is in New York promoting second season of The Showbiz Show With David Spade; birth of boy to Melania Trump noted (M)')('2006032', "Anthony Tommasini Critic's Notebook praises 12 hour Wall to Wall Stravinsky marathon at Symphony Space, which featured 55 Stravinsky works performed by 323 participating artists; holds that one reason Stravinsky is not as popular as other composers is that audiences seldom get to hear full range of his work; photos (M)")('2006032', "Aaron Lauchheimer letter takes issue with Timothy Lee's March 16 Op-Ed likening sharing of bandwidth to lending cup of sugar to neighbor")('2006032', 'Q & A column discusses household floor dust, which is often called dust bunnies; drawing (S)')('2006032', "Christopher Elliott Sounding Off column on how companies are increasingly looking for ways to make business travel healthier as health care costs rise; programs educate frequent travelers about healthy lifestyles using online journals, support groups and other technologies for wellness; description of Parksite Group's wellness program run by Com-Psyche Corp; travelers often resist changes related to diet and exercise (M)")('2006032', 'Shawn M Brown is sentenced to 16 years in prison for stealing from elderly Brooklyn homeowners while impersonating city workers (S)')('2006032', "George Mason University men's bask")('2006032', 'Robert H Aland letter says substituting Dirk Kempthorne for Gale Norton as Interior secretary merely replaces one anti-environmentalist ideologue with another')('2006032', 'Richard K Root, American epidemiologist and medical educator, dies at age 68 (M)')('2006032', 'Keith Jackson says he will likely retire as football broadcaster at ABC Sports (S)a')('2006032', 'Prof Ervin Staub letter lauds Nicholas Kristof for calling attention to terrible violence in Darfur and US passivity')('2006032', 'New York City Mayor Michael R Bloomberg names Jonathan Mintz as commissioner of Department of Consumer Affairs (S)')('2006032', "Character of Chef returns on premiere episode of South Park's 10th season, despite departure of Isaac Hayes, who voiced character; there is no word on who will do Chef's voice; photo (S)")('2006032', "Critic's Choice: NewDVD'")('2006032', 'Detroit Tigers defeat New York Yankees, 15-2, in spring training exhibition game (M)')('2006032', 'Mitchell Kapner letter says military decisions on Iraq were made by US officials guided not by reality but by their own myths about how war was going to be won')('2006032', 'New Orleans Hornets prepare to finish season playing in Oklahoma City (Okla), where they will also play next season, while New Orleans (La) rebuilds after Hurricane Katrina; photos (M)')('2006032', 'Dell plans to double size of work force in India to 20,000; is looking for site for its manufacturing unit in country; computer companies are eager to set up manufacturing bases in countries where penetration is low in effort to increase sales; chairman Michael S Dell comments; photo (M)')('2006032', 'Michael Maltenfort letter says paying fees to send e-mail would discourage spam just as effectively as postage discourages junk mail')('2006032', "Howard J Wilk letter on Jane Brody March 14 Personal Health column holds that part of article describing how dog's arthritis improved after taking drugs is not proof of drug's benefits")('2006032', "Chinese regulators issue notice calling for strict controls on television talent shows; seems directly aimed at popular Mongolian Cow Sour Yogurt Supergirl Contest which attracted 400 million viewers and has spawned copycat versions on other networks; show's slightly rebellious nature is significant shift from China's traditional programming; photo (M)")('2006032', "New Jersey Senate approves Gov Jon S Corzine's plan to refinance more than $1.8 billion of state's road fund debt; approval allows Corzine not to have to increase gasoline tax (M)")('2006032', 'Tishman Speyer Properties will convert truck bays at New York Times building into retail space; Tishman Speyer bought building in 2004; photos (M)')('2006032', 'Richard Sandomir TV Sports column discusses local radio broadcasts of NCAA tournament games, which are far more passionate and quirky than national broadcasts (M)')('2006032', 'Kayson Pearson testifies in his own behalf in murder trial; denies involvement in killing of Romona Moore; decision to testify creates strategic choice for his co-defendant Troy Hendrix; men have implicated each other (M)')('2006032', 'Bid for British Insurer Stirs Talk of New')('2006032', 'Daniel Barrett letter says e-mail spam could be eliminated by authenticating senders and auto-rejecting mail that is not recognized')('2006032', "Federal Judge Todd J Campbell orders halt of sales of debut album of rap star Notorious BIG, who died in 1997, after jury determines that song on album includes unauthorized snippet of Ohio Players tune; jury awards $4.2 million in damages to Bridgeport Music and Westbound Records, companies that control Ohio Players' recordings (S)")('2006032', 'PEN American Center is expected to ratify best-selling biographer Ron Chernow as its next president; Chernow will succeed Salman Rushdie, who recommended him for position; Rushdie will become president of PEN World Voices: The New York Festival of International Literature to be held in April; photo (M)')('2006032', 'Producer Martin Richards sues Miramax over profits from movie Chicago; contends deceptive accounting allowed Miramax to understate profits, hurting moviemaking participants but not studio (M)')('2006032', "Sears Holdings extends bid to acquire all of Sears Canada's shares until Mar 31; original proposal was backed by just 9.5 percent of shareholders; Sears Holdings, which owns 63 percent of Canadian retailer, will not increase offer (S)")('2006032', 'New York Rangers defeat Boston Bruins, 5-2; photos (M)6')('2006032', 'Lawyers representing Paul Esposito, who lost both legs in 2003 Staten Island ferry crash, issue news release detailing large settlement, but have to retract it when New York City Law Department issues terse statement refuting terms in press release (M)')('2006032', "Google will introduce financial information service to compete with offerings from Microsoft, Yahoo and other sources; service will provide interactive stock charts focusing on current and historical data; analysts say financial information is simple for Google to organize and present; company will purchase financial information from third parties including Hoover's, Interactive Data, Reuters and Morningstar; faces extremely competitive market (M)")('2006032', 'Gonzagú')('2006032', 'Manhattan store Tekserve helps people whose Apple computers have failed them; photos (M)')('2006032', "Finance minister Palaniapan Chidambaram says India is taking steps to make rupee fully convertible against other global currencies as economy surges; move will allow more foreigners to acquire Indian assets and ease delays in overseas transactions; India is world's second-fastest growing economy after China with expected growth of 8.1 percent this year (M)")('2006032', 'Los Angeles Mayor Antonio R Villaraigosa tours New York City school with Mayor Michael R Bloomberg and meets with school officials to discuss changes in system since Bloomberg takeover; has advocated mayoral takeover of Los Angeles school system and praises results in New York City; photo (M)')('2006032', 'Joe Williams letter says charging for sending e-mails would just force spammers to start paying cost of doing business')('2006032', 'Clyde Haberman NYC column explores reasons for low turnout during weekend of protests in New York as Iraq war enters its fourth year; says lack of draft may explain why war does not appear to have greater impact (M)')('2006032', "Telenor, Norwegian mobile phone operator, offers to sell its Ukrainian telecommunications business Kyivstar to Russia's Alfa Group for $5 billion in cash; offer comes as latest step in long-running duel between Telenor and Alfa, controlled by Russian billionaire Mikhail Fridman; two sides began as partners and are now fighting for control of companies they jointly invested in; at issue is join ownership by Telenor and Alfa in Kyivstar and VimpelCom, second largest cellphone company in Russia; Alfa, through its holding company Altimo, owns 33 percent of VimpelCom and 43 percent of Kyivstar; Telenor holds 26 percent of VimpelCom and 57 percent of Kyivstar (M)")('2006032', "Harvey Araton Sports of The Times column discusses New York Yankees outfielder Hideki Matsui's decision not to play in World Baseball Classic (M)")('2006032', 'New research suggests that routine practice of treating early psychotic episodes in patients with antipsychotics may not be best long-term choice; holds that lesser treatment for schizophrenia or therapy combined with moderate treatment may do better job of alleviating suffering for those with mild psychosis; study, conducted by John Bola, University of Southern California assistant social work professor, reviews six long-term studies involving 623 people with symptoms of psychosis; finds that groups given medication and those without drugs faired equally well; some doctors criticize study, saying that psychotic state is crisis and without swift treatment patients may harm themselves or others; photo (M)')('2006032', "New York Mets outfielder Xavier Nady comes from long line of 'Xaviers,' and became first major leaguer with name beginning with an X to hit home run in 2003 (M)")('2006032', 'Peter McFadden letter on March 14 article about pregnancy suggests that carrying baby has healthy benefits for women even after baby is born')('2006032', 'Bonnie Taub-Dix letter on Jane Brody March 14 Personal Health column about dieting agrees that moderation is key to good diet')('2006032', 'University of Oregon scientists announce they have developed method of moving liquids in controlled direction, including uphill; diagram illustrates process (M)')('2006032', 'Japan defeats Cuba, 10-6, to win first World Baseball Classic; photos (M)l')('2006032', 'Joseph Bova, versatile actor, dies at age 81; photo (M)')('2006032', 'Oracle Corp reports 42 percent increase in quarterly profit; earnings were $765 million, up from $540 million year earlier; sales were $34.7 billion in third quarter ending Feb 28, up 18 percent from $2.95 billion last year; co-president and chief financial officer Safra A Catz comments (M)')('2006032', 'NFL commissioner Paul Tagliabue says he will retire this summer after 16 years in office; photo (M)')('2006032', 'Ralph Baskett letter says liberation of Iraq and its progress toward sound social order have gone better than perceptive observer could have reasonably hoped')('2006032', "Inca Uyo in Chucuito, Peru, is apparently not ancient fertility site locals have claimed it to be; structure's wall of large interlocking stones was authenticated in 1950's, but although large phallic objects inside are ancient and come from area, they were artificially arranged to suggest fertility site; these facts and numerous exposes by media have not squelched blend of archaeology, entrepreneurship and imagination that has made obscure town lure for tourists; photos (M)")('2006032', 'Joe Sharkey On The Road column on customer loyalty toward airlines; holds that airlines are alienating frequent fliers in order to raise fares and save money; says that loyalty is no longer sensible; uses Web sites such as Orbitz, Travelocity and Expedia to book flights; Flyertalk.com discusses deterioration of elite-status programs; drawing (M)')('2006032', 'Michiko Kakutani reviews books Decade of Ni8')('2006032', "It wasn't long ago that hand-written letters from deployed service members were like gold to their families at home, and vice-versa. News traveled at a snail's pace, and the information a service member read in correspondence with his loved ones was sure to be weeks if not months old. The information age has changed all [...]")('2006032', 'At the TriBeCa seafood restaurant the other night, I had an entrée I loved. It was advertised as a prime rib of swordfish, and it was a roughly 16-ounce cut, bone attached, that measured between three and four inches in thickness.')('2006032', "Two high-ranking bankers have reportedly left Morgan Stanley, including Henry van Dyke, the co-head of the securities firm's North American financial sponsors group. A 23-year Morgan Stanley veteran, Mr. van Dyke is headed to Bank of America where he will lead a newly created transaction development group and originate deals for private equity clients, according [...]")('2006032', 'When Cory Booker wanted to get something off his chest this week, it was only natural that he should have done what so many other public figures are doing these days: he posted his complaint on the Internet. So there he was on the liberal Web site HuffingtonPost.com, where readers have had mixed reactions to [...]')('2006032', "Though Sharpe James seems to be running the world's most understated re-election campaign for mayor, he is, at least, continuing to take care of the political housekeeping for his other public office: State Senator. On Thursday evening at 5:30, Mr. James will hold a $200-a-plate fund-raiser in the Crystal Room of the Robert Treat Hotel [...]")('2006032', "Being a venture capitalist is apparently not what it used to be. In an interview with AlwaysOn, Paul Deninger, chairman of technology banking boutique Jefferies Broadview, talks about the recent trends that are clipping venture capitalists' rates of return. These include the existence of too many venture-backed companies, as well as too few potential buyers [...]")('2006032', "Hoping to bolster its upcoming bid to buy certain Knight-Ridder newspapers, private equity firm Yucaipa has recruited a former publisher of the Philadelphia Inquirer as a senior adviser. The hiring of Robert Hall could add momentum to Yucaipa's effort, which has already won support from important labor union, The Newspaper Guild-Communications Workers of America. McClatchy [...]")('2006032', 'I\'ve also been getting indignant emails from people who protest that they are excluded from my win-a-trip contest. In particular, there are students at foreign universities, like Anuj, who wrote from India: "I\'m not saying, choose me, Mr. Kristof. All I\'m saying is give me and perhaps hundreds like me, who\'re as capable as American [...]')('2006032', "I've been in rural Pakistan the last few days, visiting my heroic friend Mukhtaran Bibi and interviewing some of the rape victims who flock to her from all over Pakistan. She truly is the Gandhi of the Punjab. But the upshot is that I've been behind on my email, and so I've just seen various [...]")('2006032', 'Here were some comments from Tuesday\'s column on travel abroad. Matthew from New York writes: "I think a full year in a single location would provide a far more enriching and valuable experience. Three months is far too short a period of time for most people to the grasp cultural subtleties they\'ll face to the [...]')('2006032', 'The premiere episode of "The Sopranos" has one of Tony\'s soldiers trying to retire because he got a $2 million inheritance. In case you are waiting to see it on DVD, I won\'t spoil the story line, but suffice it to say, the soldier says he has already made an offer on a house on [...]')('2006032', "An obscure investment firm called Sebastian Holdings is reportedly jousting with French media behemoth Vivendi Universal in hopes of getting it to sell more assets. Reports on Wednesday couldn't agree on whether Sebastian Holdings had picked up 2.5 percent of Vivendi's shares on its own, or whether it held that stake in conjunction with an [...]")('2006032', "Brick Towers (Marko Georgiev for The New York Times) Today's New York Times article covers the Newark Housing Authority's effort to push out the last remaining tenants of Brick Towers, a rotting pair of 16-story buildings in the Central Ward where Cory Booker has lived since 1998. Mr. Booker, in an interview at his apartment [...]")('2006032', 'Mayor Sharpe James, who is presumably still running for re-election, has been all but invisible to the public in the days since his flamboyant appearance at City Hall last week just before the filing deadline for petitions. He showed up at an event on Saturday, strangely, alongside Cory Booker. He also made a brief appearance [...]')('2006032', "What's wrong with your agent promising to rebate you all or a part of the fee that you are theoretically paying that agent when buy your house? Hold on, some of you will say: the seller pays the commission. Others may argue that the buyer pays it because it is computed into the price of [...]")('2006032', 'Readers respond to Thomas Friedman\'s March 22 column, "A New Grip on \'Reality\'" Robert Schonberger, New Haven, Conn.: I applaud your columns on the need for energy independence. I wanted to suggest that we already found part of the solution in the first Manhattan Project. Many physicists would agree that nuclear energy is the only [...]')('2006032', "A year after Kmart completed its landmark merger with Sears, a report in The Chicago Tribune reconstructs the events that led to the $11 billion retail deal. (The merger's anniversary is Friday.) The article describes an anonymous letter sent to Sears' chief executive, Alan Lacy, in August 2002 alleging that Kevin Keleghan, then the head [...]")('2006032', 'During his press conference yesterday, President Bush said that the timing of the withdrawal of American troops from Iraq would be up to "future presidents and future governments of Iraq." What the U.S. policy should be in Iraq - and in the broader war on terror - is shaping up to be as divisive an [...]')('2006032', 'Hoping to avoid a painful and possibly lethal strike at a major supplier, General Motors reached an agreement with the United Auto Workers and Delphi on an employee buyout program. The plan would offer incentives to 13,000 workers at Delphi and an undetermined number of G.M. workers to leave the jobs. It was announced on [...]')('2006032', 'Charles Murray of the American Enterprise Institute has written a new book, "In Our Hands: A Plan to Replace the Welfare State," in which he proposes replacing the welfare state with annual cash grants of $10,000 to every American. In today\'s Wall Street Journal, Murray, who also co-wrote the 1994 book "The Bell Curve," presents [...]')('2006032', 'The Jones Apparel Group, the $5 billion clothing company, has been on a shopping spree over the last four years, acquiring two large apparel makers, Gloria Vanderbilt and Kasper, and the luxury retailer Barneys New York. So why, after all that muscle flexing, is Jones looking for a buyer? Perhaps because its acquisition formula has [...]')('2006032', "The parade of impressive earnings results from investment banks continued on Wednesday as Morgan Stanley reported record revenue and a 17 percent jump in profit for the fiscal first quarter. In doing so, it became the fourth brokerage firm in less than two weeks to surpass analysts' estimates. The securities firm posted net income of [...]")('2006032', "It is essentially a sidebar to a star-studded cover story on the divorce of financier Ron Perelman and actress Ellen Barkin, but New York magazine's article on prenuptial agreements offers an interesting look at the uneasy union of love and high finance. We took away two major themes. Point No. 1: Lots of people who [...]")('2006032', 'Selborne Journal: 22 March 1759: Mowed the grass-plot for the first time: a vast plenty of Grass, which lined the Cucumber-bed. Made two beds, with one barrow of dung each, for two handglasses, for White-mustard, & cress. *** Winter turning into spring is a long, slow earthquake. The roads heave with the frost, and so [...]')('2006032', "Toll Holdings, Australia's biggest freight company, increased its hostile bid for Patrick Corporation, the nation's largest port cargo handler, by 17 percent to as much as A$5.4 billion ($3.9 billion). Go to Article from Bloomberg News »")('2006032', 'The Colgate-Palmolive deal for Tom\'s and L\'Oreal\'s recent purchase of the Body Shop reflect a growing appetite for ethical consumer products. Consumers have shown they are willing to pay a premium for "natural" products from values-oriented companies that make them feel good, and big marketers want a piece of the profitable trend. Go to Article [...]')('2006032', 'Nextest Systems , a maker of systems to test computer chips, on Tuesday priced an initial public offering worth $75.6 million, according to an underwriter. Go to Article from Reuters »')('2006032', "Commerzbank's real estate unit Commerz Grundbesitz said it is planning an initial public offering on the Euronext Paris bourse for its Paris-based unit CegeREAL. It said about 3.8 million shares in CegeREAL - or about 28.70 percent of share capital before the greenshoe option are to be offered - adding the indicative price range will [...]")('2006032', 'OAO Rosneft is to invite a Japanese bank to sell the company\'s shares during an initial public offering on the Japanese market, Rosneft\'s president, Sergei Bogdanchikov, said. "The lead managers of the I.P.O. will be four respected banks, in addition, they will be joined by a Japanese bank, which will help them sell the company\'s [...]')('2006032', 'L-3 Communications Holdings , a New York-based government technology giant, has acquired two companies with advanced weapon-detection systems that it hopes to combine into a single device for use at airports, office buildings and elsewhere Go to Article from The Washington Post »')('2006032', 'Royal Dutch Shell said on Tuesday its Shell EP Americas unit paid $400 million to buy 10 properties in northern Alberta, the highest price paid for Canadian oil sand leases last month. Go to Article from Reuters »')('2006032', "Newmont Mining got Australian government approval for the acquisition of Newcrest Mining's 22.22 percent interest in the Boddington Project in Western Australia. Newmont will pay Australian $225 million for this acquisition and will increase its interest in Boddington to two-thirds. Go to Article from TheStreet.com »")('2006032', "Winnipeg-based Old Dutch Foods has agreed to buy Humpty Dumpty Snack Foods Inc. for $26.7 million or 2.85 a share in cash. The offer represents a premium of about 5 percent over the company's Monday closing price of $2.71. The two companies had struck an alliance and investment agreement a year ago, but that pact [...]")('2006032', "Noro-Moseley Partners 's founder, Charles Moseley, and its general partner, Russell French, have decided not to participate in the firm's newest fund, which is expected to hit the market within the next three months with a $200 million target. Go to Article from VentureWire Professional »")('2006032', 'French lawmakers approved copyright legislation on Tuesday with a novel approach to the idea of digital freedom of choice: requiring online music vendors to make songs available for use on any digital player. Go to Article from The New York Times » Go to Article from Variety (Subscription Required) » Go to Article from Reuters [...]')('2006032', 'The parent of Ameriquest Mortgage will pay up to $50 million in restitution for California borrowers as part of a settlement brokered with state attorneys general over claims of deceptive lending practices, a prosecutor said Tuesday. Some 725,000 borrowers in 49 states will be eligible to recover part of their losses through the $325 million [...]')('2006032', "Bank of America was found guilty Monday of mismanaging the nest egg of a retired executive who claimed bad advice from the bank cost him millions of dollars. A court in Maine heard that Darrell Mayeux, a retired executive from Fairchild Semiconductor, hired Fleet Bank's Private Client Group - since acquired by Bank of America [...]")('2006032', 'The manager of a hedge fund accused of defrauding current and former professional football players is reported to be hiding out from former players who have threatened him. The Atlanta Journal Constitution quotes Jacob Frenkel, an attorney for Kirk Wright, the CEO of International Management Associates , who said that his client has been hiding [...]')('2006032', "Sanofi-Aventis and its partner Bristol-Myers Squibb said late yesterday that they had tentatively settled a patent dispute involving Plavix, the anticlotting agent that is the world's second-best-selling drug. The agreement, with a Canadian maker of generic drugs, would protect the companies' exclusive right to market the drug until 2011, eliminating a major uncertainty for investors. [...]")('2006032', 'GUS, owner of Argos and Homebase, is understood to have rebuffed a 7 billion bid approach for its credit rating division Experian from a consortium of United States-based private equity firms, including Thomas H. Lee Partners and Bain Capital. Despite the rejection, the private equity consortium is considering the possibility of raising its preliminary proposal [...]')('2006032', "A federal appeals court's decision to overturn former star investment banker Frank Quattrone 's conviction is a reminder to judges and prosecutors alike: get it right the first time or watch your case go up in smoke. Never has that reminder resonated more sharply than now, as the government forges its case involving the granddaddy [...]")('2006032', "General William Lyon's second attempt in the last year to take the home-building company that bears his name private has investors wondering if more deals may be in the works within the sector. So far analysts are divided over the offer's consequences for home builders, which have seen their shares move lower the past few [...]")('2006032', 'Four executives at the day-trading firm of A. B. Watley were arraigned in the United States District Court in Brooklyn yesterday on conspiracy and securities fraud charges stemming from a scheme to reap profits after eavesdropping on confidential conversations between stockbrokers and their clients. Federal prosecutors say that the men at Watley paid brokers at [...]')('2006032', "Gryphon Investors is looking to sell the Eight O'Clock Coffee brand for more than $200 million, about twice what it paid for the company in 2003, LBO Wire said. Gryphon has hired Banc of America Securities to explore strategic alternatives for the Montvale, N.J.-based coffee company, which it bought from the Great Atlantic & Pacific [...]")('2006032', 'Thomas H. Lee Partners, the buyout specialist who orchestrated Refco\'s initial public offering in 2005 complained that Refco\'s creditors are "improperly" trying to bar him from tapping Refco\'s insurance policies to pay his legal costs. Thomas H. Lee, who founded the $12 billion private equity firm that bears his name, said in court papers that [...]')('2006032', "ITV , Britain's top commercial broadcaster, rejected a takeover offer from a group of buyout firms led by Apax Partners Worldwide and Blackstone Group. The pair, together with Goldman Sachs' buyout unit, offered to buy a controlling stake in the broadcaster, take out more debt and then return cash to investors, London- based ITV said [...]")('2006032', 'The United States Supreme Court put new limits on securities lawsuits, ruling that a 1998 federal law bars large class-action cases by investors who say they were duped into holding onto stocks and bonds. The justices today unanimously cut back a lawsuit filed against Merrill Lynch by a former broker who said he lost money [...]')('2006032', 'EKOS , a developer of catheters for treating blood clots, said that it has raised $26 million in Series C financing. New investor Ascension Health Ventures led the round. Go to Article from VentureWire Professional »')('2006032', 'Bank of New York should consider spinning off its retail banking unit, following the announced $14.6 billion sale of North Fork Bancorp to Capital One Financial, writes Michael Mayo, an analyst with Prudential Equity Group. Mr. Mayo said Bank of New York had "neglected" the retail bank, which has dragged on overall results, and uses [...]')('2006032', 'J.P. Morgan Chase said Tuesday that it would buy back up to $8 billion of its common shares in an effort to generate the greatest return for shareholders. Go to Article from MarketWatch » Go to Article from TheStreet.com »')('2006032', 'New methods of structuring Internet search results are being exploited by start-ups hoping to compete with Google, which uses a significantly different technique of organizing its Web searches. As larger Internet companies, like Yahoo and Amazon.com, begin acquiring startups to get a jump on the game and Google, these small firms are counting on the [...]')('2006032', 'HSBC and the investment bank Close Brothers will be warned next month by the Association of British Insurers about promoting their chief executives to chairmen. Britain\'s biggest investor group will send out a so-called "amber top" signal to investors that they should question executives very closely before sanctioning a move by the chief executive to [...]')('2006032', "Pictet & Compagnie, the closely controlled Swiss private bank that runs the New York Police Department's pension fund, on Tuesday took the step of allowing non-Swiss managing directors to invest in the bank for the first time. The move, designed partly to dissuade staff from defecting to hedge funds or setting up rival investment firms, [...]")('2006032', "Morgan Stanley is planning to cut about 50 to 60 equity research jobs in Europe and the United States so it can spend more money on emerging market research, Bloomberg News reported. The job reductions, set to take place this week, will affect about 7 percent of the firm's 800 equity analysts, said the people, [...]")('2006032', "The prospect that Aviva increase its $30 billion offer for smaller rival Prudential of Britain has been heightened after the comapny made a statement saying it had not ruled out raising its bid. The move came after comments from Aviva's chief executive, Richard Harvey, were misinterpreted to mean he would not budge from the original [...]")('2006032', "Lucent Technologies 's $207 million cash bid for Riverstone Networks , an Ethernet infrastructure company, was declared the winner in an auction. The sale of Santa Clara, Calif.-based Riverstone is subject to approval by the bankruptcy court. Go to Article from The San Jose Mercury News »")('2006032', 'Ed Whitacre, the chief executive of AT&T,rejected criticisms that its planned merger with BellSouth will form a near-monopoly for Internet access and give it the clout to dictate terms to Web sites if they want to remain reachable. Go to Article from The Philadelphia Inquirer » Go to Related Article from Reuters via CNN Money [...]')('2006032', "Arab and American officials are growing nervous at the prospect of a second congressional uprising against the acquisition of American assets by a Middle Eastern-controlled company in the wake of the Dubai Ports World debacle. Officials are concerned that the pending investigation of Dubai International Capital's $1.2 million purchase of Doncasters, a privately held British [...]")('2006032', "Energy analysts this week debunked market rumors that Exxon Mobil was considering using its enormous cash reserves to make a bid on a European oil and gas producer. In the past week, shares of Spanish-Argentine refiner Repsol and BG Group have both risen on persistent market rumors that the world's largest publicly traded oil company [...]")('2006032', 'Falconbridge is fighting off a possible "creeping" takeover by Swiss miner Xstrata , which last year bought 19.9 percent of the Canadian copper and nickel company. Canadian rival Inco last October offered about $13-billion for Falconbridge, a deal not yet completed. Falconbridge has announced it has adopted what\'s called a shareholder rights plan – also [...]')('2006032', "A Spanish court ruled Tuesday that Gas Natural's hostile bid to acquire Endesa should be suspended, saying it may have involved illegal collusion with another Spanish utility. The decision casts yet more doubt over the deal, which is opposed by Endesa, Spain's largest electric utility, but is supported by the Spanish government as it seeks [...]")('2006032', "As Hubertus Erlen, chief executive of Schering, scrambles to fend off a $17.7 billion takeover offer from its German rival, Merck, all the talk of poison pills, asset sales and possible competing bids by non-German companies is drowning out the news about Schering's product successes. But if the takeover goes through, analysts say, it could [...]")('2006032', "Kookmin Bank, South Korea's largest lender, is set to buy a controlling stake in Korea Exchange Bank that is valued at 6 trillion won ($6.2 billion), in the nation's biggest acquisition, Bloomberg News reported. Kookmin was selected as the preferred bidder by Lone Star Funds, beating Hana Financial Group Inc. and Singapore's DBS Group Holdings [...]")('2006032', 'In this lesson, students scan The New York Times and summarize articles on countries around the world where news is in the making.')('2006032', "Frances Renard letter says Sen Russell Feingold's recommendation to censure Pres Bush does not reflect personal conflict between them, but rather president's illegal and destructive acts (March 21 H W Brands Op-Ed article)")('2006032', 'Frank Bruni reviews Morimoto, sprawling Japanese restaurant in Chelsea (Manhattan) opened by Philadelphia restaurateur Stephen Starr; photo (M)')('2006032', 'Correction of March 15 article about Indian food delivery in California (S)')('2006032', 'Mark Bittman Minimalist column gives recipe for pork shoulder stew with red wine (M)')('2006032', 'Peter Meehan $25 and under column reviews BZ Grill in Astoria, Queens, which specializes in Greek food; photo (M)')('2006032', "Escalating rents, especially in prime Manhattan neighborhoodsk, are helping to drive out traditional supermarkets; one small supermarket chain, Morton Williams Associated Markets, would like to expand in New York City but has been unable to find space it can afford; Food City Markets once had six stores in Manhattan and is now down to one; FreshDirect, online grocery service, has made big impact in New York area since it opened its Long Island City plant in 2002; company has about 150,000 customers and takes in about $200 million each year--as much as 80 percent of it coming from Manhattan; D'Agostino supermarket on University Place is closing after two decades; photo (L)")('2006032', "Recent purchase of Major League Soccer team MetroStars by energy drink company Red Bull has taken naming rights in sports step further; team has converted to New York Red Bulls; it is name change that some marketers hope will open new front in commercialization of professional sports; Red Bull paid Anschutz Entertainment Group more than $100 million this month for rights to MetroStars club, share of planned stadium and stadium's naming rights; drawing (M)")('2006032', 'Labor Department reports Producer Price Index dropped 1.4 percent in February, biggest monthly decline in three years, after increases of 0.3 percent in January and 0.6 percent in December; core index was up 0.3 percent; energy prices fell 4.7 percent and food prices were down 2.7 percent; gasoline fell 11 percent and residential natural gas dropped 4.1 percent (M)')('2006032', 'Letter from Prof Lindsay Patterson recalls growing up in Winston-Salem, NC, going to segregated school where young men were given opportunities to learn marketable skills (March 20 article)')('2006032', 'New Jersey Nets defeat Washington Wizards, 112-100; photo (M)')('2006032', 'Cookbook Food to Die For: A Book of Funeral Food, Tips and Tales described; photo (M)')('2006032', "Two more radioactive contaminants are found in groundwater under Indian Point nuclear reactor complex in Westchester County, NY; Nuclear Regulatory Commission and plant's owner Entergy Nuclear Northeast say contaminants pose no health hazard; two materials found are strontium and nickel-63; recently, tritium had been found at site (M)")('2006032', 'My Befana, Italian prepared take-out food shop with on-site dining, opens on West Houston Street, Manhattan; photo (M)')('2006032', 'Webster M Smith, senior cadet at Coast Guard Academy in New London, Conn, is accused of raping former girlfriend, identified only as Cadet A, and of at least seven other sexual assaults of female classmates; hearing will determine if 130-year-old academy will hold its first court-martial proceeding involving student; hearing is presided over by special investigating officer Cmdr Steven Andersen (M)')('2006032', 'Letter from playwrights Gillian Slovo, Harold Pinter, Stephen Fry and 18 others expresses dismay at decision by New York Theater Workshop to cancel or postpone production of play My Name Is Rachel Corrie (March 16 article)')('2006032', "Photo of Rutgers University women's basketball team's defeat of Texas Christian University in NCAA tournament second round")('2006032', 'Ken Smith, chef of New Orleans Upperline restaurant, gives recipe for French-style crab cakes with Beurre Blanc sauce; photos (M)')('2006032', 'Boldface column on benefit concert at Hammerstein Ballroom for antiwar groups, among them Iraq Veterans Against the War; interview with antiwar activist Cindy Sheehan (S)')('2006032', "Enron's former treasurer Ben F Glisan Jr, government's last big witness in Enron trial, testifies that Enron was 'weak' when former chief executive Jeffrey K Skilling resigned in August 2001, even as Skilling was claiming it was in 'great shape'; photo (M)l")('2006032', 'Darwin L Brown letter says opportunities abound for black men and it is incumbent on individuals to take advantage of them')('2006032', "Eric Randall is fifth-generation maple syrup producer in Darien Center, NY; state is nation's third-largest producer of maple syrup; Randall says he worries that temperate winter of 2005-2006 could mean low yield; aspects of production process described; map (M)")('2006032', 'Photos of James Brower, 24-year-old corporal in Marine Corps who is heading for duty in Iraq, and mother Elaine Brower, Staten Island peace activist who spends lunch hours handing out anti-war leaflets (S)')('2006032', 'New Jersey Sports and Exposition Authority head George Zoffinger says he is not happy MetroStars were bought by Red Bull and renamed New York Red Bulls (M)')('2006032', 'Longtime A.')('2006032', "Acquisition and subsequent redevelopment of former Pfizer pharmaceutical research facility in Skokie, Ill, by Cleveland-based developer Forest City promises to quadruple amount of speculative office space available for biotechnology companies in Chicago area; Forest City bought one-million-square-foot complex last spring for $43 million; Forest City's plans for site detailed; photo (M)")('2006032', "A B Watley executives Robert F Malin, Linus N Nwaigwe, Michael A Picone and Keevin H Leonard are arraigned in US District Court in Brooklyn on conspiracy and securities fraud charges stemming from scheme to reap profits after eavesdropping on confidential conversations between stockbrokers and their clients; Securities and Exchange Commission also sues men, firm and seven others in connection with same scheme, which has become known as squawk box case; Federal prosecutors contend men at Watley paid brokers at Merrill Lynch, Citigroup and Lehman Brothers thousands of dollars so that they could listen in on conversations between firms' trading desks and big institutional customers being carried on internal intercoms, or squawk boxes; traders used information to buy and sell stocks ahead of firms' large, market-moving trades, reaping more than $800,000 in illegal gains from January 2002 to February 2004; Paul F Coughlin, former stock broker for Merrill Lynch, and William B Deakins, former Watley day trader, pleaded guilty earlier this month to charges of conspiracy to commit securities fraud; others named include former Watley traders Bryan S Rogers, Keith A Rogers, Warren R Fellus and Keith M Geller, and Steven E Malin, chairman of firm; photos (M)")('2006032', 'Richard Sandomir TV Sports column discusses legacy of NFL commissioner Paul Tagliabue, who will retire and end 16-year term as head of league; graph (M)')('2006032', 'Medical condition of Vado Diomande, Greenwich Village drummer who contracted inhalation anthrax in February from animal skins he used to make drumheads, has been upgraded from stable to good (S)')('2006032', 'Restaurant openings in New York City, Chicago and Westport, Conn, noted; photo (M)')('2006032', "Guidant Corp may have gotten more than it bargained for when it appointed panel last year to look into its practices after it came under scrutiny for its failure to publicize flaws in its heart devices; 12-member panel not only urged company to overhaul its disclosure process, but its full report may provide plaintiffs' lawyers suing Guidant with road map and may also help government agencies that are investigating device maker; toughness of report may reflect person Guidant appointed to head effort, Dr Robert J Myerburg, professor of medicine at University of Miami; Myerburg and cardiologists and other experts on panel are sharply critical of company's decision to withhold device safety information from doctors, and they rebuffed its arguments for doing so; photo (M)")('2006032', 'Jonathan Reinhardt letter calls for reconsideration of No Child Left Behind Act rather than increased oversight (March 18 article)')('2006032', 'Susan Guerrero describes helping friend Charles Marchant collect sap and make maple syrup on his Vermont farm; maple scones and maple-glazed meatloaf recipes given; photos (M)')('2006032', 'Jim Roscoe letter says Harlan Levy is correct to worry about wrongful arrest of innocent civilians if DNA collection is extended to whole population and suggests it could lead to nightmarish scenarios (March 17 Op-Ed article)')('2006032', 'Coyote is spotted in Central Park Zoo by Parks Commissioner Adrian Benepe; despite formidable search party, coyote eludes capture (M)')('2006032', 'Rev Paul C Hayes letter cites reasons for pursuing seminary education but deciding not to enter clergy (March 17 article)')('2006032', 'New York Giants pursue receiver Keyshawn Johnson; photo (M)0')('2006032', 'New England Muffin, Woburn, Mass, company, now offers fresh muffins at select New York City stores; photo (S)')('2006032', "Boston College men's basketball team prepares to face Villanova University in regional semifinals of NCAA tournament; photo (M)2")('2006032', "Rutgers University defeats Texas Christian University, 82-48, to advance to regional semifinals of women's NCAA tournament (M)¿")('2006032', 'Washington Nationals player Alfonso Soriano has not indicated whether he will play outfield or whether he will violate contract, while other teams wait to pursue him; photo (M)')('2006032', 'Marian Burros describes quest to catch little-known landlocked Atlantic salmon in Vermont lakes; fish is finally flown to writer year after unsuccessful attempts; recipe for poached salmon with vodka sauce; photo (M)')('2006032', 'Jeff Gewert letter calls for greater educational opportunities to halt marginalization of black men from society (March 20 article); drawing')('2006032', 'New York Times promotes Gerald Marzorati, editor of New York Times Magazine, to position of assistant managing editor; Marzorati will continue to oversee content of magazine and other related publications; will help identify and develop next generation of editors for magazines and magazine-like sections of newspaper (S)')('2006032', "Robert M Parker Jr, wine critic who founded publication Wine Advocate 28 years ago, discusses his life's work and addresses his critics, who have in recent years have asserted that he has uneducated palate; disputes notion that his reviews have caused some wine-makers to alter growing patterns and vinting to increase sales; photos (L)")('2006032', 'Murray Chass On Baseball column discusses success of World Baseball Classic; photo (M)e')('2006032', "Newark, NJ, Housing Authority issues warnings to tenants of Brick Towers housing complex that buildings must be emptied by April to prepare for demolition; authority says buildings are uninhabitable and that any tenants refusing to leave will be evicted; many question timing given that Newark's mayoral election is two months away and Councilman Cory Booker, contender for Mayor Sharpe James's seat, lives in complex (M)")('2006032', 'IN BACK-AND-FORTH')('2006032', 'Photo of Bronx River as herring are released into water for breeding (S)')('2006032', 'Toronto Raptors defeat New York Knicks, 114-109; photos (M)2')('2006032', 'Photo of firefighters at site of three-alarm fire in block of attached homes in Jersey City, NJ (S)')('2006032', 'City announces public awareness campaign Stomp Out Litter; will involve Sanitation Dept, Stomp theater troupe and Waste Management, city contractor (S)')('2006032', "Dan Barry reviews book Fantasyland: A Season on Baseball's Lunatic Fringe by Sam Walker; photos (M)")('2006032', 'Letter from Edison Electric Institute president Thomas R Kuhn cites customer protections from utility losses; (March 15 article)')('2006032', 'Maria Vitagliano letter contends police stop more black men than white men, resulting in higher rates of incarceration as described in March 20 article')('2006032', 'NitroMed chief executive Michael D Loberg and chief business officer Lawrence E Bloch resign amid slow sales for heart drug BiDil; drug was introduced last year after Food and Drug Administration made it first drug approved for use by blacks only; sales last year were only $4.5 million, with BiDil hampered partly by insurance reimbursement problems and possibly by its small marketing force; chairman Argeris N Karabelas is named interim chief executive; Kenneth M Bate will succeed Bloch (M)')('2006032', "TV Land Awards: A Celebration of Classic TV will be broadcast simultaneously on TV Land and Nickelodeon's Nick at Nite; this year's broadcast will be hosted by Megan Mullally and will honor Batman, Cheers, Good Times and Dallas; photos (M)")('2006032', "Gov George E Pataki institutes policy barring his appointees and commissioners from raising political donations; rebukes Howard D Mills, state's superintendent of insurance and former state assemblyman who has continued to accept and spend campaign contributions despite fact that he does not expect to seek elected office again until 2008; Mills says he will stop raising funds, but does not rule out continuing to spend them (M)")('2006032', "Pres Vladimir V Putin kicks off Year of Russia in China celebration by bringing entourage of 1,000 people to Beijing, including executives of top Russian oil and natural gas companies; deal is announced for two gas pipelines that will skirt Mongolia; each will carry 30 billion to 40 billion cubic meters of gas; Kovytka field, owned 62 percent by BP's joint venture in Russia, TNK-BP, holds 1.9 trillion cubic meters of proven natural gas; less progress is made on plan for separate pipeline sought by China to deliver oil to China from Siberia; Russia intends to double trade with China to more than $60 billion in 2010 from $29 billion last year; photo (M)")('2006032', 'New York City Education Dept says it will move to fire Joyce Plush-Saly, former principal of Public School 58 in Carroll Gardens, Brooklyn; she was reassigned more than two months ago after investigation found that she allowed students to look at questions on state-wide English exam (S)')('2006032', 'Arts, Briefly; The Hot Seat Beckons Couch Potatoes**¿')('2006032', 'Byron Boneparth letter says censure of Pres Bush is questionable strategy, but says there are very few apt comparisons between him and Andrew Jackson, bona fide war hero who championed interests of common men (March 21 H W Brands Op-Ed article)')('2006032', "Mayor Michael R Bloomberg's announcement that city will commit $33.8 million to fund hiring of 800 additional New York City police officers in 2006 presents enormous challenge; critics say greatest obstacle to drawing applicants is low salaries, with city ranking 157th in nation; photo (M)")('2006032', 'Correction of March 15 article on cooking technique sous vide (S)')('2006032', 'Teenager Ralph Tarchine of Bedford, NY, is charged with vehicular manslaughter and 11 other counts; Tarchine was involved in two separate accidents, first of which resulted in death of friend Michael Plunkett; Tarchine was under influence of marijuana at time (S)')('2006032', "Citigroup's board announces that chief executive Charles O Prince III will soon also hold chairman's title, which has long belonged to Sanford I Weill; election is sign of Citigroup board's confidence in Prince, even though company's financial results during his tenure have so far been mixed; photo (M)")('2006032', 'Rickey Henderson makes debut at New York Mets guest spring training coach; photos (M)m')('2006032', 'New Orleans Hornets defeat Los Angeles Clippers, 120-108; photo (M)')('2006032', 'Schering has become target of')('2006032', 'Florence Fabricant pairs inexpensive Australian shiraz-cabernet with Thai-style beef salad; recipe (M)')('2006032', 'Hakan Ozcelik, former Customs and Border Protection officer at Port Elizabeth, NJ, is convicted of bribery and attempting to conceal illegal immigrant from detection (S)')('2006032', 'Michael Sherrell letter says March 20 article about dire situation facing black men lies in elimination of middle-class income brought about by immigration and outsourcing')('2006032', "Sanofi-Aventis and its partner Bristol-Myers Squibb tentatively settle patent dispute with Apotex involving Plavix, anticlotting agent that is world's second-best-selling drug; agreement will protect companies' exclusive right to market drug until 2011, eliminating major uncertainty for investors; settlement calls for companies to pay undisclosed amount to Apotex and also allows generic company to sell its version of Plavix beginning in Sept 2011, eight months before US patent is expected to expire; Apotex will undisclosed royalty payments to companies beginning in 2011 (M)")('2006032', "Report by Ceres, coalition of investors and environmentalists, says European and Asian companies are paying more attention to global warming than their American counterparts; contends chemical companies are more focused on issue than oil companies; report gives chemical industry highest overall marks, with score of 51.9 out of possible 100; DuPont, with 85 points is highest-ranking American company in any of industries; airlines, in contrast, ranked lowest, with score of 16.6; UAL received 3 points; study gives General Electric, American Electric Power and Cinergy among highest scores in their industries; says American companies are playing catch-up with international competitors like BP, Toyota, Alcan, Unilever and Rio Tinto; members of Investor Network say they will take report's conclusions seriously; Connecticut Treas Denise L Nappier, who administers $22 billion investment fund, lauds report (M)")('2006032', 'Twin Towers Column Stubs, Once Amputated, Are Now Being Protected**Protruding box columns around base of World Trade Center towers, reduced to stubs after 9/11 attack in order to facilitate recovery effort, are now important part of preservation effort during construction of memorial; when memorial opens, most of 84 column remnants from north tower and about half of 73 remnants from south tower will be visible and accessible to public; photo (M)')('2006032', 'Gov George E Pataki returns to office after monthlong medical absence and is immediately immersed in heated budget negotiations; Pataki presented $110.6 billion budget plan in January, but while he was convalescing, Legislature began negotiating ways to roll back many of his proposed cuts (M)')('2006032', 'Growing number of publishing companies are offering books by lesser-known authors only as paperback originals, forgoing higher profits afforded by publishing book in hardcover for chance to attract more buyers; trend comes at time when one-half to three-quarters of hardcover novels are being returned by bookstores to publishers unsold; use of paperback format is often fought against by authors and their agents who do not want to give up royalties and prestige afforded by hardcover book; photo (M)')('2006032', 'New York State Attorney General Eliot Spitzer, gubernatorial candidate, offers plans for upstate revitalization; proposals follow earlier comments in which he likened some upstate areas to Appalachia; photo (M)')('2006032', 'Brooklyn murder trial of retired New York City detectives Louis Eppolito and Stephen Caracappa continues with testimony from Steven Corso, Las Vegas-based government informer; Corso convinced Eppolito that he could help him find investors for movie deal (M)')('2006032', 'Number of food programs on radio is increasing as technology makes it easier and cheaper to bring variety of food experiences to listener; listeners say that programs provide more interactive environment than television and style of radio makes them feel more connected to broadcast personality than other media; several radio food programs described; photo (M)')('2006032', 'Letter from Marc Mauer, executive director of The Sentencing Project, cites complex array of factors producing problems among young black men; says racial dimension skews public policy response (March 20 article)')('2006032', "Anna Commitante, in charge of New York City's gifted programs, is in midst of bitter controversy over significant changes in admissions policy for hundreds of gifted-student classes across city; instead of single IQ test, children will now be tested using multiple measures to give more comprehensive evaluation of 'gifted behaviors'; intent is to open admissions process and reach wider population of students; photo (M)")('2006032', 'Gov George E Pataki announces that New York State has acquired 1,000 acres of pristine woodlands in Adirondacks; Sabattis Land Co will retain ownership of adjacent 800 acres with conservation easement put in place to prevent development (S)')('2006032', 'New York Jets trade John Abraham to Atlanta Falcons for draft pick; photo (S)3')('2006032', 'New York Yankees will contribute $28 million to trust fund and distribute 15,000 free tickets each season to Bronx groups; offer is part of negotiations between Bronx officials and Yankees over proposed new $800 million stadium to be built on two public parks next to present stadium; community benefits program proposals will be part of package to be presented to City Council before it votes on stadium on April 5 (M)')('2006032', "Manohla Dargis Critic's Notebook on offerings at New Directors/New Films festival; briefly reviews films Half Nelson, The Blossoming of Maximo Oliveros, October 17, 1961 and Look Both Ways; photos (M)")('2006032', 'American Civil Liberties Union files class-action suit on behalf on South Dakota student group against US Education Dept over law that cuts off federal financial aid to students convicted of drug offenses while receiving aid; suit contends that law amounts to double jeopardy (M)')('2006032', "At least 132 New York City Department of Education employees who live outside city have come forward under monthlong amnesty program to acknowledge that they improperly send their children to city schools without paying tuition; they will not be disciplined but must pay city tuition going forward; back payment of tuition will only be required of those employees who filed false city addresses; teachers' union contends that some nonresident employees made no secret of having children attend city schools and that in fact many were told by principals to enroll their children in schools in which they worked; Carol L Gerstl, union attorney, says department 'waived its right to tuition from these parents' (M)")('2006032', 'Photo of New York State maple syrup maker Eric Randall preparing sap (S)')('2006032', 'Capitol will issue four-CD box set The Capital Albums Volume 2 that will include American versions of four Beatles albums from 1965; photo (S)')('2006032', 'Chefs discuss making tiny beads of flavors that resemble caviar in appearance and texture, but are more desert-like in taste; faux caviar is concentrated fruit puree suspended in gel-like shell; photos (M)')('2006032', "US prepares for World Cup's soccer games, while host-nation Germany prepares for chance at success on world stage; photo (M)")('2006032', 'Survey by Cornucopia Institute ranks organic handling of dairy products at American farms and dairies; Organic Trade Assn says findings, which point out inconsistencies in defining what constitutes organic, are nonscientific and misleading (M)')('2006032', 'New Broadway production of Sweeney Todd recoups $3.5 million investment in 19 weeks; Al Pacino plans to reprise his role as Herod in staged reading of Oscar Wilde play Salome in Los Angeles; photo (S)')('2006032', "Brooklyn Democratic City Councilman Bill de Blasio is considering challenging Republican Rep Vito J Fossella's legislative seat (M)")('2006032', "Wildlife Conservation Society stocks Bronx River with 201 herring it hopes will spawn for centuries to come; is first time in 350 years that Bronx has seen herring in local waters; event is part of effort led by Rep Jose E Serrano, who has steered more than $15 million in federal funds for Bronx River's rebirth; photo (M)")('2006032', "The winds are high today. They're coming in from the west, perhaps originating over the Mediterranean or the Red Sea, kicking up the detritus from ages of warfare and history across this desert landscape, then gaining momentum until they reach me and swirl the dust around my feet. I get the impression many Americans back [...]")('2006032', 'A proposed rule requiring more disclosure of executive perks was hardly expected to be a hit with upper management. But many finance chiefs seem to support the measure, according to a survey scheduled to be released on Monday. Of the 201 C.F.O.\'s who were interviewed for Financial Executives International\'s first-quarter "CFO Outlook Survey," 71 percent [...]')('2006032', "I'd like to use this blog occasionally to discuss food-related books: not so much recipe collections or chef autobiographies, though I don't rule those out, as books that celebrate the love of food in other ways, sometimes even indirectly.")('2006032', 'This alarming piece by the BBC exposes scammy estate agents in Old Blighty. It was pointed out by my friends at Freakonomics, who are keenly interested in the behavior of agents. In an eight-month investigation, BBC reporter Anna Adams encountered bribery, forgery and inflated prices. The sidebar expands on the lack of regulation in England: [...]')('2006032', "Bayer, the German drug and chemicals giant, has emerged as the white knight for Schering, with a surprise $19.5 billion offer. Schering, the world's biggest manufacturer of oral contraceptives, has been fighting off a rare hostile takeover attempt from a rival German drug maker, Merck. Bayer has made an offer of 86 euros a share [...]")('2006032', 'Local Matters, a company led by the founder of the pioneering mapping service Mapquest, filed with regulators to raise as much as $57.5 million in an initial public offering. The proposed I.P.O. follows a series of acquisitions in 2005, including the purchase of MyAreaGuide.com in October. Those acquisitions were partially funded by debt, and Local [...]')('2006032', 'Readers respond to Bob Herbert\'s March 23 column, "George Bush\'s Trillion-Dollar War." Lisa Hastings, Philadelphia: Even this trillion dollar estimate is low, considering that it does not count the costs to Iraq which directly resulted from our invasion. Remember, the U.S used "shock and awe," bombing civilian targets and infrastructure with the intent of causing [...]')('2006032', 'Readers respond to David Brooks\'s Mar. 23 column, "A Vision, Bruised and Dented": Bill Ziegenfuss, Los Angeles: Your analysis of how Republicans have moved swiftly from idealism to fatalism is convincing enough, as far as it goes. But what about cynicism? It\'s generous of you to assume that the reason Republican lawmakers have no confidence [...]')('2006032', "Carl Icahn wanted to carve it up into four pieces, but Business 2.0 editor-at-large Erick Schonfeld has a different prescription for what ails Time Warner. (Apparently it does not involve hiring Lazard or holding a press conference at New York's St. Regis Hotel.) Mr. Schonfeld's five-point solution includes dumping distrution assets - which means selling [...]")('2006032', 'In this lesson, students identify cooking sounds and consider the association between cooking sounds and reminiscences. They then create a cooking program for radio, television, podcast or Webcast to present in later class.')('2006032', 'Morgan Stanley felt the love from research analysts on Thursday, as three brokerages raised their stock-price targets or earnings forecasts for the securities firm. At SquawkBlog, though, things were not so upbeat. The blog, run by CNBC, berated Morgan Stanley over its investment banking business. One day after Morgan Stanley reported record revenue and a [...]')('2006032', 'Recently, there has been some discussion on the blogs about growth of the federal budget deficit under President Bush and what measures would be necessary to balance the budget without raising taxes. When I thought this matter through a few years ago, I concluded that it was impossible to cut spending enough to avoid a [...]')('2006032', 'Was President Bush right to use the threat of weapons of mass destruction as the basis for his public case for the invasion of Iraq? "Ever since the controversy over the \'16 words\' in Bush\'s 2002 State of the Union address - in which the president alleged that Iraq was seeking uranium from Africa - [...]')('2006032', "Hedge fund Appaloosa Management has won its fight to form an official committee to represent shareholders of Delphi, the bankrupt auto-parts manufacturer once owned by General Motors. A judge approved the official shareholder committee on Wednesday over Delphi's objections. With official status, the committee can now ask Delphi to pay the fees for its lawyers [...]")('2006032', '(Norman Y. Lono for The New York Times) At last, in this most uncontested of mayoral contests: a debate between live candidates. Sort of. At the Newark Firefighters Union hall on Murray Street, Cory Booker and Ronald L. Rice – the veteran state senator and deputy mayor - made impassioned pleas to an audience of [...]')('2006032', 'The condemnation, by pundits and politicians, of Russ Feingold\'s resolution to censure President Bush for warrantless wiretapping "has exposed the unutterable hollowness of the policing of respectable opinion in our nation\'s capital," Chris Lehmann, an editor at CQ Weekly, writes in the New York Observer. "If that bluest of elite blue institutions-the Congressional leadership of [...]')('2006032', "The Sharpe James ticket is shrinking. Donald Payne Jr., an Essex County freeholder and the son of Newark's long-time United States Representative Donald Payne Sr., has abandoned the mayor's slate and decided to run for the Municipal Council on his own. That means he won't have access to the $1.9 million that Mayor James has [...]")('2006032', 'General Motors announced that it sold a majority stake in the real-estate unit of its financing arm, General Motors Acceptance Corp., for $1.5 billion in cash. The buyer is a private equity group led by affiliates of Kohlberg Kravis Roberst & Co., Five Mile Capital Partners and Goldman Sachs Capital Partners, G.M. said. The real-estate [...]')('2006032', "Liberty Global, a spinoff of John Malone's cable empire, has agreed to sell its French unit for 1.25 billion euros ($1.51 billion) as it continues to shuffle its European holdings. Private equity firm Cinven and a cable company it controls, Altice, will acquire the business, which is called UPC France. Denver-based Liberty Global has been [...]")('2006032', 'The member-owned American Stock Exchange plans to become a for-profit company by next year, in preparation for possibly becoming a publicly traded company, The Wall Street Journal reported. The stock market value of the exchange would be about $180 million, the report said, compared with the $13 billion current value of NYSE Group - the [...]')('2006032', "Wearing a scanty blue gown with rhinestone clasps, Nicolette Hart explains how she can make up to $2,500 a night with investment bankers and their clients in a Manhattan strip club's private rooms. Hart, who once worked for a venture-capital firm, always asks what brought the men together. They often say they're having a meeting. [...]")('2006032', 'Deutsche Bank raised the pay of its chief executive, Josef Ackermann, 18 percent last year after profit rose to the highest since 2000. He received total compensation of 11.9 million euros ($14.4 million). Go to Article from Bloomberg News »')('2006032', 'The National Association of Securities Dealers Inc. has fined Boston Capital Securities $1.2 million for offering tax-advantaged limited partnerships in 2004 without getting approval from the association, and for inadequately supervising a 2002 public securities offering. Go to Article from The Boston Business Journal »')('2006032', "For entrepreneurs and their start-ups money can come at a high price. The biggest problems, legal and financial specialists say, are deals that excessively dilute management's holdings in the company or require the company to cede too much control to the investor. Take the woes of Wine.com for example. The former president of the start-up, [...]")('2006032', 'Ebullient investment bankers, still celebrating a bumper year of merger activity in 2005 when deals worth some $1.1 trillion were completed in the United States alone, are sanguine that 2006 will generate even bigger advisory fees as the M&A wave gathers strength. A key reason for their optimism is the anticipation that corporate buyers will [...]')('2006032', "Wendy's is set to spin off 15 percent of Tim Hortons, its Canadian doughnut chain named after a former NHL star. The shares are expected to price Thursday night and trade Friday under the ticker THI. Given all the excitement about the IPO, they could quickly get expensive. Go to Article from TheStreet.com »")('2006032', "The New York Stock Exchange won the Securities and Exchange Commission's blessing to embark on the biggest overhaul of its trading system in three decades. The New York exchange's so-called hybrid market will combine traditional floor-based haggling with the speed of electronic trading. Go to Article from The Seattle Post-Intelligencer »")('2006032', 'General Motors reached a landmark agreement Wednesday with the United Automobile Workers intended to reduce sharply the ranks of a generation of auto workers long envied by other blue-collar workers for their wages and benefits. G.M., staggering under the weight of $10.6 billion in losses last year, said it would offer buyouts and early-retirement packages [...]')('2006032', "The Massachusetts Institute of Technology has hired a director of Yale University's investment office as the new manager of its endowment, replacing Allan Bufferd, who has managed the fund for nearly two decades. Seth Alexander will become president of MIT Investment Management Company in May after a 10-year stint at Yale. He has particular expertise [...]")('2006032', "Microsoft offered on Wednesday to give rival software companies unlimited technical support to help them develop programs that work smoothly with the Windows operating system, the company's latest effort to comply with a European Commission order and avoid daily fines of up to 2 million euros ($2.4 million). Go to Article from The New York [...]")('2006032', 'Freddie Mac, the mortgage financing company, said yesterday that its chief financial officer, Martin F. Baumann, had resigned. Go to Article from The New York Times » Go to Article from The Washington Post »')('2006032', 'We are still in the early stages of proxy season, when compensation information appears in print, but a few trends are emerging. Some companies that once offered a slew of stock options are shifting to awards of restricted stock now that stock-option awards are being counted as expenses. Some of that restricted stock comes with [...]')('2006032', 'A Canadian government panel has called for the elimination of foreign ownership restrictions on telecommunications companies as well as the deregulation of telephone and Internet services. Go to Article from The New York Times »')('2006032', "Venture capitalists usually have a simple goal - make money - but byproducts of their investments often include job creation and an improved climate for entrepreneurs. This cause and effect hasn't gone unnoticed by some social advocates, who increasingly deploy the tools of venture capital investing to improve economies of impoverished areas, or to seed [...]")('2006032', 'Hedge funds and other London firms that pay out eye-watering bonuses to their star traders may be targets of the British government in an assault on tax-avoidance schemes. Go to Article from the Telegraph » The Chancellor of the Exchequer also took aim at the venture capital industry in his 2006-07 budget, which he presented [...]')('2006032', "Sovereign Bancorp and its largest shareholder, Relational Investors, agreed last night to settle a legal dispute and a proxy battle that had gone on for about five months. As part of the agreement, Sovereign elected Ralph V. Whitworth, a principal of Relational who has been critical of the bank's actions for months, to the board [...]")('2006032', 'The accounting firm KPMG said Wednesday that it had reached a revised settlement with tax shelter investors, but warned that the reduced agreement could still fall apart. The previous $195 million deal, brokered last September through Milberg Weiss Bershad & Schulman, the prominent class-action law firm, collapsed in recent months when nearly one in four [...]')('2006032', 'Three executives of Samsung, the largest supplier of computer memory for consumer electronics, have agreed to plead guilty and serve prison sentences in the United States for their roles in a price-fixing conspiracy, federal prosecutors said on Wednesday. Go to Article from The New York Times »')('2006032', "In seven weeks of court testimony, prosecutors landed only glancing blows against Kenneth L. Lay, a former chief executive of Enron who is on trial for criminal conspiracy and fraud. Mr. Lay's luck may have run out in Week 8. Ben F. Glisan Jr., Enron's former treasurer, delivered stinging testimony on Wednesday that contradicted Mr. [...]")('2006032', 'Kesa, the electrical goods retailer that owns Comet, has insisted it was right to reject a private-equity bid from Permira and Kohlberg Kravis Roberts , as it reported a slump in profits. Go to Article from The Telegraph »')('2006032', 'Hedge fund investors expect the amount they put in to such funds to increase by 28 percent this year, according to a survey by Goldman Sachs. Global macro and equity long-short strategies are expected to see the greatest increase in capital allocation by asset weight, the study found. Go to Article from The Financial Times [...]')('2006032', 'House Democrats may have to pay a steep price to enact legislation overhauling lobbying rules: agreeing to restrict donations by some of their biggest backers. A Republican proposal could curtail a source of funding from donors such as billionaire investor George Soros that provided tens of millions of dollars to Democratic-leaning groups in the 2004 [...]')('2006032', 'There\'s a fresh "for sale" sign hanging on Jones Apparel Group\'s door, and two aggressive private equity firms seem to be the ones knocking the loudest. Although no bidding has occurred, Texas Pacific Group and Cerberus Capital Management – which own, respectively, Neiman Marcus Group and Mervyns – already are said to be in discussions [...]')('2006032', 'Thomas H. Lee, the colorful financier who founded the buyout firm Thomas H. Lee Partners, said Wednesday that he had stepped down from the firm as part of a long-arranged succession plan and would seek new opportunities in private equity and hedge funds. Go to Article from The New York Times »')('2006032', 'Metaweb Technologies, a secretive San Francisco start-up, raised $15 million in a funding round led by Benchmark Capital, with participation from other investors, including Millennium Technology Ventures and the Omidyar Network, a "mission-based" investment group established in June 2004 by eBay\'s founder, Pierre Omidyar. Go to Article from The San Jose Mercury News »')('2006032', 'Nextest Systems gained in its stock market debut on Wednesday despite an overall downdraft in the technology sector. Shares of Nextest Systems rose $3.10, or 22.1 percent, to close at $17.10. Go to Article from MarketWatch »')('2006032', "Shanghai Prime Machinery has started to market an initial public offering that is expected to raise between $150 million and $175 million. It plans to list on Hong Kong's main board toward the end of April. Go to Article from FinanceAsia.com »")('2006032', '"Blank check" companies, publicly held companies are created for the sole purpose of making acquisitions, are back. While still a small percentage of the total I.P.O. market, these deals are unquestionably on the rise. Go to Article from BusinessWeek »')('2006032', 'The most talked-about suspense story at Bertelsmann, the global media empire and publisher of Dan Brown\'s thriller "The Da Vinci Code," continues to be its own. Senior executives of Bertelsmann, a family-controlled German company, turned away a barrage of questions at a news conference here about how it would respond to a plan by a [...]')('2006032', 'Grupo Ferrovial of Spain has been given one month to initiate a formal 9 billion pound bid for BAA, the owner of Heathrow airport, before being forced to abandon its acquisition hopes. Go to Article from The Times of London »')('2006032', "Morgan Stanley's retail unit, which is now undergoing an extensive overhaul under its new head, James P. Gorman, experienced a particularly tough quarter. And while the presence of Mr. Gorman has helped stem stockbroker departures, his aggressive recruiting posture has drawn a stiff legal reaction from Merrill Lynch, Mr. Gorman's former firm. On Tuesday, a [...]")('2006032', "Schering is devising a strategy to battle Merck KGaA's 14.6 billion euro ($17.7 billion) hostile offer but may have trouble competing with the 24 percent premium offered to shareholders. To that end, the company has tapped Dresdner Kleinwort Wasserstein and Morgan Stanley to prepare a strategy. Go to Article from The Daily Deal (Subscription Required) [...]")('2006032', 'The British government is to sell off assets including most of the state-owned nuclear industry, the Tote, public spectrum airwaves and Ministry of Defense firing ranges as part of plans which could raise up to 50 billion pounds for public spending.')('2006032', 'A high-powered Hollywood public relations firm wants to buy back its freedom from its parent company, beleaguered ad giant Interpublic Group, according to The New York Post. The head of Bragman Nyman Cafarelli - whose celebrity clients include Cameron Diaz and Jessica Alba – tried to buy back the 125-person firm about two months ago [...]')('2006032', "Sage Group, the British software company, has embarked on its biggest acquisition with a 334 million pound agreed offer for the Norwegian software and accounting firm Visma. The deal marks Sage's first move into the Scandinavian market, and chief executive Paul Walker said he sees more takeover opportunities in the region. Go to Article from [...]")('2006032', "Switchmaker Avocent agreed to buy Agilent Technologies' remote management business assets. Terms were not disclosed, but Avocent said it would get assets including integrated remote management chips and cards, and software utilities. Go to Article from TheStreet.com »")('2006032', "Dell said on Wednesday that it would buy the Alienware Corporation, whose high-end PC's are widely acclaimed by video gamers for their fast performance and sleek, U.F.O.-themed looks. Dell did not announce terms of the deal, which will help expand its offerings for the lucrative gaming and multimedia market. Go to Article from The New [...]")('2006032', 'Will anyone snap up IMAX, which put itself in play earlier this month? With the movie industry mired in a slump, many analysts think that the only way studios can get more sedentary cinephiles to leave the comfort of their couch is to offer a truly wowing experience. Go to Article from CNN Money »')('2006032', "Prudential's biggest shareholders have called Mark Tucker, the chief executive, to a second round of meetings, after hearing Aviva's case for a 17 billion pound merger of Britain's two biggest insurers. Go to Article from The Times of London »")('2006032', 'Bristol-Myers Squibb\'s proposed settlement over its Plavix blood-thinning drug would remove a major obstacle to a takeover of the drugmaker, but such a deal would be far from guaranteed, analysts said on Wednesday. "It may bring Bristol-Myers Squibb into play for consolidators such as Novartis, Pfizer and GlaxoSmithKline," said Sav Neophytou, a research analyst at [...]')('2006032', "Kookmin Bank, South Korea's biggest lender, has agreed to pay 7 trillion won ($7.2 billion) for a controlling stake in Korea Exchange Bank to secure its dominance in Asia's third-largest economy. Go to Article from Bloomberg News »")('2006032', "Centeris, a software maker that integrates Linux servers in a Microsoft Windows network, said it's raised $11.5 million in Series B financing. Participating venture capital companies included Trinity Ventures of Menlo Park, Calif., Intel Capital of Santa Clara, Calif., and Ignition Partners of Bellevue, Wash. Go to Article from The Puget Sound Business Journal »")('2006032', "Jamie Dimon does not hide his desire to serve payback on Citigroup, where he was ousted in 1998 after falling out with his former mentor, Sandy Weill. Now that Mr. Dimon has risen to the C.E.O. position at J.P. Morgan Chase and Mr. Weill is stepping down as Citigroup's chairman, Mr. Dimon may have the [...]")('2006032', "Some of us here at DealBook had the naive notion that movie stars would not be a big draw in tech-savvy places like Palo Alto and Cupertino, Calif., when silicon and smarts are worshipped above all else. Some of us were wrong. From the moment that the Web's chattering classes heard that Tom Cruise would [...]")('2006032', 'In this lesson, students will learn about satire and develop original television shows that parody existing programs.')('2006032', 'In the Spirit of American Ingenuity**Alessandra Stanley TV Watch column reviews reality show American Inventor in which contestants must go in front of panel of judges, often humiliating themselves, in hopes that their invention will ultimately win them $1 million; photo (M)')('2006032', "Adidas's Adicolr program allows buyers to personalize their sneakers with colorful markers; photos (M)")('2006032', 'New York Democratic gubernatorial hopeful Eliot Spitzer compares upstate New York to Appalachia; Gov George E Pataki calls comparison insult, because in some areas upstate New York actually is Appalachia (M)')('2006032', "Suffolk County, NY, police arrest Khairual N Abdul and Parmjit P Singh in Sacramento, Calif, extradite them to New York and charge them with murder of 4-year-old daughter Jennifer Shafiq; Jennifer's remains were found in Manorville, NY, woods in 1996; Singh tells Sacramento police that Abdul killed child in 1990; DNA testing confirmed identity of Jennifer (M)")('2006032', "Service Employees International Union rejects New York City building owners' demand that workers accept one-year pay freeze and pay 15 percent of health premiums; union threatens strike on April 21 (S)")('2006032', 'JVC introduces SU-DH1, wallet-size adapter that plugs in between headphones and music source that offers virtual 5.1-channel surround sound through ordinary headphones; photo (S)')('2006032', "Microsoft offers unlimited technical support to rival software companies to help them develop programs that work smoothly with Windows operating system; move is Microsoft's latest effort to comply with European Commission order and avoid daily fines of up to 2 million euros ($2.4 million); commission spokesman Jonathan Todd says that while move is 'positive,' rivals should not have to rely on help from Microsoft and that technical documents should be clear enough not to require technical support (M)")('2006032', "Meyer Rangell letter says former Atty Gen John Ashcroft, 'model of moral rectitude' who stresses his 'integrity,' is marketing his knowledge of how Washington works and gave his game away by saying he is earning multiples of what he did in public service")('2006032', 'New York State Public Employment Relations Board will vote on recommendation that contract dispute between Transit Workers Union and Metropolitan Transportation Authority go to binding arbitration (S)')('2006032', "Dave Anderson Sports of The Times column discusses NFL commissioner Paul Tagliabue's 16-year tenure; Tagliabue announced his retirement (M)")('2006032', 'Michelle Slatalla Online Shopper column on where to find casual cotton twill pants that fit and flatter as well as jeans; photos (M)')('2006032', 'Canadian Telecommunications Policy Review Panel calls for gradual reduction and eventual elimination of restrictions on foreign ownership of telecommunications companies as well as deregulation of phone and Internet services (M)')('2006032', "Malcolm X Shabazz High School (NJ) girls' basketball team defeats Bloomfield Tech High School, 66-56, to win New Jersey State Interscholastic Athletic Association Tournament of Champions (M)")('2006032', "New York State police investigate allegation by unnamed aide that State Sen Ada L Smith of Queens threw coffee at and pulled hair of aide in Smith's Albany, NY, office (M)")('2006032', 'Fox wins ratings for Tuesday night with hit show American Idol (S)n')('2006032', 'Stuart Elliott Advertising column on continuing setbacks at Interpublic Group of Cos, whic hposted loss for fourth quarter and restated results for first three quarters of 2005 and disclosed resignation of chief accounting officer Nicholas Cyprus; photo (M)')('2006032', 'Photo of Washington Nationals player Alfonso Soriano, who finally agreed to play outfield')('2006032', "Frank DiMarco letter says Pres Bush's plan to leave Iraq to future administration fits into his life of making big messes he walks away from; adds that nation got what it deserved for electing him and Dick Cheney")('2006032', "Letter from Kurdistan envoy Qubad Talabany says violence and vandalism at Halabja memorial were work of local opposition group that has criticized depiction of victims' deaths in 1988 chemical weapons attack")('2006032', "Couples who work out together are growing in number; are finding they must listen to each other, compromise with each other and anticipate each other's wishes; exercising together reveals nuances of power and ego in relationships and also offers pleasure and creates closer bonds; photos (M)")('2006032', "WB network will broadcast censored version of new drama The Bedford Diaries, but will offer uncensored version of pilot episode on its Web site; move comes after Federal Communications Commission issued millions of dollars in fines to stations that broadcasted 'indecent' content (M)")('2006032', 'Reinhold E Rau, taxidermist who spent three decades trying to breed quagga, extinct zebra, back into existence, dies; photo (M)')('2006032', 'Family of Romona Moore, Brooklyn murder victim, sees trend of her homicide being eclipsed by other events; verdict is reached in trial of one man accused in Moore murder but remains sealed until jury in case of other defendant begins deliberations; photos (M)')('2006032', 'Orlando Magic defeat New York Knicks, 111-87; photo (M)')('2006032', 'Samsung executives Sun Woo Lee, Yeongho Kang and Young Woo Lee reportedly agree to plead guilty and serve prison sentences in US for their roles in dynamic random access memory chip price-fixing conspiracy; each also agrees to pay $250,000 fine (M)')('2006032', 'Personal Shopper column offers variety of unmatched chairs, tables and tableware for informal dining; photos (M)')('2006032', 'KPMG reaches revised settlement under which some 60 tax shelter investors who chose not to join can come back in and those who are currently in deal can elect not to participate; final amount available is unlikely to exceed $155 million, and may drop to $125 million or lower (M)')('2006032', 'Issues arise over background of New York Republican senatorial hopeful Kathleen Troia McFarland; interviews with officials in Pres Ronald Reagan administration and review of documents show her claims about her role were not entirely accurate; photo (M)')('2006032', 'Beauty-related blogs are booming; many of most popular sites allow visitors to exchange tips, review products and even swap them; beauty product manufacturers and their marketers are also starting blogs and online forums to promote their products; photos (M)')('2006032', "Gonzaga University and Adam Morrison prepare to face UCLA in men's NCAA tournament Round of 16; photos (M)")('2006032', "British broadcaster ITV rejects bid from group of buyout firms under which former BBC director general Greg Dyke would succeed Charles Allen as ITV's chief executive (M)")('2006032', "Kaveh L Afrasiabi letter says US and Iran have shared interest in Iraq's stability and should work together to contain nose dive toward civil war")('2006032', 'Panasonic introduces compact, lightweight digital projector that can show digital photos on 38- to 300-inch screens without computer hookup; photo (M)')('2006032', 'Pete Stivers recounts two-week ordeal after he and family got stuck in recreational vehicle in snow-covered mountains of Oregon (S)')('2006032', "Josh Konecky buys Eisenberg's Sandwich Shop, quelling rumors that Manhattan restaurant, open since 1929, had closed; photo (M)")('2006032', 'Washington Nationals player Alfonso Soriano says he will commit to playing left field as best he can after refusing to move from infield; photo (M)')('2006032', 'Los Angeles County Museum of Art is showcasing large selection of designs by Ettore Sottsass; photos (S)')('2006032', 'Ilya Shlyakhter letter says Israeli security wall, like stitches on a wound, is painful disfiguring presence that is nevertheless necessary to make wound heal')('2006032', 'Chinese government, in effort to rein in rising use of energy and timber and widen gap between rich and poor, announces plans to imcrease existing taxes and impose new ones on April 1; new or higher taxes will be imposed on vehicles with engines larger than two liters, disposable wooden chopsticks, planks for wood floors and other items, including certain oil products; taxes are likely to affect foreign automakers more than Chinese companies, which tend to make models with smaller engines; photo (M)')('2006032', 'New York Philharmonic announces plans for 42nd season of concerts in parks; photo (S)')('2006032', "Political Memo on future of White House aides Andrew Card and Karl Rove in light of Pres Bush's comment that he may add new senior figure; photos; speculation on some potential appointees (M)")('2006032', 'Eric Wilson column on return of full beards on both gay and straight men as backlash against heightened grooming expectations of metrosexuality; photos (M)')('2006032', 'New York Yankees players Jason Giambi and Gary Sheffield are named as steroid users in book Game of Shadows: Barry Bonds, BALCO, and the Steroids Scandal that Rocked Professional Sports, by Mark Fainaru-Wada and Lance Williams (M)')('2006032', "Old Dominion University defeats Hofstra University, 61-51, in men's National Invitation Tournament quarterfinal; photo (M)")('2006032', 'Sovereign Bancorp and largest shareholder, Relational Investors, agree to settle legal dispute and proxy battle; Sovereign, as part of agreement, elects Relational principal Ralph Whitworth to board and agrees to renominate him to another three-year term in 2007; will also elect another independent director selected from Relational-approved list; Relational agrees to drop objections to Sovereign plan to sell 19.8 percent stake to Banco Santander for $2.4 billion (M)')('2006032', 'Sundayland design firm in Los Angeles creates styrofoam and vinyl coffee table that looks like huge block of marble; photos (S)')('2006032', 'Letter from Court TV chairman Henry Schleiff supports having cameras in courtrooms where judges maintain decorum, not in Iraqi court where Saddam Hussein is manipulating proceedings')('2006032', 'Humane societies and rescue groups are making potential cat and dog owners fill out multipage applications and provide references, and they are doing background checks, interviews and even home visits before approval; many families are stung when they are denied pet; animal adoption groups say they want to avoid giving pets to owners who will abuse them, but some adoption specialists say elaborate vetting of clients is overkill; photos (M)')('2006032', "News analysis; New Jersey Gov Jon S Corzine may have projected image of fiscal savior, but now faces budget realities; there is little doubt that Corzine is frustrated that he cannot begin to promote his social and legislative agenda, especially with Democratic legislature, but instead has undertake unpopular task of raising taxes and making cuts to close $4.5 billion deficit; legislators say chronic budget problems may take up half of Corzine's term (M)")('2006032', 'Judd Burstein, former lawyer of prosecution witness Burton Kaplan in trial of Louis Eppolito and Stephen Caracappa, testifies, corroborating statements by Kaplan; waives attorney-client privilege and testifies that Kaplan told him in 1994 that Kaplan was liaison between defendants and Luchese crime family, for which defendants allegedly served as hired killers; other witnesses noted (M)')('2006032', 'New York Mets defeat Los Angeles Dodgers, 2-1, in spring training exhibition game (M)')('2006032', 'State court in San Francisco is scheduled to hear arguments on motion by Baker Capital to dismiss case brought by Wine.com on jurisdictional grounds; former Wine.com president George Garrick and other investors sued Baker, whose funds invested $17 million in Wine.com in 2004; details in complaint and court documents show how relations with backers can sour; photo (M)')('2006032', "New York Sen Hillary Rodham Clinton assails Republican Congressional legislation proposal to tighten border security and criminalize offering aid to illegal immigrants; calls measures 'mean-spirited' and not in keeping with Scripture; other Democrats join Clinton in denouncing Republican proposals; Clinton is running for re-election and is leading in polls for Democratic presidential nomination; photo (M)")('2006032', 'New York City home of Donald Judd, sculptor widely admired for integrating architecture and design into his art, is being restored and renovated, with intention of opening it to public; photos (M)')('2006032', 'Army Corps of Engineers is unveiling 45-foot-tall steel frameworks that, mounted with gates, will placed placed near mouth of 17th Street Canal to prevent storm from again sending Lake Pontchartain into New Orleans; photos; diagram (M)')('2006032', 'Bernard Lacoste, fashion entrepremeur who directed international expansion of Lacoste fashion firm into billion-dollar enterprise, dies at age 74; photo(M)')('2006032', 'Alex Kuczynski Critical Shopper column on new Container Store in Manhattan and its use of hand-held scanner that allows customers to point at an item, then click to buy it, and then have it delivered to them by end of same day; photos (M)')('2006032', 'New York Civil Liberties Union accuses New York City Police Department of providing false information used to prosecute hundreds of people arrested during protests at 2004 Republican National Convention in New York City; questions veracity of deposition taken from police inspector James Essig as part of litigation in federal court filed by demonstrators claiming false arrest and civil rights violations (M)')('2006032', 'American distance runner Lynn Jennings announces her retirement (S)')('2006032', 'Robert F Sommer letter says Pres Bush offers same talking points, non-sequiturs and straw-man arguments on Iraq that we have heard for years, with only moment of clarity his admission that he has had to spend political capital on war')('2006032', 'Fujifilm introduces FinePix 6.3-megapixel F30 pocket camera, which can take digital pictures in low light with or without flash; photo (S)')('2006032', 'Photo of sedated and caged coyote after chase through Central Park in New York City')('2006032', 'Environmental Protection Agency study warns people who live near congested highways and in large cities like New York have increased risk of cancer; study, based on 1999 data, covers 177 toxins but is criticized for excluding dioxins and some parts of diesel exhaust; study says New York City has most polluted air in state (S)')('2006032', 'Germany defeats US, 4-1, in friendly match (M)')('2006032', "L Tammy Duckworth, retired Army major who lost her legs in Iraq, wins close Democratic primary in suburban Chicago district for Congressional seat of Henry Hyde, who is retiring; problems with Cook County's new voting system delay results; photo; Forrest Claypool concedes to incumbent Cook County Board president John H Stroger Jr; state Treasurer Judy Baar Topinka narrowly wins Democratic contest to challenge Gov Rod Blagojevich; Duckwork has 44 percent of vote, Christine Cegelis 40 percent; will face state Sen Peter J Roskam, who, like her, has strong national party support (M)")('2006032', 'New York City unveils prototype of street toilet, which will be closed at night to keep out vagrants; use of toilet will be 25 cents and city initially plans to place as many as 20 throughout city; Cemusa Inc will build toilets, newsstands and bus shelters at no charge and pay city fee in exchange for advertising rights; photo (M)')('2006032', 'Profile of and interview with Steve Buscemi; film Lonesome Jim, which he wrote and directed, stars Casey Affleck and Liv Tyler; photo (M)')('2006032', 'Francois Perrin, Los Angeles-based architect, renovates Venice bungalow, using low-cost, high-tech materials that stay in touch with nature and are inspired by theories of French artist Yves Klein; photos (S)')('2006032', 'Gene Scott, world-ranked tennis player, tournament director, agent and founder, publisher and editor of Tennis Week magazine, dies at age 68; photo (M)')('2006032', 'Rudolph W Giuliani will campaign for fellow Republicans in Iowa this spring; move generates talk of presidential ambitions (S)')('2006032', 'Room to Improve column discusses how to seal interior brick walls; photo (M)')('2006032', "Wives of college basketball coaches enjoy more of spotlight as their husbands' teams move through NCAA tournament; photos (M)")('2006032', 'Awad Halabi letter says Israel has right to build security wall along its own borders but not on Palestinian land')('2006032', 'Hispanic Society of America has decided to move downtown from Washington Heights, NYC, to draw more visitors and acquire space it needs to display its art and artifacts; since its founding in 1903, society, which is home to one of largest collections of Hispanic cultural material outside Spain, has remained on Audubon Terrace near Broadway at 155th St; proposal to move ahead with relocation plans received unanimous support from trustees at meeting at Prado Museum in Madrid; photos (M)')('2006032', 'Harvey Araton Sports of The Times column discusses New York Yankees player Johnny Damon, who faced former team Boston Red Sox in spring training game; photo (M)')('2006032', 'Michiko Kakutani reviews book Game of Shadows: Barry Bonds, Balco and the Steroids Scandal that Rocked Professional Sports by Mark Fainaru-Wada and Lance Williams; photos (M)')('2006032', "New York Democratic attorney general hopeful Sean P Maloney begins airing campaign television commercials that assail Bush administration's domestic eavesdropping program; says he will demand program is halted if he is elected (M)")('2006032', "Steven Murray letter says there is no chance of overcoming New York City's huge litter problem without legislation and enforcement of laws forbidding leaving of menus and circulars")('2006032', 'New York City police and park workers trap and sedate coyote in Central Park after chase; coyote was sighted several days earlier; officials speculate coyote made its way to city from Westchester County; release into coyote-friendly habitat is planned; photos (M)')('2006032', 'Phillip Alder bridge column on National Open Teams in Canberra, Australia; diagram (M)')('2006032', 'Anthrax victim Vado Diomande remains hospitalized but is recovering; Diomande, New York City resident, fell ill when he inhaled anthrax spores while working with animal skins from Africa; his discharge is planned for near future; photo (M)')('2006032', "Michael Boyajian letter says it does not bode well that Pres Bush, believing he is right and everyone else is wrong on Iraq, ignores history's teaching that no leaders should put his vanity before needs of the people")('2006032', "New York Jets do not discuss quarterback Chad Pennington's progress as he returns from shoulder surgery; photo (M)")('2006032', 'Linda Rodin, fashion stylist, uses combination of blue paints to get just the right aquatic feeling for her Manhattan apartment; photos (M)')('2006032', 'Frostig Center in Pasadena, Calif, which helps children with learning disabilities, is selling limited-edition bronze sculpture by architect Frank Gehry, which resembles his signature twisted skyscrapers, as part of its annual fund-raising drive; photo (S)')('2006032', 'People who are newly separated or divorced are turning to interior design to radically remake their environments to suit their new lives, spite their former spouses, or both; photos (M)')('2006032', 'Defense Department considers formal rule that would bar military tribunals from considering evidence obtained through torture')('2006032', "Thomas Lee, founder of buyout firm Thomas H Lee Partners, steps down as part of long-arranged succession plan; Lee, as part of agreement, will no longer hold interest in any of firm's future funds but will be able to call his new venture Thomas H Lee Capital; photo (M)")('2006032', "New York Times Co says it expects net income of 22 to 24 cents per share in first quarter, compared with 76 cents per share year earlier; reports both advertising and total revenue in February rose, in large part because of company's About.com Web site; reports overall ad revenue rose 3.7 percent (S)")('2006032', 'Lawyer for convicted murderer Martin H Tankleff files appeal five days after conviction is upheld in 1988 killing of his parents; cites new evidence and witnesses; photo (S)')('2006032', 'New Jersey Gov Jon S Corzine joins assemblage of city and county workers and business people for breakfast at Jersey City, NJ, diner to gauge opinions on his budget proposals (M)')('2006032', 'Larry Magid Circuits column offers advice on having someone build custom-made computer; computer makers Hank Skawinski, Steve Krex and others comment; drawing (M)')('2006032', 'Some workers at General Motors truck plant in Flint, Mich, among 27,000 who have been offered early retirement buyouts, comment on what they plan to do; photo (M)')('2006032', 'New York City Council approves $50.8 million operating budget for 2007 (S)')('2006032', 'Philadelphia Flyers defeat New York Rangers, 6-3; photo (M)2')('2006032', "LG Electronics introduces GSA-5169D, external optical recorder that simplifies transferring practically anything to CD's and DVD's; photo (S)")('2006032', 'Donna Fenton is charged by Brooklyn authorities with fraud and grand larceny for falsely claiming to be Hurricane Katrina victim and taking thousands of dollars in state and federal aid; Fenton had been profiled by The New York Times while living at Ramada Plaza Hotel in Queens and she detailed her travails with bureaucracy while attempting to resettle in New York City; photo (M)')('2006032', "Federal prosecutors' effort to have Zacarias Moussaoui executed for Sept 11 terrorist attacks appears bolstered by final two witnesses; aviation security official Robert J Cammaroto tells jury several measures could have been put in place that might have foiled plot if Moussaoui had disclosed what he knew when he was arrested three weeks earlier; FBI agent Aaron Zebley makes similar point; photo of bomb-sniffing dog outside Alexandria courthouse (M)")('2006032', "Ann Anderson letter says Pres Bush's remark that bringing troops home from Iraq will be up to future presidents continues pattern of deflecting responsibility from himself")('2006032', 'Apparel makers are embedding antimicrobial agents into fabrics to prevent sweat-soaked workout clothes from developing odors; photos (M)')('2006032', "Gene Richard letter on Pres Bush's remark that Iraq war looked good on paper; says it was always naive and half-baked, even before it blew up in face of car bombs and sectarian violence")('2006032', "National Academy of Sciences panel says high concentrations of fluoride that occur naturally in small percentage of nation's drinking water can damage teeth and bones and that federal regulators should reduce level considered safe for home consumption; study for EPA does not take up much smaller amounts added to water to prevent tooth decay; 200,000 people have water with naturally occurring fluoride of at least four parts per million and many already use filters or bottled water; vast majority of Americans consume water with 0.7 to 1.2 parts of fluoride per million (M)")('2006032', 'Sid Tamm letter on Pres Bush statement that he listens to what the enemy says suggests it would be better if he listened to Americans and allies on Iraq')('2006032', 'T-Mobile introduces MDA, cellphone powered by Windows Mobile 5.0 that runs on its GSM network, supports four international cellphone frequencies, connects to EDGE networks and also has Bluetooth and Wi-Fi capabilities; photo (S)')('2006032', 'New fragrances are blended, positioned and marketed to appeal to both men and women; photos (M)')('2006032', "Morgan Stanley reports quarterly earnings rose 17 percent, to $1.64 billion, compared with $1.4 billion year ago; revenue climbed 14 percent, to $8.48 billion; results show continued weakness in firm's struggling retail and asset management businesses; photo (M)")('2006032', 'Kevin Inkawhich, landscape gardener, collects materials, like camellia leaves or pine cones, from wherever he roams and fashions them into botanical mobiles; photo (S)')('2006032', 'Boldface column; Ben Kingsley comments on his movie Lucky Number Slevin; scene described at movie after-party attended by Bruce Willis, Lucy Liu and others in New York City (M)')('2006032', 'Virginia Postrel Economic Scene column traces history of shipping containers, which revolutionized international shipping 50 years ago (M)')('2006032', "Grand jury in New York City indicts Darryl Littlejohn in murder of Imette St Guillen; Littlejohn is last person to have seen St Guillen alive when she left Manhattan bar The Falls, where he worked as bouncer; police say Littlejohn's DNA matches that found on plastic ties used to bind St Guillen; photos (M)")('2006032', 'New York Yankees defeat Boston Red Sox, 5-4, in spring training exhibition game; photo (M)')('2006032', 'Readers respond to Thomas Friedman’s March 24 column, “Worried About India’s and China’s Booms? So Are They“ Sanjay Kothari, New York: It gets worse in other parts of the country, but in Mumbai — a city which is the home of Bollywood, advertising, and commerce — there are no more than two or three serious […]')('2006032', 'Formula One likes to boast that it is the third most watched sporting event in the world after the Olympics and World Cup soccer - but that it runs every two weeks, rather than every four years as with those events. So what happens when its races happen to clash with those events? This year [...]')('2006032', "When you spend a year in Iraq, driving around on dangerous roads or getting attacked with mortars and rockets on your base, you always wonder what kind of role luck plays in your life. I have always felt lucky. I am an optimist. I don't worry a whole lot from day to day, which helps [...]")('2006032', "Walking up Broadway from Union Square the other day, I came upon a happy sight, one that I hadn't expected to see until the weather turned much warmer.")('2006032', 'After my Tuesday column encouraging a "gap year" for students abroad, I had lots of emails from Peace Corps volunteers. Typical was this one from Kendra: "While in college, I elected to avoid the traditional term abroad – one where I\'d spend a term with one professor and a group of other students in a [...]')('2006032', "Will the political career of Sharpe James be over if he does not run for mayor? After all, there's more at stake for him than the mayoralty. He is also a state senator who will be up for re-election in 2007. And because of the intricate system of political privilege and influence that governs political [...]")('2006032', 'Citing disappointing growth in Britain and Ireland, Campbell Soup said Friday that it was considering the sale of its businesses in those countries. It said the British and Irish businesses have annual sales of about $490 million and include brands such as Homepride sauces, OXO dry stocks and Batchelors dry soup and meals. Go to [...]')('2006032', "In Wednesday's item about Vivendi Universal, DealBook misidentified an entity in connection with Sebastian Holdings, a investment firm that is reportedly considering an attempt to pressure Vivendi to sell certain assets. Benoit Jamar, who recently worked with Sebastian Holdings in its dealing with another French company, was sued by the estate of AmeriServe Food Distribution, [...]")('2006032', 'Lucent Technologies and Alcatel may say they are discussing a "merger of equals," but it is clear that Alcatel will bear most of the credit risk in such a deal. The disparity was highlighted on Friday as credit rating firm Standard & Poor\'s commented on the proposed merger between the two telecommunciations firms. As a [...]')('2006032', "It's been a good year so far for all the passive investors in real estate - that is, all of you who'd rather sink a few dollars in a mutual fund or real estate investment trust rather than buy and manage property yourselves. With the first quarter coming to a close, real estate mutual funds [...]")('2006032', 'Donald Bradley (Dith Pran/The New York Times) Another clue that Sharpe James is getting out of the mayoral race? Just before the ballot positions were to be drawn today for South Ward Municipal Council races, veteran Council President Donald Bradley stood and announced in dramatic fashion that he would not be seeking re-election. "It\'s been [...]')('2006032', 'For weeks I\'ve seen comments in the press from real estate agents saying that the weather was keeping people from attending open houses and making offers. The National Association of Realtors report on buoyant home sales says just the opposite: the weather helped. According to David Lereah, the association\'s chief economist: "Weather conditions across much [...]')('2006032', "Beware the burglar-broker. Homeowners found cameras, jewelry and money missing after visits from Susan Silok, a broker with Coldwell Banker Residential Brokerage, and her oversize purse, reports The Record of Bergen County, N.J. News of the arrest Wednesday rattled North Jersey's real estate community, primarily because agents say they work hard to earn a homeowner's [...]")('2006032', 'Readers respond to Paul Krugman\'s Mar. 24 column, "Letter to the Secretary" Dan Zukowski, Newport Beach, Calif.: The problem with executive pay is that it no longer follows the time-honored risk/reward ratio. Let\'s say an entrepreneur starts a business, becomes successful and hires employees. He generally pays himself substantially more than the people he hires, [...]')('2006032', "(Dith Pran/The New York Times) Before today's drawing for positions on the mayoral ballot in the Municipal Council chamber at City Hall, Cory Booker carefully examined the drawing cards before they were placed in a rotating wooden container. It didn't help. Once again, Mayor Sharpe James won the top spot, just as he did in [...]")('2006032', 'Induction into the Standard & Poor\'s 500 Index is a screaming "buy" signal for a stock, or so the conventional wisdom goes. Index fund managers are required to add such shares to their portfolios, triggering a wave of buying in the market. So it was hardly surprising when Google\'s stock jumped more than 8 percent [...]')('2006032', "(Norman Y. Lono for The New York Times) Residents of Brick Towers, including Cory Booker, arrived at the property's management office yesterday afternoon ready to confront the Newark Housing Authority about plans to demolish the two decaying buildings and force the remaining tenants to leave. They ended up disappointed. Ladio Negron, the authority's district manager, [...]")('2006032', "Another hostile suitor has pulled in its horns. On the same day that Germany's Merck announced it would end its pursuit of Schering, insurance giant Aviva stepped up to say it has withdrawn its $30 billion bid to acquire rival Prudential. In Aviva's case, there had been speculation that the company might raise its offer [...]")('2006032', 'When Republican National Committee chairman Ken Mehlman - during an appearance ABC\'s "This Week" earlier this year - called Hillary Clinton an "angry" politician, a mini-hubbub ensued in the opinionsphere over the appropriateness of Mehlman\'s remark. This must have surprised Mehlman, since calling Democrats "angry" has been a standard Republican talking point for years. The [...]')('2006032', 'The details of a possible Lucent Technologies-Alcatel merger continued to trickle out early Friday. Lucent C.E.O. Patricia Russo would be chief executive of the combined company, people close to the discussions said. The enlarged entity would have its "executive office" in Paris, though it would continue to have major operations in both the United States [...]')('2006032', "Canada's iconic coffee-shop chain, Tim Hortons, lived up to the considerable hype surrounding its initial public offering on Friday. Its shares leapt 34 percent in early trading in what was the largest I.P.O. in North America so far this year. The offering, which has captivated Canadian doughnut fans since it was announced, raised about $672 [...]")('2006032', 'The American Prospect\'s Matthew Yglesias hates the N.C.A.A. college basketball tournament, now in its second weekend, and he claims it\'s not because he always loses the magazine\'s office pool: "College ball is, simply put, basketball played badly, and America\'s obsession with that game\'s absurd method of determining a national champion is the true madness." The [...]')('2006032', 'Put off by the nearly $20 billion price offered by Bayer, Germany\'s Merck said Friday that it would abandon its effort to acquire pharmaceutical company Schering. That seems to be exactly what Schering hoped would happen when it embraced Bayer\'s "white knight" approach, announced late Thursday. Schering, based in Berlin, has said it will recommend [...]')('2006032', "Sharpe James (Associated Press) It was certainly a sign of Sharpe James's enduring standing as a Newark institution that veteran Representative Donald Payne and his brother, a longtime state assemblyman, both turned up at his fund-raiser yesterday evening downtown at the Robert Treat Hotel. But perhaps the surest indication of the mayor's continuing influence was [...]")('2006032', 'Another day, another endorsement for Cory Booker. On Wednesday, he won the support of the local firefighters union and yesterday, Cleopatra Tucker, the influential wife of the late city councilman, Donald Tucker, announced that she would be backing the Booker team of candidates. The fact that Mr. Booker was polite and cordial to the mayor [...]')('2006032', 'Lucent Technologies, the phone equipment maker that became a symbol of last decade\'s boom-and-bust cycle in telecommunications, is in negotiations to be acquired by Alcatel of France for about $12.6 billion, people close to the discussions said late Thursday. The two companies confirmed the talks last night in a statement, saying they were "engaged in [...]')('2006032', "In a bid that could help partly restore Germany's historic prominence in the pharmaceutical industry, the drug and chemical giant Bayer late Thursday announced a nearly $20 billion offer for its smaller rival, Schering, topping a $17.9 billion offer by Merck of Germany Shares of Schering jumped on in Friday trading in Frankfurt after the [...]")('2006032', "Google will replace oil and gas producer Burlington Resources in the S&P 500 Index, Standard & Poor's said on Thursday. Shares of Google are up sharply. The move, which takes effect after the close of trade on March 31, means many portfolio managers will have to add Google shares to their holdings. Many index funds [...]")('2006032', 'The Reebok Club and six other upscale sports clubs are about to get a whole lot glitzier. Real estate developer Millennium Partners, which owns Reebok and five Sports Club/LA properties, plans to invest $25 million to beef up amenities, including the creation of mind/body centers and the expansion of the yoga and Pilates programs Go [...]')('2006032', 'Nikko Cordial may buy a 50 percent stake in Tokyo Star Bank Ltd., valued at about $1.2 billion, to become the first Japanese securities firm to acquire a commercial lender, Bloomberg News reported. Much of the stake will come from Lone Star Funds, the Dallas-based investment firm that owns 68 percent of Tokyo Star. Go [...]')('2006032', 'Now that the first blush of deal fever has worn off, some London Stock Exchange brokers and traders are starting to ask what benefits, exactly, would come from combining with Nasdaq? The short answer is that no one is entirely sure. Go to Article from The New York Times »')('2006032', "Europe's takeover wars touched fresh depths on Thursday when the French utility company Suez called on regulators to halt weeks of yo-yo speculation of its share price. Gerard Mestrallet, Suez's chief executive, blamed conflicting media reports over the Italian utility Enel's plans to begin a hostile bid for Suez. Go to Article from The Telegraph [...]")('2006032', "United Arab Emirate-controlled DP World's auction of its U.S. port business gets under way, there is increasing concern that U.S.-based terminal operators lack the financing or the operational heft to take over some of America's largest trade gateways. As a consequence, large private equity firms or foreign-based companies may ultimately lead the eventual purchase. Go [...]")('2006032', "So it's come to this in the global steel industry: You can make as much news talking about who you're not going to buy as you can actually making a bid. Earlier this month, Arcelor s chief executive, Guy Dolle, grabbed headlines when he informed U.S. Steel's chief, John P. Surma, that his company would [...]")('2006032', "Life insurer Friends Provident, which saw profits rise 34 percent last year after international sales grew, said it could potentially benefit from takeover activity in the industry. The company has been seen as a possible target after larger rival Aviva's approach to Prudential. Go to Article from The Telegraph »")('2006032', 'Western European banks enjoyed a vintage year in 2005, as strong income growth, well controlled costs, and falling bad debts combined to produce strong increases in pretax profits. Early 2006 is likely to see a continuation of these factors, and while the headwind of an eventual "normalization" of credit quality and capital market conditions will [...]')('2006032', "Dell's move to buy Alienware on Wednesday could inject some life - otherworldly or not - into the world's largest PC company. But what is Chief Executive Michael Dell really getting by buying a niche player in the high-end game machine business? The deal, whose terms weren't disclosed, won't have a material impact on Dell, [...]")('2006032', 'An African-American Wall Street analyst with an Ivy League pedigree said Credit Suisse First Boston executives pushed her steadily down the corporate ladder, replacing her at each step with less experienced white men. According to an arbitration claim filed Tuesday by Anthia Christian, a former senior analyst and stock strategist CSFB, the firm waged a [...]')('2006032', 'Hong Kong billionaire and major Husky Energy shareholder Li Ka-shing said he "will not sell" the Canadian oil and natural-gas producer, Bloomberg News reported Thursday. Speaking to reporters in Hong Kong Thursday, Mr. Li, who controls a total of 71 percent of the Calgary-based company, confirmed speculation that Husky "has many potential buyers." Go to [...]')('2006032', "The namesake of Texas' tallest building will soon no longer be its largest tenant. J.P. Morgan Chase is vacating a hefty chunk of space in the 75-story downtown Houston skyscraper that bears its name. Located at 600 Travis, J.P. Morgan Chase Tower opened in 1981 and was originally named after the bank's predecessor, Texas Commerce [...]")('2006032', "Telecommunications developer Tekelec on Thursday said it received a notice from the Nasdaq Stock Market on March 20, indicating possible delisting of the company's stock as it delayed filing of annual results. Go to Article from Reuters »")('2006032', 'Generic-drug maker Andrx agreed on March 13 to be acquired by Watson Pharmaceuticals, No. 3 in generics, for $1.95 billion, or $25 a share, all in cash. But MMI Investments, the biggest stakeholder, with 12.3 percent, plans to oppose the deal, which is still awaiting regulatory approval, and others could follow suit. Go to Article [...]')('2006032', 'Many venture capital firms are loath to finance mash-ups - online mapping services - in part because they are not readily "defensible," meaning they might be replicated by others. Nonetheless, Kleiner Perkins and Omidyar Network, which was started by the founder of eBay, both decided to take a chance by making a small investment in [...]')('2006032', 'Lexar Media, a Fremont, Calif.-based maker of flash memory cards, is suddenly a hot company among hedge funds and activist shareholders. Over the past few weeks, several investor groups, including billionaire investor and former corporate raider Carl Icahn, have snatched up its shares, setting the stage for a proxy fight. Their gripe? Lexar announced a [...]')('2006032', 'Smart Technology Ventures has decided not to raise another fund after it deploys the capital in its third and most recent vehicle, and at least one STV partner is mulling the creation of a new venture capital firm, VentureWire said. Go to Article from VentureWire Professional »')('2006032', 'Siemens Venture Capital, the corporate venture arm for Siemens, said that it is setting up activities in India starting in June to look at investment opportunities both in India and China. Go to Article from VentureWire Professional »')('2006032', 'Tableau Software\'s chief executive, Christian Chabot, is confident that his three-year-old start-up will be the next big software company to emerge from Seattle. So confident that the 34-year-old already envisions the first sentence of an initial public offering prospectus - one he believes will read: "Tableau is the world\'s leading provider of visual analysis products." [...]')('2006032', 'The grand ballroom at the Pierre Hotel in New York is an unlikely place to hear people talk about going "clubbin\'," particularly when they\'re a bunch of Wall Street types wearing expensive suits. But that was the hot topic of conversation at the 18th annual private-equity conference sponsored by the trade magazine Buyouts in early [...]')('2006032', "The Schonfeld Group, well known for seeding and incubating proprietary traders, is rolling out a new vehicle run by the firm's top guns, signaling its entry into the hedge fund world. The multistrategy vehicle, created in collaboration with alternative asset manager/gatherer Weston Capital Management in Westport, Conn., will formally launch May 1 and feature two [...]")('2006032', "ITV could return up to 1.5 billion to shareholders as it prepares to convince them that they should reject a private equity-backed takeover approach. Britain's biggest commercial terrestrial broadcaster is constructing a bid defense despite a lack of support from its largest shareholder, Fidelity, which is understood to be keen for the buyout consortium to [...]")('2006032', 'Private equity activity in Mexico is heating up as big players step into the market and the regulatory climate becomes more welcoming. Until recently, there were just a few leading private equity firms investing in Mexico. But lately the Carlyle Group and Morgan Stanley have been making moves to boost their profile in the country. [...]')('2006032', 'Vector Capital has acquired a 9 percent stake in Seattle-based WatchGuard Technologies and is looking to gobble up the rest. The San Francisco private equity firm submitted a letter to WatchGuard\'s board last month saying that it was interested in an all-cash merger or tender offer "that would provide a significant premium" for shareholders. Go [...]')('2006032', "The British government has already received an approach for its stake in the uranium enrichment company Urenco barely 24 hours after Gordon Brown, the country's chancellor of the exchequer, announced in the budget there would be a wide-ranging divestment of publicly owned energy assets. An undisclosed North American company with holdings in the energy sector [...]")('2006032', "Tim Hortons' eagerly-anticipated initial public offering raised around $672 million late Thursday for the coffee-and-doughnut chain, which is being spun off by Wendy's International. The pricing of 29 million shares at $23.16 each came within the expected range of 22 to $24 a share, which was itself revised upward Monday from a range of $18 [...]")('2006032', "Under questioning by defense lawyers, Enron's former treasurer backed away on Thursday from statements that Jeffrey K. Skilling had supported a controversial off-the-books transaction as a way to skirt accounting rules, and admitted to other weaknesses in his earlier testimony. Go to Article from The New York Times » Go to Article from The New [...]")('2006032', 'An eclectic collection of 71 groups have signed up to testify before federal regulators deciding, of all things, whether Wal-Mart can open a bank. But like almost anything involving Wal-Mart these days, the dispute has less to do with specific legal or regulatory questions than it does with the deep rift the company has opened [...]')('2006032', "Mills Corp. in a filing late Wednesday said the Securities and Exchange Commission has commenced a formal investigation of beleaguered real estate investment trust. Go to Article from MarketWatch » The upgraded investigation, along with mounting shareholder litigation, is driving away Vornado Realty Trust's interest in buying Mills, according to TheStreet.com. Go to Article from [...]")('2006032', 'Members of two New York organized crime families were arrested and indicted on Thursday for running a penny stock scam that controlled and extorted money from brokerage firms through bribes, threats and violence, prosecutors said. Ten members and associates of the Colombo and Luchese families were indicted in federal court in Brooklyn on charges including [...]')('2006032', "New York's attorney general sued an Internet company on Thursday over the selling of e-mail addresses in what authorities say may be the biggest deliberate breach of Internet privacy. Attorney General Eliot Spitzer accused Washington-based Gratis Internet of selling personal information obtained from millions of consumers despite a promise of confidentiality. Go to Article from [...]")('2006032', 'Management of Sovereign Bancorp I may have won a battle but lost the war for long-term control of the bank. The peace deal between the bank and its biggest shareholder, Relational Investors, frees Sovereign to accept a controversial $2.4 billion investment by Banco Santander Central Hispano S.A., of Spain, and to complete the $3.6 billion [...]')('2006032', 'A federal judge on Thursday ordered Martin R. Frankel to serve the same sentence he got in 2004 for stealing $200 million from insurance companies: nearly 17 years in a federal prison. Mr. Frankel, a former financier, was ordered resentenced after a Supreme Court ruling last year gave judges more leeway in their use of [...]')('2006032', 'Northwest Airlines, with the sharpest elbows in the industry, is hustling through bankruptcy proceedings, accomplishing in six months what took United Airlines two years. But once Northwest emerges from bankruptcy, those aggressive tendencies could backfire. Workers, bitter over the size of concessions and the way Northwest extracted them, could become more difficult to manage as [...]')('2006032', 'Two former Qwest executives have asked a federal judge to reject a $400 million proposed settlement of shareholder lawsuits stemming from an accounting scandal, saying it would bar them from seeking indemnification as they work to settle the claims. Go to Article from The San Jose Mercury News »')('2006032', 'The Financial Services Authority is to allow fund managers to market high-risk hedge funds to retail investors for the first time. Under current rules, British residents can invest in a collective fund of hedge funds, but do so at their own risk. However, a leading City lawyer said the proposed changes had little chance of [...]')('2006032', "What do John A. Gotti; Cendant's former chief executive, Walter A. Forbes; and Frank P. Quattrone, the former investment banker, all have in common? As vastly different as those three cases are, they may all be threepeats, with each facing the prospect of a third trial in federal court. But much has changed since the [...]")('2006032', "Gannett, the nation's largest newspaper chain, said Thursday that it was weighing a bid for some of the 12 newspapers that McClatchy wants to sell after its planned acquisition of Knight Ridder this summer. Go to Article from The Philadelphia Inquirer » Meanwhile, private equity firm Yucaipa Companies, which is working with a union of [...]")('2006032', 'A leading Israeli software company abandoned its plans Thursday to buy a smaller U.S. rival in a $225 million deal because of national security objections by the Bush administration. Check Point Software Technologies in Ramat Gan, Israel, formally withdrew its proposal near the conclusion of a rare, full-blown investigation by a U.S. review panel over [...]')('2006032', 'Jim Cramer, the explosive host of CNBC\'s popular "Mad Money" program, is getting a sell rating from some graduate students at Northwestern University\'s business school. After sifting through 246 stock recommendations over a period of about 11 weeks, three researchers from the Kellogg School of Management claim to have found that buying Mr. Cramer\'s televised [...]')('2006032', 'In this lesson, students will learn about satire and develop original television shows that parody existing programs.')('2006032', 'Fox wins ratings for Wednesday night with show American Idol, despite new shows and lineups on other stations (S)')('2006032', 'Photo of protesters against Iraq war during visit by New York Sen Hillary Rodham Clinton to State University of New York at Stony Brook')('2006032', 'Ghulam Faruki letter says case of Afghan who converted from Islam to Christianity and is now threatened with death sentence (March 23 editorial) should unite all supporters of human rights, Muslim and non-Muslims')('2006032', "Photo of Texas University men's basketball team's win over West Virginia University, 74-71, in NCAA tournament Round of 16")('2006032', "Article on venture firms that are wary of investing in so-called mash-ups like Platial--new breed of Web-based application that mixes data from different online sources; holds many venture capital firms are loath to finance mash-ups, in part because they are not readily 'defensible,' meaning they might be replicated by others; says Kleiner Perkins and Omidyar Network decided to take chance by making small investment in Platial; Platial was founded by Di-Ann Eisnor; drawing (M)")('2006032', 'The Churn column on some recent corporate appointments (S)d')('2006032', 'Pres Bush faces test of his presidential powers as he pushes his immigration policy; he has lost control of his own party on issue, as many Republicans object to his call for temporary guest-worker program, insisting instead that focus be on stopping illegal immigration; issue will come to floor of Senate soon, and debate is expected to be heated; Bush is caught between two of his most important constituencies: business owners and conservatives; he is trying to satisfy both groups with toughened border enforcement plan coupled with temporary guest-worker program; photo (M)')('2006032', 'New York City anthrax victim Vado Diomande is released from hospital after month of treatment (S)')('2006032', 'Teenagers Steveasia Sapp and Travis Knight are wounded when gunmen shoot into crowd at Manhattan basketball court (S)')('2006032', 'Anselmo Colzani, operatic baritone, dies at age 87; photo (M)')('2006032', "New York City Mayor Michael R Bloomberg and John B Mattingly, commissioner of Administration for Children's Services, announce creation of ChildStat data collection and tracking system to help child welfare agency identify most serious cases of abuse and neglect; Mattingly says agency has increased caseworker hiring and has appointed former police official Susan Morley as senior adviser to improve investigations; reform of agency follows abuse and murder of 7-year-old Nixzmary Brown in January (M)")('2006032', "Memphis University defeats Bradley University, 80-64, in men's NCAA tournament Round of 16; photo (M)h")('2006032', "Paperback edition of Dan Brown best seller The Da Vinci Code is scheduled to appear in bookstores on same day as book The Jesus Papers by Michael Baigent; Baigent and Richard Leigh are currently suing British publisher of The Da Vinci Code, alleging that Brown took 'thematic' architecture of his book from their book The Holy Blood and the Holy Grail; photos (S)")('2006032', 'Future of television advertising is main topic of discussion at conference of Association of National Advertisers, meant as prelude to upfront market in May; upfront market is when TV networks introduce new programming and companies reconsider division of their advertising dollars; problem for TV advertising is that many companies have begun devoting larger portions of their advertising budgets to Internet, streaming video and even cellphone ads; survey of 133 national advertisers conducted by Association of National Advertisers and Forrester Research shows 78 percent of them believe TV advertising is less effective than it was two years ago; Forrester Research vice president Josh Bernoff says main culprit is digital video recorder (M)')('2006032', 'Carol Vogel Inside Art column; Cai Guo-Qiang, Chinese-born artist, will create site-specific installation for roof of Metropolitan Museum of Art; sculpture of building corner sprouting from ground by Sarah Sze will occupy part of Doris C Freedman Plaza at Fifth Avenue and 60th St, sponsored by Public Art Fund; Frick Collection is establishing Center for History of Collecting in America with $25,000 planning grant from Gladys Krieble Delmas Foundation; photo (M)')('2006032', 'New York State Sen Ada L Smith of Queens is summoned to appear in court to answer charges of assaulting staff member Jennifer Jackson by throwing hot coffee in her face (M)')('2006032', 'Dr James H Schwartz, neurobiologist who studied basis of memory, dies at age 73; photo (M)')('2006032', 'Federal judge orders New York State to produce plan by April 10 to comply with law requiring state to create database of registered voters and make voting machines usable by disabled; state had proposed interim plan after being sued by Justice Department (S)')('2006032', 'Hewlett-Packard Co adds to its ad agency roster McCann Erickson Worldwide to handle creative assignments, with spending estimated at $200 million (S)')('2006032', 'Cablevision agrees to carry SportsNet New York, new network of New York Mets (M)0')('2006032', "Excerpts from recent Frank Bruni reviews of restaurants Morimoto in Chelsea, P J Clarke's on the Hudson in Financial District, Blaue Gans in TriBeCa and Del Posto in Chelsea; photo (M)")('2006032', 'New York Knicks coach Larry Brown is discusses roster decisions as Knicks continue to struggle; photo (M)')('2006032', 'Lawyer for Peter Braunstein, who is accused of impersonating firefighter and sexually attacking woman in New York City in 2005, tells judge and prosecutor he plans to use insanity defense (S)')('2006032', "Article on Luxottica Group and Safilo Group of Agordo, Italy, world's largest manufacturers of eyeglass frames; focuses on rivalry between two companies and their corporate strategies; map; photos (L)")('2006032', 'New Jersey State Sen Raymond J Lesniak introduces bill to allow New Jersey Turnpike Authority to set up corporation to sell 49 percent of New Jersey Turnpike and Garden State Parkway to investors; money will be used toward pension liabilities; other cities and countries have already sold or leased their toll roads (M)')('2006032', "New York City police save 8-month-old boy from drowning in New York Narrows when father Charles Walker jumps in with child after stabbing child's mother in Staten Island; Walker drowns despite police efforts (S)")('2006032', "UCLA defeats Gonzaga University, 73-71, in regional semifinals of men's NCAA tournament; photos (M)s")('2006032', 'Profile of Darryl Littlejohn, who is charged with murder of Imette St Guillen in New York City (M)')('2006032', 'Paul A Flaherty, computer engineer who had original idea for first Internet search engine, dies at age 42; photo (M)')('2006032', 'Residents of Monroe Township, NJ, gather to mourn loss of 10 residents who died in bus crash in Chile; photo; map (M)')('2006032', 'Janet Maslin reviews book Flapper: A Madcap Story of Sex, Style, Celebrity and the Women Who Made America Modern by Joshua Zeitz; photos (M)')('2006032', "Wendy Moonan Antiques column on several gallery shows and auctions that feature antique Asian lacquerwares; notes pieces featured at Ingrao Gallery, Guggenheim Museum, William Lipton, Chinese Porcelain Company, J J Lally & Co and Sotheby's during Asia Week events in Manhattan; photo (M)")('2006032', "New York State Assembly committee report finds New York City's hurricane evacuation plan to be unworkable and lacking in contingency planning; plan is undergoing extensive revisions (M)")('2006032', 'National Association of Realtors says existing home sales rose 5.2 percent in February, to annual pace of 6.91 million homes, after falling 8.9 percent in previous five months; nationwide median price climbed 10.6 percent from year earlier, to $209,000; number of homes for sale continued to climb, rising by 5.2 percent, to 3.03 million, which at current pace of sales amounts to 5.3-month supply of homes; Labor Department reports claims for unemployment insurance fell by 11,000, to 302,000, for week ended March 18; number of outstanding claims for week ended March 11 rose by 38,000, to 2.5 million; graph; photo (M)')('2006032', 'New York Fire Patrol, underwritten by insurance industry, may be reaching end of its 200-year existence; patrol, which preceded Fire Department, responds to fires to salvage property and limit damage at commercial blazes; insurance industry is questioning whether efforts result in meaningful savings; photos (M)')('2006032', 'Some stock market participants are skeptical about merging London and Nasdaq stock markets; possible difficulties of any integration discussed; graph; photos (M)2')('2006032', 'Phoenix Suns center Amare Stoudemire has 20 points and 9 rebounds in return since missing 66 games with knee injury; photo (M)')('2006032', 'Mindy Utay letter says Nicholas D Kristof March 21 Op-Ed urging college students to travel to remote areas of Africa and elsewhere reminded her of her own student experience in Indonesia')('2006032', 'Eight current and two former New York City school employees are charged with improperly taking subsidies from Housing Authority; several are accused of concealing employment and income to avoid paying higher rent (S)')('2006032', "Alessandra Stanley TV Watch column on premiere of South Park's 10th season; episode portrays character of Chef as victim of brainwashing cult, obvious attack on Isaac Hayes, who voiced character and left show after it lampooned his religion, The Church of Scientology; photo (M)")('2006032', 'National Fair Housing Alliance files complaint with Department of Housing and Urban Development accusing Peter J Riolo Real Estate of Hastings-on-Hudson, NY, of steering white home buyers away from black and Hispanic neighborhoods (M)')('2006032', 'Molly Lister letter, prompted by Nicholas D Kristof March 21 Op-Ed urging college students to travel to remote parts of Africa and world, relates her experience in Honduras')('2006032', 'Alan Rusk letter says it is sad irony that Christian convert in Afghanistan who survived rule of Taliban is now threatened with capital punishment for his religious conversion (March 23 editorial)')('2006032', 'William C Rhoden Sports of')('2006032', "Feud between New York Republican gubernatorial hopeful William F Weld and Alfonse M D'Amato dates to 1996; Weld claims D'Amato gave him $750,000 for his Massachusetts senatorial campaign against John Kerry and told Weld to distance himself from Robert S Mueller III, who oversaw federal fraud investigation of D'Amato's brother Armand in early 1990's; D'Amato denies encounter took place, saying he met Weld recently; newspaper accounts indicate that D'Amato introduced Weld at 1996 fund-raiser in Washington; D'Amato has been praising Democratic gubernatorial front-runner Eliot Spitzer; photos; chart (M)")('2006032', 'New York State Public Employment Relations Board orders that contract dispute between Transit Workers Union and Metropolitan Transportation Authority head to binding arbitration; action comes three months after New York City transit strike (M)')('2006032', "Mary Winkler, wife of slain Tennessee pastor Matthew Winkler, is found alive and unharmed in Alabama with couple's three children; she is considered suspect in her husband's slaying (M)")('2006032', "Letter from Red Cavaney, American Petroleum Institute president and CEO, invites Thomas L Friedman (March 22 Op-Ed) to take look at today's oil and natural gas industry; says it is not narrowly focused on oil and natural gas alone")('2006032', "Market Place column; Northwest Airlines is hustling through bankruptcy proceedings, accomplishing in six months what took United Airlines two years; carrier's aggressive tendencies could backfire once Northwest emerges from bankruptcy; workers, bitter over size of concessions and way Northwest extracted them, could become more difficult to manage as airline tries to improve customer service and efficiency (M)")('2006032', "Louisiana State University defeats Duke University, 62-54, in men's NCAA tournament Round of 16; photos (M)")('2006032', 'Boldface column; scene described at reading of play The Caine Mutiny Court-Martial, scheduled to open May 7 in New York City (M)')('2006032', 'Profile of Kenneth J Ringler Jr, executive director of Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, who is involved in negotiations with developer Larry A Silverstein over rebuilding of World Trade Center site in New York City; photo (M)')('2006032', 'Troy Hendrix and Kayson Pearson are convicted of murdering Romona Moore in 2003 in Brooklyn; they face life sentences; photo (M)')('2006032', "Tobin O'Donnell letter, prompted by March 22 article on literary novels being published in paperback, says there is no incentive to buy hardcover book when reading paperback offers same experience")('2006032', 'New Jersey Nets defeat Minnesota Timberwolves, 86-82; photo (M)0')('2006032', 'Jim Furyk and Davis Love III share first-round lead at Players Championship (M)0')('2006032', 'Kyle H Wilkins letter says year spent in remote areas of Africa or elsewhere as suggested in Nicholas D Kristof March 21 Op-Ed will make global vagabonds, not productive citizens; says better idea is for students to intern across United States; drawing')('2006032', 'Philip B Kunhardt Jr, writer and producer of documentaries, dies at age 78 (M)')('2006032', 'Richard Sandomir TV Sports column discusses Majory')('2006032', 'Sixteen Orange, NJ, high school students are injured during fight at school that was broken up when police used pepper spray (S)')('2006032', 'Low interest rates has helped fuel boom in mergers; Federal Reserve policy markers are widely expected to raise rates another quarter-point next week; graph (S)')('2006032', 'Former Georgetown University star player Victor Page discusses crime-ridden life that helped keep him from NBA; photos (M)')('2006032', "New York State appeals court rules that New York City schools are being shortchanged at least $4.7 billion annually in state aid; holds that only governor and Legislature, not courts, can determine exact amount of education aid; orders Legislature to consider directing between $4.7 billion and $5.63 billion to city schools; leading legislators say current budget proposals will comply with court's decision; court also orders state to provide city about $9.2 billion over next five years for school construction projects (M)")('2006032', 'New York Yankees catcher Jorge Posada breaks nose while playing catch with teammate before spring training game (S)2')('2006032', 'New York Yankees pitcher Randy Johnson looks to record another good season in his second with Yankees, despite turning 42 years old; photos (M)')('2006032', 'Lucille Gordon letter says Parks Dept shows its unfriendly policies toward New Yorkers by instituting fee for community athletic facilities (March 18 article)')('2006032', 'Zachary D Kaufman letter, prompted by Nicholas D Kristof March 21 Op-Ed urging college students to spend year in remote areas of Africa and elsewhere, says students can explore and work in unfamiliar community in US without traveling abroad')('2006032', "Andrew Sullivan letter says Paul Krugman March 10 and March 20 columns suggest that Sullivan's conservative criticism of Pres Bush's policies are bogus; says his criticism of Bush's policies started early")('2006032', "Laurel Graeber Family Fare column recommends Vital Children's Theater production Out of Orbit: You Choose the Adventure, Stories in the Wind/Historias en el Viento program at Kerlin Learning Center and Celebration of Teaching and Learning, presented by television station Thirteen/WNET New York and WLIW21, at Pier 94; photo (M)")('2006032', 'Thomas Coen letter says as student who recently returned from studying in Cameroon, he agrees with Nicholas D Kristof (March 21 Op-Ed) that all students should spend time abroad')('2006032', 'Ten residents of Monroe Township, NJ, and two residents of Stamford, Conn, are killed when bus in Chile plunges down mountainside; survivors say bus driver swerved to avoid truck, but Chilean prosecutor says driver may have fallen asleep at wheel; photos; map (M)')('2006032', 'Derek Leebaert letter says Pentagon study analyzing effectiveness of Special Operations forces (March 18 article) reflects decades-old policy failings')('2006032', 'Darryl Littlejohn is charged with murder of Imette St Guillen, whose wrapped body was found in Brooklyn; police say murder was committed during attempted rape or sexual abuse; Littlejohn was employee at Manhattan bar the Falls, where St Guillen was last seen alive (M)')('2006032', "Texas University defeats West Virginia University, 74-71, in men's NCAA tournament Round of 16; photo (M)")('2006032', 'British weekly magazine The Economist appoints its United States editor John Micklethwait as its editor in chief; Micklethwait succeeds Bill Emmott; photo (M)')('2006032', "Document of Vice Pres Dick Cheney's hotel room demands when traveling lists 13 requirements, including bottled water, newspapers and thermostat set at 68 degrees (M)")('2006032', 'New York State Justice Shirley Werner Kornreich rejects request to halt work at World Trade Center site in New York City; families of trade center victims sought injunction against building of memorial and museum because work would damage historic remnants (S)')('2006032', "IBM researchers, in report in journal Science, say they have succeeded in fashioning electronic circuit around single carbon nanotube molecule; contend their approach could be used to simplify manufacturing of molecular electronic circuits; molecular electronics is effort to build Lilliputian world of logic and memory circuits that are less than one-tenth size of today's most advanced microelectronic components; Zhihong Chen, author of IBM paper, comments (M)")('2006032', "Bob Raphael letter asks if 59-year-old might enter Nicholas D Kristof's contest to take university student on reporting trip to Africa")('2006032', 'New York Mets pitcher Billy Wagner tries host of remedies to heal injured finger; photo (M)l')('2006032', "Ginia Bellafante Critic's Notebook on introduction of AOL Television, online television network that allows viewers to watch episodes from long list of series for free; network focuses on programming no longer in syndication and in some cases unavailable on DVD; photos (M)")('2006032', "Is a listing really a listing if it is not on a list? In Charles City, Iowa, population 8,000, a real-estate broker said he was asked to sell a sports bar - but to keep quiet about it, so as not to risk hurting business. The broker found a buyer. Then, in a lover's-triangle kind [...]")('2006032', "The condominium building at 69 West 106th Street played a part in forming New York real-estate law. Five years ago, Michael Taratuta suffered brain damage when he was struck by a piece of metal fence that fell from the roof. The building's $2 million in liability insurance was not sufficient, said his lawyer, Anthony Gair. [...]")('2006032', 'Cheryl Tevis, writing in this month\'s Successful Farming magazine, confesses to having succumbed to TMS syndrome - a behavioral disability manifested by an uncontrollable propensity to keep Too Much Stuff. "Seriously. I have a dinosaur in my closet. My brother-in-law, Rob, gave it to our younger daughter, Alexa, when she was 3." Alexa is now [...]')('2006032', "Rolf Myller, architect whose eclectic pursuits included writing children's books, puzzle books and guides to erotic games and Chinese food, dies at age 79 (S)")('2006032', 'News analysis of consequences of New York State appeals court ruling that directs Gov George E Pataki and Legislature to come up with plan to give New York City billions of dollars in school aid; notes that decision could signal end of 12-year legal battle; says that ruling lacks teeth because it found courts could not tell Legislature exactly what to do; photo (M)')('2006032', "American Red Cross, in shake-up of its relief operations in New Orleans, dismisses two key supervisors as part of inquiry into improper diversion of relief supplies after Hurricane Katrina; move comes after interim pres John F McGuire said organization was investigating accusations of impropriety, including possible criminal activity; Red Cross volunteers identify one of dismissed officials as Patrick Keena, senior official responsible for organization's food and shelter operations in disaster area (M)")('2006032', 'Prime Min Manmohan Singh of India calls for treaty with Pakistan, which welcomes offer but points to need to take on Kashmir issue (M)')('2006032', 'Oregon, which is exploring alternatives to its gasoline tax, is considering tax based on number of miles driven; graph; photo (M)')('2006032', 'Madeline Langlieb letter responds to Jennifer Delahunty Britz March 23 Op-Ed article; holds that to say college process has been emotionally draining would be understatement; says it is hard to come to terms with fact that being female means facing obstacles that boys do not face')('2006032', "Seton Hall University fires men's basketball coach Louis Orr; photo (M)/")('2006032', 'Correction on March 24 article about woman in McKeesport, Pa, who says she had been held captive for 10 years by Thomas Hose; he remains in police custody awaiting bail hearing')('2006032', "Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, Jordanian terrorist and head of Al Qaeda in Mesopotamia, has lowered his profile, and his group claims to have submitted itself to leadership of Iraqi named Abdullah Rashid al-Baghdadi; group claims to have joined with five other guerrilla groups to form Mujahedeen Shura, or Council of Holy Warriors; Mujahedeen Shura has stopped taking responsibility for large-scale suicide attacks against civilians, and it has toned down its verbal attacks against Iraq's Shiite majority; activities seem to follow advice of Ayman al-Zawahiri, Al Qaeda's second in command; US and Iraqi officials say they know little about Mujahedeen Shura or of Baghdadi or whether they exist at all (M)")('2006032', 'Dag A Thompson, American civilian employee at Kadena Air Base in Okinawa, is sentenced to nine years in prison for raping two women (S)')('2006032', 'Scientists and sightseers flock to see 20 harbor seals that have taken up residence on Swinburne Island and Hoffman Island in Lower New York Bay; seals have been seen in area since 2001; photos (M)')('2006032', 'Laura Bush, in interview with Larry King broadcast on CNN, says that she advises Pres Bush on personnel, and suggests that she weighs in on continuing calls from Republicans for new blood in West Wing (M)')('2006032', 'Correction on March 13 article about Tony DiSanto, executive vice president for series development at MTV Networks; Mark Burnett is executive producer of Survivor')('2006032', "Oklahoma University and women's bas")('2006032', "Mark A Stein Five Days column; General Motors, in agreement with United Automobile Workers union, offered $35,000 to $140,000 to its 113,000 employees in North America if they agreed to leave their jobs; also extended offer to more than 20,000 employees of its auto supplier Delphi; federal appeals court overturned obstruction-of-justice conviction of Credit Suisse First Boston banker Frank P Quattrone; Microsoft said its new computer operating system, Windows Vista, would not be available to customers before Christmas, as it had planned; Bayer said it would pay nearly $20 billion in cash for Schering, topping $17.9 billion offer by Merck of Germany; Zurich American Insurance Co, American subsidiary of Zurich Financial Services of Switzerland, agreed to pay $171.7 million to settle accusations of commercial insurance price fixing and bid rigging; Federal Judge Mariana R Pfzelzer found Gemstar-TV Guide former executive Henry C Yuen liable for securities fraud; L'Oreal of France agreed to buy Body Shop International for about $1.14 billion; Colgate-Palmolive acquired 84 percent stake in Tom's of Maine for $100 million; photo (M)")('2006032', 'M P Dunleavey Basic Instincts column on taking vacation without going into debt (M)')('2006032', 'Correction on March 24 chart listing Democratic women who are running for seats in Congress now held by Republicans')('2006032', "Connecticut University defeats Washington University, 98-92, in overtime of men's NCAA tournament Round of 16; photos (M)6")('2006032', "Lucent Technologies chairman-chief executive Patricia F Russo's decision to merge with Alcatel SA was about only option for Lucent, which has been on brink of bankruptcy; Russo, who took helm at Lucent in 2002, defied skeptics by returning company to profitability by cutting thousands of jobs, eliminating billions of dollars in debt and promoting wireless technology; new entity will face many hurdles; analysts and investors are upbeat about merger because by teaming up, companies could reduce their costs by consolidating some of their operations; benefits of such merger detailed; photo (L)")('2006032', 'New York City Department of Education reports that 43 percent of students were accepted into their first-choice high schools this year, increase from 37 percent in 2005 (S)')('2006032', 'Senate Judiciary Committee sets hearing for March 31 on call by Sen Russell D Feingold to censure Pres Bush for his approval of program to allow electronic eavesdropping without warrants (S)')('2006032', 'Florida Panthers defeat New York Rangers, 3-2, in shootout (M)2')('2006032', 'Author Gary Weiss Op-Ed article notes that mutual fund scandals that exploded in 2003 are winding down; says final act came when Bear Stearns agreed to settlement with Securities Exchange Commission under which it will pay $250 million to investors for its alleged fund-related transgressions; contends that while large fines are reassuring, it is arguable whether they mean very much to companies being penalized; holds that biggest Wall Street firms are too large to be effectively punished; maintains that SEC needs to make Wall Street firms wince when they do something wrong; says admission of guilt would be good start; holds that Congress could help by passing provision of tax-relief legislation that would make it harder for firms to take write-offs from settlements with government agencies (M)')('2006032', 'San Francisco Giants outfielder Barry Bonds says he is focusing on playing and not on accusations that he used steroids in book Game of Shadows; photo (M)6')('2006032', 'Dennis Holiday letter responds to Bob Buck March 18 Op-Ed article; holds that becoming airline pilot requires passion, perseverance and resilience')('2006032', 'Catherine Hammond letter notes that she applied to Stanford in 1964 as National Merit finalist, and rejection letter stated that quota that year was fixed at 400 for women and 800 for men; drawing')('2006032', "Nancy Goodman's employer, telecommunications company in Boston, offers benefits to help employees care for elderly parents, but she found them nearly useless during four years of caring for her mother, who has Parkinson's disease, and her father, who died of kidney failure last year; Goodman's lament is common, as corporate America scrambles to help soaring number of baby boomers, mostly working women, whose obligation to frail, elderly parents results in absenteeism, workday distractions or stress-related health problems; companies are responding, but experts say they often use child care benefits as model when they do not suit different and unpredictable needs of elderly; graph; photos (M)")('2006032', 'Long Island University and State University of New York agree to $35 million purchase of Southampton College by SUNY; SUNY will rename college Stony Brook Southampton (S)')('2006032', 'Former Madison Squareo')('2006032', 'Editorial commends China for using regulatory levers and economic incentives to encourage more fuel-efficient cars and trucks; holds that neither Congress nor White House has done much of anything to improve efficiency of American vehicles for past 20 years')('2006032', "Lucent Technologies' chief executive Patricia F Russo could get substantial payout if merger talks with Alcatel are successful; Russo would be guaranteed at least $1.78 million in accelerated vesting of stock awards (M)")('2006032', 'Mary Winkler, wife of slain Selmer, Tenn, minister Matthew Winkler, is charged with murder after confessing to shooting him; photo (M)')('2006032', "EADS co-chief executive Thomas Enders, in Saturday Interview, on Airbus's future and its competition with Boeing Co; photo (M)")('2006032', 'A State Says Makers Must Pay For R8')('2006032', 'Clarence Norman Jr is acquitted in Brooklyn trial for grand larceny over use of car leased by Democratic Party; trial is third of four for Norman, former Brooklyn Democratic Party leader (M)')('2006032', "Jimmie Johnson's crew chief Chad Knaus preparey")('2006032', "Sarah Caldwell, one of America's best known and most adventurous conductors and opera directors and founding director of Opera Company of Boston, dies at age 82; photo (M)")('2006032', "Alcatel-Lucent Technologies merger might vastly alter telecommunications industry's dynamics by creating large new competitor with worldwide reach, first that would be leading company on more than one continent; deal, if it is concluded, may bring pressure for mergers or takeovers at competitors like Nokia, Siemens Communications of Germany, Ericsson and Nortel Networks; graphs (L)")('2006032', "Carl Herr letter disputes Lauren Slater March 19 Op-Ed article describing psychotropic medications as 'chemical crutches'")('2006032', 'Brush fires have broken out in New York City in numbers and intensity rarely seen; 93 blazes scorched grassland around city from Jan 1 through March 15; there were 16 brush fires during same period last year; recent five-alarm fire raged for four hours in Great Kills Park on Staten Island, threatening nearby homes; cause of many of fires is not known, but chief suspicion is that they were man-made; officials suspect either serial arsonist or accidental fire starters; photo (M)')('2006032', 'US and Europe say they will impose sanctions against Pres Aleksandr G Lukashenko of Belarus and other top officials for cracking down on peaceful protest over his re-election, which is widely seen as sham; condemnations from Western nations widen their rift with Belarus and pose new challenges for their relations with Russia, which has stood behind Lukashenko; US stops short of cutting its ties with Belarus government, but State Dept says that travel and financial restrictions already in place on fewer than dozen Belarussian government officials will probably be extended to more than 50, including Lukashenko; European Union announces similar moves; photos (M)')('2006032', 'Little-noticed provision in two key Senate immigration bills would reshape handling of immigration appeals cases and has touched off outcry from several legal scholars, federal judges and Judicial Conference of US; measure would designate US Court of Appeals for Federal Circuit in Washington, DC, administrative court that currently handles no immigration appeals, as only court in nation to handle immigration appeals (M)')('2006032', "Correction on March 13 Sports of The Times column about Major League Baseball comr Bud Selig; baseball's antitrust exemption was granted by US Supreme Court ruling in 1922")('2006032', 'OFF SECLUDED SHORES, ANOTHER')('2006032', 'Jurors deliberating federal corruption case against former Illinois Gov George Ryan are wrestling with tangle of problems; Chicago Tribune tells court officials that one of jurors had felony DUI conviction that he failed to disclose during jury selection; Federal Judge Rebecca R Pallmeyer sends jurors home early and promises to investigate (M)')('2006032', 'Arts, Bri')('2006032', "Harry Hurt III Executive Pursuits column on visiting Lincoln Center to see Metropolitan Opera's production of Romeo et Juliette; photo (M)")('2006032', "March 24 article about Afghanistan's prosecution of man who converted to Christianity from Islam included outdated affiliation for J Alexander Thier; he is with US Institute for Peace")('2006032', "Photo of Florida University men's basketball team's win over Georgetown University in NCAA tournament Round of 16n")('2006032', "Fiach Mac Conghail was thrust into position as director of Abbey Theater in Dublin amidst financial collapse; has revamped Abbey's antiquated legal structure, persuaded government to clear its 4 million euro ($4.9 million) deficit and won largest grant ever awarded by government's Arts Council, for 25.7 million euros ($31.3 million); is planning for theater's move to new building, with construction in Dublin's dock area due to begin in 2008; with aim of reorienting Abbey as politically relevant national theater, has commissioned new works that tackle life in contemporary Ireland, reached out to young directors and appointed Conor McPherson as playwright in residence; photo (M)")('2006032', "Pope Benedict XVI elevates 15 prelates from 11 countries to cardinal at Vatican ceremony; new cardinals include two Americans, Sean Patrick O'Malley, archbishop of Boston, and William J Levada, former archbishop of San Francisco and Portland (S)")('2006032', "Villanova University defeats Boston College, 60-59, in overtime of men's NCAA tournament Round of 16; photos (M)0")('2006032', 'Washington Post blogger Ben Domenech resigns after being confronted with evidence he plagiarized articles in other publications; resignation comes after writing six blog items in three days he worked for Red America, blog that Post created to offer conservative viewpoint on its Web site; Domenech worked for Bush administration and was founder of RedState.com; articles that contained passages that appeared to be copied were published in National Review Online, New York Press and Flat Hat, student newspaper at College of William and Mary, which Domenech attended (M)')('2006032', "Belarus's opposition has challenged Pres Aleksandr G Lukashenko as never before since he won landslide re-election that West and opposition say was tainted by abuse and fraud; demonstrators have risked police violence and arrest to assemble in public and denounce official result; photos (M)")('2006032', 'Seventy-six-year-old comedian Bob Newhart continues to perform 30 stand-up sets a year and will be appearing at Brooklyn Center for the Performing Arts; career recalled; photo (M)')('2006032', "Pres Bush takes to campaign trail, raising $1.2 million for two of his party's most vulnerable incumbents: Rep Mike Sodrel of Indiana and Sen Rick Santorum of Pennsylvania (M)")('2006032', "Brett Jocelyn Epstein letter advises young women who are concerned that they will face gender barrier to consider women's colleges")('2006032', 'March 10 article about nominations for country music honors gave name of awards incompletely; they are Academy of Country Music Awards')('2006032', 'Phillip Alder bridge column on no-trump contracts; diagram (M)')('2006032', 'Omar Pimentel, chief of police of violent border city of Nuevo Laredo, resigns after nine months on job, citing personal reasons (S)')('2006032', "Federal authorities are conducting inquiry into Ela Medical, small maker of defibrillator and other heart devices; precise nature of government's interest in Ela Medical, which is division of Sorin Group, is unclear and any inquiry appears to be in early stage; inquiry is apparently being conducted by investigators with Food and Drug Administration and Office of the Inspector General of Health and Human Services Department; Justice Department is investigating whether Medtronic, Guidant and St Jude Medical, makers of implanted heart devices, used illegal inducements to get doctors to use their products (M)")('2006032', 'Photo of aftermath of stable fire that killed 24 horses in Upper Freehold, NJ')('2006032', 'Palestinian community in northern Baghdad was once pet cause of Saddam Hussein, who granted its members special treatment; Palestinians say they are now suffering backlash of that favoritism and have been frequent targets of Shiite death squads; 89 Palestinians have sought refuge in Jordan, but they were turned away by Jordanian authorities, who closed border; photo (M)')('2006032', 'Eric W Kritz letter responds to Bob Buck March 18 Op-Ed article about airline pilots')('2006032', "Correction on March 23 Sports of The Times column about National Football League comr Paul Tagliabue's decision to retire; extension of regular season to 16 games occurred in 1978, when Pete Rozelle was commissioner")('2006032', 'New York City agrees to pay $8.9 million to Paul Esposito, who lost both legs in fatal 2003 crash of Staten Island ferry; photo (S)')('2006032', 'Raul Guerra dies in fire in abandoned building in Queens where he had been sleeping (S)')('2006032', 'Coalition of abortion rights advocates in South Dakota begins collecting signatures to overturn new sweeping ban on abortion (S)')('2006032', 'Zoey Chenitz letter responds to Nicholas D Kristof March 21 Op-Ed column describing his aspirations for American education system that encourages university students to venture into developing world and to experience firsthand vast, multicultural world in which we live')('2006032', 'George MasonU')('2006032', "What's Offline column; Budget Travel magazine reports hidden fees and restrictions should be checked when making travel reservations on some auction travel Web sites; says best deals can be found on more expensive vacations, where higher profit margins are built into everyday prices; Conde Nast Traveler article suggests brown-bagging food when traveling by air rather than eating something like chicken breast on carrier; Culinary Institute of America chef Ron DeSantis says reality of airline food is that passenger is eating leftovers; Francesca Gino writers in current issue of Harvard Business Review that people tend to overvalue advice when problem they are addressing is hard, and to undervalue it when problem is easy; says people overvalue advice that they pay for, potentially bad news for consultants; suggests that before acting on those premium-priced recommendations from consultancy, ask what you would do if same advice was free; Fortune Small Business reports commercial subsidiary of members of Cistercian Abbey of Our Lady of Spring Bank, Wis, which sells discounted printer cartridges and other office supplies online, is success; business had $2.5 million in sales in 2005, and monks plan to expand business later in year; photo (M)")('2006032', "Neil A Lewis and David Johnston analysis holds that sentencing trial of Zacarias Moussaoui was supposed to have been government's best opportunity to hold someone accountable for deaths on Sept 11, 2001; contends that after federal prosecutors finished laying out their case, even those who supported aggressive prosecution may wonder whether trial has shed as much light on Moussaoui's culpability as it has on missteps by law enforcement agencies; maintains that testimony by FBI agent Harry Samit and Michael Rolince, retired FBI counterterrorism supervisor, has brought renewed and unwelcome attention to how agency dealt with early warning signs (M)")('2006032', 'Anthony R Stockelman pleads guilty to molesting and killing 10-year-old Katlyn Collman in Crothersville, Ind (S)')('2006032', 'Photo of harbor seal in Lower New York Bay, part of group being counted by scientists')('2006032', 'Defense Dept confirms deaths of two soldiers in Iraq (S)')('2006032', 'Dr Ronald Pies letter disputes Lauren Slater March 19 Op-Ed article; holds that there are many controlled studies showing that psychotropic medications can be lifesaving for many patients')('2006032', 'UCLA')('2006032', 'Bulgaria will allow US to use two military airfields and training ground, in agreement for 10-year period (S)')('2006032', 'Captured Iraqi documents describe Russian spy operation that was aimed at US Central Command in early days of invasion of Iraq in 2003; US military report says information on war plans and troop movements was passed through Russian ambassador in Baghdad; revelation of operation may have more political than military significance (M)')('2006032', 'Author Katharine Weber Op-Ed article notes that 146 people, most of them teenage girls, died in Triangle Waist Co fire in Manhattan on March 25, 1911; says child labor laws and fire codes will probably prevent another tragic factory fire that takes lives of American children; holds that many young girls and boys will continue to die in third world factory fires as long as Americans do not question source of inexpensive clothing they wear; drawing (M)')('2006032', "Letter: Benjamin Borbely letter holds that blaming demographics for difficulty women have in gaining admission to schools sidesteps larger issue: students' worth is increasingly judged not by their grades and test scores but by how their gender, race, nationality and extracurricular pursuits can enhance narrowly defined form of campus diversity")('2006032', 'Lt Gen Martin E Dempsey expresses guarded satisfaction with performance of Iraqi Army and national police units in tamping down sectarian violence that erupted after bombing of Golden Mosque in Samarra; says crisis provided clearer picture of shortfalls of Iraqi local police, on whom, American trainers must focus their efforts; Dempsey photo (M)')('2006032', 'Desmond T Doss, who as unarmed Army medic saved lives of dozens of fellow soldiers under fire on Okinawa in World War II and became first conscientious objector to receive Medal of Honor, dies at age 87; photo (M)')('2006032', 'Audrey S Bahrick letter responds to Lauren Slater March 19 Op-Ed article; holds that it is nearly impossible for best-informed consumers to sort out hype from scientific evidence about risks and benefits of many psychotropic medications')('2006032', 'Former Israeli athlete Dan Alon talks for first time about attack by terrorist group Black September on Israeli athletes during 1972 Munich Olympic Games, speech Yale University; 11 Israelis were killed in incident; Alon says that reprisal killings of terrorists only leads to more bloodshed (M)')('2006032', 'David Silverstone letter holds that Jennifer Delahunty Britz March 23 Op-Ed article describes flawed admissions process in which grades and test scores are weighed against community service hours, leadership positions held and instruments played')('2006032', 'Justice Dept, in report to Congress, contends that National Security Agency has authority to listen without warrants to conversations between lawyers and their clients and doctors and their patients if connection to Al Qaeda is suspected (M)')('2006032', 'Services are planned for 10 Monroe Township, NJ, and two Stamford, Conn, victims of fatal bus crash in Chile; investigation of crash continues in Chile, with charges being weighed against driver Cristian Contreras Guzman (M)')('2006032', 'Profiles of 10 Monroe Township, NJ, residents who died in bus accident in Chile; photo (M)')('2006032', 'Heather Wood letter discusses plight of highly accomplished young women who apply for college during time when applications from women far exceed those from men (Jennifer Delahunty Britz March 23 Op-Ed article)')('2006032', "Reporter's Notebook column on events at Brooklyn murder trial of Louis J Eppolito and Stephen Caracappa; testimony of Steven Steven Corso, who described crimes committed by Eppolito and Caracappa in Las Vegas, reviewed (M)")('2006032', "Argentina marks 30th anniversary of military coup that ushered in dictatorship that may have been most murderous in modern South American history; Pres Nestor Kirchner, overcoming some resistance in Congress, succeeded in making date permanent holiday, to be called National Day of Memory for Truth and Justice; he castigates armed forces for their 'criminal project' and 'plan for extermination' during their rule from 1976 through 1983; photos (M)")('2006032', 'Rival Gives Up Takeove')('2006032', 'Funeral is is held for Shuk Tse, Kevin Kwan and Douglas Jiang, who were killed in crash on New York State Thruway; family continues to fight blame cast on Tse over accident because she stopped in right lane to check flat tire; photo (M)')('2006032', "Vaughn A Carney letter holds that practice of 'gender norming' in college admissions is hardly new")('2006032', "Judge Andrew A Crecca sentences Keith J Kalmus to 4 to 12 years in prison for 2005 crash that killed Eva Bertuccioli-Krapfenbaur and injured three others in Amagansett, NY; Bertuccioli family has filed suit against Kalmus and Nick's, Montauk, NY, bar where he had been drinking (M)")('2006032', 'New York Yankees catcher Jorge Posada may not be ready for opening day since breaking nose before spring training game (M)')('2006032', "Correction on March 18 chart with article about New York City's proposal to charge fees at six recreation centers")('2006032', 'Profile of Essam el-Erian, leading figure within Muslim Brotherhood, notes that his push for democracy does not sit well with US and European Union because he wants political changes to help bring Islamic law to Egypt; photo (M)')('2006032', 'Jessica Rosenberg letter holds that murder of social worker Sally Blackwell in Texas highlights serious problem: social work can be dangerous')('2006032', 'Masuda Sultan memoir My War at Home is account of her arranged marriage to doctor almost twice her age when she was 17; while Sultan left her marriage, she says she wrote book to enlighten outsiders about virtues of arranged marriage; is open about conflict between her traditional Afghan values and her modern, Western lifestyle; photos (M)')('2006032', 'New single by Dixie Chicks, Not Ready to Make Nice, is response to controversy and death threats made against singer Natalie Maines after she made comment criticizing Pres George W Bush at concert on eve of war in Iraq; photo (S)')('2006032', 'New Jersey Devils defeat Boston Bruins, 4-2; Devils retire number of defenseman Ken Daneyko; photo (M)a')('2006032', 'Securities and Exchange Commission, in rare move, sets aside lifetime ban from securities industry imposed on Credit Suisse First Boston former investment banker Frank P Quattrone, just days after federal appeals court overturned his 2004 conviction on obstruction of justice; says NASD, market regulator that imposed ban, violated its own rules in taking action in November 2004 (M)')('2006032', "Man breaks into Patricia Wells's home in New Port Richey, Fla, and fatally stabs Kristofer Guy King, friend of her son, and slashes her on face and arms; Wells, who is white, claims that neo-Nazi group had threatened to kill her because she is dating black man (S)")('2006032', 'SpaceX, private venture hailed as beginning of age of cheap and reliable access to space, loses its first rocket over Pacific Ocean about minute after liftoff (S)')('2006032', "Ariel Sharon's spirit hangs over Israeli election as country prepares to give its verdict on Kadima, centrist party he created; image of Sharon, who suffered major stroke on Jan 4, has faded from advertisements and television programs; Ehud Olmert, acting prime minister, has tried to extract himself from Sharon's huge shadow; he and Kadima pay every due respect to their fallen leader, but it is Likud Party that Sharon broke apart that uses his image more to portray him as heroic figure in contrast with their present foe, Olmert; photo (M)")('2006032', 'Leaders in Albany are negotiating details of multibillion-dollar tax-cut package for New Yorkers, with relief for married couples, parents and homeowners likely as lawmakers reap bounty of $2-billion-to-$4.5 billion surplus; tax cuts and education spending have been largest unresolved items in legislative talks; Gov George E Pataki, Senate and Assembly support eliminating so-called marriage penalty; they also want to offer parents tax credit of at least $300 per child, although Pataki and Senate want to tie credit to education; Assembly is focused on increasing school aid in light of court orders to spend billions more on New York City schools; budget is expected to range from $111 billion to $113 billion (M)')('2006032', "What's Online column; reaction has been mixed, but mostly positive, to Google Finance, which went live this week; most Google watchers seem to like service's features, which include news items keyed to stock charts, recent company-specific blog posts and pop-up information on corporate officers; John Battelle of Searchblog, Forrester Research analyst Charlene Li and Henry M Blodget of Internet Outsider blog comment; Forbes.com lists 20 Most Important Tools Ever; Norwegian School of Management Assoc Prof Espen Andersen says students see math as hard, boring and irrelevant, and do not respond to motivational factors such as easier admission to higher education or interesting and important work; Andersen's essay at acm.or/ubiquity points out that taking high school math will maker one smarter and it is cool; Oil Standard is Firefox browser plug-in that converts prices of everyday items into equivalent values of oil in real time; plug-in's creator Michael Mandiberg does not provide explanation for why he created plug-in; drawing (M)")('2006032', 'International health officials at meeting in Atlanta say stronger ties between veterinarians and physicians are needed to prevent further outbreaks of animal diseases that have caused deaths and serious illness among humans in many countries; diseases are known as zoonoses because they affect animals primarily; latest and most visible zoonosis is avian influenza (M)')('2006032', 'Cease-fire announced by Basque separatist group ETA has officially taken effect, but climate of fear that group has imposed on Vitoria, capital of Spanish Basque region, shows few signs of easing; map (M)')('2006032', 'Editorial criticizes State Board of Elections for failing to uphold New York law that guarantees voting rights for people on probation, as well as for those who have completed their maximum sentences or been discharged from parole')('2006032', 'DESPITE SLIPS AT THE END, FLORIDA7')('2006032', 'Pio Leyva, songwriter and singer renowned in his native Cuba, dies at age 88; photo (M)')('2006032', 'New York City Council is set to hold hearing on landmark designation status of Fieldston section of Bronx; many Fieldston residents contest designation, saying it is unnecessary, comes with burdensome regulations and would ultimately lower their property values; photo (M)')('2006032', 'Prime Min Dominique de Villepin meets with union leaders but fails to narrow their differences over new labor law that has provoked mounting protests in France; law, meant to spur hiring, would allow employers to dismiss workers under 26 without cause during their first two years on job (M)')('2006032', 'Justice Dept arrests Iraqi-American translator Faheem Mousa Salam on bribery charges in latest case involving accusations of corruption, which have become steady accompaniment to war in Iraq; says Salam offered tens of thousands of dollars to people inside Iraqi Interior Ministry for contract to provide $1 million in flak jackets and other equipment to organization that trains Iraqi police officers; he was working for Titan Corp, division of L-3 Government Services Group; case against Salam is one of at least eight major cases said to involve bribery and other crimes that have plagued civilians and military personnel who work with contractors in Iraq; list (M)')('2006032', "Editorial holds that Sens Hillary Clinton and Patty Murray have good cause to block vote on nomination of Dr Andrew von Eschenbach to become commissioner of Food and Drug Administration until agency makes final decision on morning-after pill; contends that there is no excuse for FDA's endless delays on making pill available without prescription when overwhelming bulk of expert opinion says it is safe to do so")('2006032', 'March 15 article about rent battle at old warehouse in Williamsburg, Brooklyn, misstated name of publishing concern that was housed there in late 19th century')('2006032', "Photo of Florida Panthers' defeat of New York Rangers")('2006032', "Editorial urges Congress to reject Pres Bush's proposal to auction off about 300,000 acres of federal forests in 41 states and to sell 500,000 acres of public land to reduce national deficit")('2006032', 'Memphis Grizzlies defeat New York Knicks, 91-75; photo (M)')('2006032', 'Preachers in Kabul use Friday Prayer services to call for execution of Abdul Rahman, Afghan Muslim who converted to Christianity; Bush administration and European governments have protested case as violation of religious freedom; photo (M)')('2006032', 'Cardinal Francis George of Archdiocese of Chicago has asked Rev Robert Barron to jump-start evangelization in archdiocese with focus on energizing Catholics about their faith and drawing inactive Roman Catholics back to church; Barron photo (M)')('2006032', 'Judge Rachel N Davidson throws out challenge to way Newark, NJ, will finance its share of downtown hockey arena, future home of New Jersey Devils (S)')('2006032', 'New York Democratic gubernatorial hopeful Eliot Spitzer assails Gov George E Pataki over reconstruction at World Trade Center site; says Pataki shows failure of leadership; specifically criticizes Freedom Tower project as lacking economic viability and tacitly defends site developer Larry A Silverstein; photo (M)')('2006032', "Correction on March 18 article about Liberia's request to Nigeria for extradition of Charles G Taylor; he was indicted before he went into exile")('2006032', 'Jim Furyk takes second-round lead at Players Championship; photo (M)9')('2006032', 'Court finds Lin Liang Ren, Chinese gang leader from Liverpool, guilty of manslaughter of 21 illegal immigrants who drowned while harvesting cockles in 2004 (S)')('2006032', 'Last week I discovered the Camp Falluja junkyard. It was glorious. As our HMMWV turned the corner and I caught my first glimpse of this vast expanse I heard the playing of "Hallelujah" and saw a radiant white light shine down from heaven upon the scores of deadlined vehicles, discarded parts and general detritus that [...]')('2006032', "Selborne Journal: 26 March 1759: Work'd-up the 20 loads of dung (brought in on the 14th) into a Cantaleupe-bed for the nine large lights. The bed is tucked to six feet & half broad, & 36 in length. Laid some very stiff loam all over about an inch thick; & put on the boxes, & [...]")('2006032', "Maybe Cory Booker is tired of knocking on doors. Maybe he figures that negative fliers and slick advertising will not be enough to help him win the mayor's race after all. Or perhaps, alone late at night, when he isn't reminiscing about his football career at Stanford, or batting his eyes at voters, he becomes [...]")('2006032', "I'm sure readers will be writing to ask what they can do to help Aisha Parveen, the woman I described in Sunday's column who may be sent back to her brothel-owner to kill. I just wish I knew. I did tell Asma Jahangir, the wonderful head of the Human Rights Commission of Pakistan, about her [...]")('2006032', 'Dominique Brownin')('2006032', "Rob Walker Consumed column on history of street style, updated to 'grunge' by designer Marc Jacobs; cites Supreme, apparel brand associated with culture of skateboards; founder of line James Jebbia did not know much about skateboarding, but was intrigued by its rebelliousness and creativity; believes line is sustainable by its consistency and quality; drawing (M)")('2006032', 'Article on career of singer Earl Stevens, who raps as E-40; E-40 and son Droop-E perform subset of hip-hop known as hyphy, which has emerged from Bay Area in last few years; photo (L)')('2006032', "Howard Goldberg reviews Baron Herzog's 2005 Jeunesse cabernet sauvignon wine (S)")('2006032', 'William Taylor Under New Management column on Rite-Solutions, software company that builds advanced command-and-control systems for Navy; company uses proposals for new technologies as stocks, complete with ticker symbols, which change in value to reflect sentiments of its engineers, computer scientists, project managers and other employees; drawing (M)')('2006032', "Dr Paul Bloustein letter disputes Peter Salgo's contention that patients should take lead in restoring doctor-patient relationship by confronting insurance behemoths; holds that doctors should not use patients to fight their battles (March 22 Op-Ed article)")('2006032', 'Peter Beinart reviews book Crashing the Gate: Netroots, Grassroots, and the Rise of People-Powered Politics by Jerome Armstrong and Markos Moulitsas Zuniga; photo (M)')('2006032', 'Cr\x98')('2006032', 'Murray Chass On Baseball column discusses Boston Red Sox, which have acquired number of players from National League teams, setting stage for potentially difficult switches; photo (M)')('2006032', 'David Corcoran reviews Liberty House restaurant in Jersey City, NJ; photo (M)')('2006032', 'Eric Handler, director of communications for YES Network, comments on his penchant for attending college basketball games around country; photo (M)')('2006032', "Article on racketeering lawsuit filed by pharmaceutical company Biovail against Wall Street hedge fund SAC Capital Advisors, Gradient Analytics, research firm in Scottsdale, Ariz, and Banc of America Securities analyst and others; suit alleges that some of nation's biggest hedge funds colluded with independent research firms and analysts at big banks to produce purposely misleading research aimed at driving down company stock prices; photos (M)")('2006032', 'Photo of Martina Hingis, who has returned from three-year retirement')('2006032', 'Article describes content of Arabic-language news channel Al Jazeera; news and talk programming has clear editorial slant toward pan-Arabism: staunchly pro-Palestinian, skeptical of US intentions and increasingly Islamist leaning (M)')('2006032', 'Life coaching is spreading nationwide, with many coaches specializing in celebrities and entertainment industry, where demand for their services is great; are unregulated and vary widely in training and credentials; say they do not help clients heal wounds, but rather help them define and pursue career and personal goals; photos (M)')('2006032', 'Correction of March 19 article about prospects for large-capitalization stocks which omitted market data for some such issues (S)')('2006032', "Princeton University Prof Uwe Reinhardt letter notes that Peter Salgo argues that health care dollars became scarce in 1980's and 90's; holds that if we look at per capita health spending in constant, inflation-adjusted year 2000 dollars, we see that spending rose about 130 percent over two decades (March 22 Op-Ed article)")('2006032', 'Mitchell and Gregg Rechler, cousins and partners in R Squared LLC real estate firm, are seeking to rezone historic Canoe Place Inn property in Hampton Bays, NY, in order to raze building and build private residence club (S)')('2006032', 'Dawn C Bennett letter contends tha4')('2006032', 'Joshua C Garbarino letter suggests article should have focused more on medical malpractice evidenced in case of A J Branca discussed in March 12 Elizabeth Weil article')('2006032', 'Article describes VH1 televison show Web Junk 20, which consists of weekly countdown of humorous Internet videos; photos (L)')('2006032', 'Proposal for 120-unit apartment building and separate building of 24 below-market units that would be available only to volunteer firefighters and other emergency workers in Great Neck, NY, sparks debate among village trustees and residents of Great Neck and neighboring villages; developer Frank Lalezarian would need zoning change to build complex; village trustees accuse Mayor Richard Deem of applying for federal grant to help build apartments without their approval (M)')('2006032', 'Qatar-based Arab television network Al Jazeera will open English language channel Al Jazeera International in May; coverage will need to be carefully balanced if it is to succeed in reassuring new viewers in West without disappointing old ones in Arab world; drawings, photos (L)')('2006032', 'Woman is found stangled to death in her Brooklyn apartment, and her male companion is arrested; Brooklyn man is fatally shot in lobby of his apartment building, apparently caught in gunfight between two men; unidentified gunman fires on three men driving home from nightclub in Queens (M)')('2006032', 'Alida Becker reviews book Pets in America: A History by Katherine C Grier; photo (M)')('2006032', "William Safire On Language column on use of term 'rock star' to describe someone who is popular and charismatic; also explores derivation of phrase 'critical infrastructure' (M)")('2006032', 'Elizabeth Holt letter says she found it painful to look at photos of dead rabbit used to illustrate article about rabbit meat (March 12 article)')('2006032', "William B Helmreich letter on Marcelle Fischler's March 5 Long Island Journal column on funerals that celebrate life")('2006032', 'L S Cohn letter fears Democrats will nominate Hillary Clinton in 2008 presidential election and suffer huge defeat (March 12 Matt Bai article)')('2006032', 'Lawyer Laura J Winston letter on March 19 article on dearth of female partners at law firms')('2006032', "Peter Stamelman letter contends that US national team's loss in World Baseball Classic is indicative of big-money attitude of Major League Baseball (S)")('2006032', 'Rick Lyman revi')('2006032', 'Alexandra Marshall article about dress code for NBA players instituted by league commissioner David Stern; photos (M)')('2006032', "People to Preserve Hillside Woods communications coordinator Faith Evans letter on Debra West's March 5 Cross Westchester column on plan to rehabilitate eroding trails in Hillside Woods")('2006032', "Footlights column; Marc and Denyse Ginzberg of Rye, NY, who collect nonfigurative African objects, buy elaborately carved wooden granary door made by Dogon peoples of Mali for $30,000 at Sotheby's auction; donate door to Neuberger Museum of Art of Purchase College (M)")('2006032', "Article on John Adriani Jr, who grew up in Shelton, Conn, spent childhood summers in New Orleans, and is running for New Orleans mayor; Adriani, unhappy with progress of rebuilding in wake of Hurricane Katrina, says residents are looking for someone to take on 'big dogs'; photos (M)")('2006032', 'Corrections of article about Berlin in March 19 T: Travel magazine')('2006032', 'Tampa Bay Lightning defeats New York Rangers, 4-3, in shootout; photo (S)6')('2006032', "Wally Marzano-Lessnevich letter says Democrats need candidate to run for president who reflects party's traditional positions (March 12 Matt Bai article)")('2006032', 'Correction of March 5 article about estrangement between in-laws who own bar and restaurant in Brooklyn Heights (S)')('2006032', 'Profile of Cuban-born State Assemblyman Albio Sires, who is also mayor of West New York, NJ; Sires is competing against fellow assemblyman and Perth Amboy Mayor Joe Vas for Democratic nomination for 13th Congressional District seat; photos (L)')('2006032', 'Patrick M Livingston letter says Mark Warner and other possible Democractic candidates mentioned in March 12 Matt Bai article do not articulate vision of economic and social justice associated with Democratic Party; photos')('2006032', 'Article on bank-inside-the-grocery model which, while prevalent in other parts of country, has been slower to catch on in Westchester County, NY; of almost 8,500 in-store branches nationwide, only 10 are in Westchester; bank managers comment on ability to keep costs down by opening branches in supermarkets; photo (M)')('2006032', "Jews on Manhattan's Lower East Side are asking why group of rabbis who decided to extend uptown eruv, or symbolic boundary, from 125th Street southward to Houston Street, shunned their neighborhood; Rabbi Yehuda Sarna, manager for religious life at NYU Jewish Center who helped organize extension, says Lower East Side has long opposed putting up eruv and no one in neighborhood offered to help pay for extension; photos (M)")('2006032', 'Jeffrey Gettleman article on his return to Iraq after being away for over year; holds that violence has changed, not abated, with Iraqis bombing each other, not just Americans; photo (M)')('2006032', 'Americans pinched for time and increasingly uncomfortable in their kitchens are turning to almost 700 meal assembly centers around country, where they can assemble dinners that have been peeled, chopped and prepared for them to take home and cook; centers are opening at rate of about 40 a month and are projected to earn $270 million this year; business began in Northwest in 1999, but did not take off until 2002 when two Seattle women who went on to found Dream Dinners streamlined process so customers could make 12 dinners for six in two hours for under $200; photos (L)')('2006032', 'News that Abdul Rahman might face death sentence in Afghanistan for converting to Christianity brought cries of outrage around world; case struck chord among Muslim scholars in West who have been immersed in debate about adaptability of Islamic law to modern era; photo (M)')('2006032', 'New book Things as They Are: Photojournalism in Context Since 1955 surveys quest to chronicle world events through 120 photo essays published in second half of 20th century; book is being published in US by Aperture and nonprofit World Press Photo; history of photojournalism discussed; photos (L)')('2006032', 'Blake Eskin essay on Edible Books Festival, which was created by California librarian Judith A Hoffberg in 1999 and involves looking at books and then eating cakes in shape of book; notes that festival, now in its seventh year, has spread to 28 states and 15 countries; says that over centuries, book-eating has flourished as metaphor and sometime literal act as spiritual, political or artistic statement; photos (M)')('2006032', "Tina Cassidy article on trend toward inducing labor, sometimes for no other reason than that the mother wants it; in 2003, one-fifth of American births were induced, high rate given induction's increased risk of complications; induction used to be employed sparingly, to save life of mother or child; resistance to such practice may be developing because inductions require regular monitoring, thus using hospital's staff and resources; photo (M)")('2006032', 'Verlyn Klinkenborg, in Rural Life column, notes that it is only late March, but it feels as though time has almost stopped because he has been waiting eagerly for spring (M)')('2006032', "Polly Morrice reviews book Fragile Innocence: A Father's Memoir of His Daughter's Courageous Journey by James Reston Jr (M)")('2006032', "M H Reed reviews Rraci's restaurant in Brewster, NY; photo (M)")('2006032', 'Nielsen/Net Ratings study shows regular Internet users spend 30 1/2 hours per month on computer; reports broadband use shot up to 68 percent of Web users, compared with 33 percent three years ago; photo; graph (S)')('2006032', "Former Sen Alfonse M D'Amato assesses New York Republican Party's choices of possible candidates for coming elections; says William F Weld, gubernatorial candidate, and Kathleen Troia McFarland, possible contender for United States Senate, do not represent working-middle class families; says Jeanine F Pirro, candidate for attorney general, will be easy target for opponents who bring up her record; his critics accuse him of sabotaging party's leading prospects and say that he is motivated by personal animus, particularly against Weld; D'Amato says his objective is to salvage party; photo (M)")('2006032', 'Legislative battle over immigration has pitted Republican against Republican; conservative Sen John Cornyn has been labeled sellout for promoting measure to allow illegal immigrants to stay in United States for five more years, but is also being pressed by business interests to support legislation that would put illegal workers on road to citizenship; Cornyn has tried to follow middle path in furious debate but despairs of reconciling two sides; photo (L)')('2006032', 'Anthony')('2006032', "Author Edward Tenner Op-Ed article holds that search engines like Google promote information illiteracy; maintains that many college students lack skills to structure their computer searches so they can find useful information quickly; cites university librarian Pamela Martin's contention that Google's simplicity and impressive search prowess trick students into thinking they are good all-around searchers, and when they fail in library searches, they are ashamed and confused; drawing (M)")('2006032', 'June Bingham letter holds that Dr Peter Salgo has bravely issued call for patient-driven revolution to put doctor-patient relationship back at center of health care (March 22 Op-Ed article)')('2006032', 'R Lindley DeVecchio, retired FBI agent, is reportedly indicted by Brooklyn grand jury for helping Gregory Scarpa Sr, Mafia killer and bureau informant, murder at least three people; photo (M)')('2006032', 'Enrique J Sosa letter discu')('2006032', "Cozy Friedman, owner of Cozy's Cuts for Kids in Manhattan, likes to dress for her day in jeans, cotton shrug and cowboy boots; photo (S)")('2006032', 'New York Yankees outfielder Kevin Thompson is hitting .391 in spring training, but will likely start season at Class AAA Columbus, highest level in minors; photo (M)')('2006032', "Paula Span Jersey column on promotion of solar energy to businesses and residents of New Jersey; state has promoted solar electricity so effectively that a thousand voltaic array systems are operating around state, mostly atop homes; installing seven kilowatt system that can provide 75 percent or more of household's electricity (excluding heat and hot water) costs nearly $60,000; state rebate program currently covers about half; drawing (M)")('2006032', "Bob Morris Age of Disonance column criticizes guests at parties who are busy working phones and blackberry's, surrounding themselves with electronic entourages, instead of interacting with people in front of them; one sociologist uses term absent presence to describe constant need for technologically mediated world of elsewhere while in public; drawing (M)")('2006032', 'American Airlines executive vice pres Daniel P Garton letter disputes March 22 Business Day column contending that Wright Amendment was attempt by American Airlines to outmuscle Southwest Airlines')('2006032', "Riot at construction site by foreign workers angry over low salaries and mistreatment reflects wider frustration of mostly Asian migrants lured to Dubai by unscrupulous recruiters' promises of gleaming high-rises, idyllic beaches and seemingly limitless opportunity; as many as one million of Dubai's 1.5 million residents are immigrant workers, who are becoming increasingly organized labor force; foreign laborers have held at least eight major strikes since September to demand their rights and get their pay, which is sometimes withheld; photo (M)")('2006032', "Max Neuhaus's sound sculpture, Times Square, installed in 1977 in subway ventilation shaft on pedestrian island where Broadway and Seventh Avenues intersect, continues to surprise and baffle passers-by after being refurbished; photo (M)")('2006032', "Profiles of and interviews with Suzanne Sheridan and partner, Rozanne Gates, whose song, 90-Pound Suburban Housewife Drivin' in her SUV, has made them popular on radio and television shows; photos (M)")('2006032', 'Ellen Mackler letter says most prospective parents are more concerned about agonies severely disabled child may face, rather than parenting such a child (March 12 Elizabeth Weil article)')('2006032', "Profile of and interview with Jacob Mendelson, cantor of Temple Israel Center in White Plains, NY, who is subject of Erik Greenberg Anjou's documentary film A Cantor's Tale; Mendelson comments on dying art of cantorial music, famed cantors of past and his childhood in Brooklyn, NY; photos (M)")('2006032', 'Jack Silbert Soapbox essay offers readers reasons why they should buy condominium next door to him in Hoboken, NJ; drawing (M)')('2006032', 'Excerpts from interview with Donald Felsinger, chief executive of Sempra Energy, on need for America to invest in big energy infrastructure projects such a pipelines to help contain prices; drawing (M)')('2006032', 'Linda McCullough Moore letter says cover photograph of Mark Warner borders on cartoonish and belies serious nature of article (March 12 Matt Bai article)')('2006032', "David Rieff article examines America's commitment to economic globalization and its political priorities in post-Sept 11 world; cites controversies surrounding Dubai ports deal and negotiation of controversial nuclear cooperation deal with India to illustrate tensions and contradictions as globalization evolves from free markets and international corporate takeovers into true economic interdependence; photo; graph (M)")('2006032', "Hofstra University trustees chairman John D Miller donates $6 million, largest individual gift in university's history; money would be designated for scholarships for Honors College students (S)")('2006032', 'Sarah Dunant letter comments on Erica Jong March 12 review of her book In the Company of the Courtesang')('2006032', "Editorial urges state lawmakers to support recommendation made by committee appointed by Chief Judge Judith Kaye to overhaul New York's divorce and child custody rules, including institution of one-step, no-fault divorce")('2006032', "Article on program, co-sponsored by New York University's Institute for International Law and Justice and Palau Mission to the United Nations, that uses institute's students as government interns; student Peter Prows comments on his work; photo (M)")('2006032', 'Iraqis pay more attention to little things that signal whether someone is Shiite or Sunni as sectarian tensions rise, but reality is complicated, as two groups have intermarried and often lived peacefully beside each other; origins of division discussed (M)')('2006032', 'Atsushi Sugiyama letter contends that Wú')('2006032', 'Interview with Bonnie Fuller, editorial director of American Media, which publishes supermarket tabloid Star; photo (M)')('2006032', "Harvard University Prof Orlando Patterson Op-Ed article notes that several recent studies have reconfirmed tragic disconnection of millions of black youths from American mainstream; holds that studies also highlighted failure of social scientists to adequately explain problem, and their inability to come up with effective strategy to deal with it; contends that main cause for this shortcoming is deep-seated dogma that has prevailed in social science since mid-1960's: rejection of any explanation that invokes a group's cultural attributes and relentless preference for relying on structural factors like poor schools; drawing (M)")('2006032', "Article on group of 29 girls from Roosevelt Middle School and High School who attended recent session of Young Women's Writing Project at Hofstra University; program is forum for girls to express their thoughts and feelings through writing; photos (M)")('2006032', 'Benjamin Genocchio reviews works by Christopher Taggart on view at Purchase College in Purchase, NY; photos (M)')('2006032', 'Kelly Feeney reviews Chippery Fish & Chips restaurant in Fanwood, NJ; photo (M)')('2006032', 'Op-Ed article by Steven Lewis, who lives most of year in New Paltz, NY, and spends one month at small cottage on Hatteras Island, NC, offers suggestions to summer renters guaranteed to override pompous joy that goes along with high rental prices (M)')('2006032', 'March 19 caption about wildfires in Texas misstated direction of winds that blew plumes of smoke across Panhandle; they were from southwest')('2006032', "Documentary Through the Fire chronicles Portland Trail Blazers point guard Sebastian Telfair's senior year at Lincoln High School (NYC) (M)")('2006032', "Former senator and vice-presidential contender John Edwards has made curbing poverty centerpiece of his work and his political approach; is presumed contender for Democratic Party's 2008 presidential nomination; organized poverty conference at University of North Carolina, and has campaigned in several states for initiatives to raise minimum wage and on behalf of unions for service sector groups; shies away from protectionism and believes promoting unions is best way to make impact; photo (M)")('2006032', 'Jack Rosenberg, Hasidic Jew from Spring Valley, NY, is barred from wearing his uniform as member of Coast Guard Auxiliary because he wears his skullcap at all times, except swimming or bathing; Coast Guard is considering relaxing its restrictions on religious accessories; photo (M)')('2006032', "General Motors, in cost-cutting move, offered buyouts to 113,000 hourly workers and 13,000 workers at Delphi Corp; financial advisers say GM's youngest and oldest workers will benefit most from buyouts (M)")('2006032', "Gristede's Foods supermarket chain files racketeering suit against Poospatuck and Shinnecock Indian nations and their senior officials in Suffolk County, NY, alleging they are engaged in illegal sale of untaxed cigarettes to non-Indian customers; seeks injunction barring sales and damages of $60 million (S)")('2006032', 'David Holloway reviews book Spying on the Bomb: Ameri')('2006032', "Steven Rego letter on Mar 19 article says NPR's pseudo-commercial programming complete with infomercials has watered down its content (S)")('2006032', 'Zombies are back as theme for films, books and video games; zombie zealots seem to agree that zombie renaissance has to do with anxieties of life after Sept 11 because they suggest broad social collapse in which anyone can turn into a force of evil; photos (M)')('2006032', 'Defense Department confirms death of one American soldier in Iraq, bringing total to 2,315 dead (S)')('2006032', "Michael Shvo, real estate marketer, is keeping sales office at 20 Pine Street in Manhattan open 24 hours a day, five days a week; building is an old Chase Bank that is being converted into condominiums; Shvo came up with idea of round-the-clock operation after 'teaser' Web site generated 750 e-mail inquiries; photo (M)")('2006032', 'Footlights column; Herb Deutsch, who helped develop Moog synthesizer, will hold lecture, Moog to Mac, at Hewlett-Windmere Public Library in Hewlett, NY; photo (M)')('2006032', "Proxy statement shows Diebold Inc paid chairman and chief executive Walden O'Dell $4.01 million in compensation before he resigned last year (S)")('2006032', 'Article on disappearance of New England stonewalls across Connecticut, which has prompted Harwinton to pass law making it illegal without permit for anyone to dismantle, demolish, relocate or bury stonewalls along town-owned roads, even if walls are on private property; several other towns are considering similar laws; time-worn, lichen-covered fieldstone walls have become highly prized and thieves are stealing them and selling them for thousands of dollars to unsuspecting homeowners; photos (L)')('2006032', 'Nellie McKay rev')('2006032', 'Tracie Rozhon column describes experience of buying Reilly, Irish terrier puppy, over Internet; photo (M)')('2006032', 'US government plans to try accused terrorists before special tribunals in which judge is appointed by Pentagon, jurors are military officers and certain canonical rights of our civil system are absent; future of tribunals will be up to Supreme Court, which will rule on their legality in Salim Hamdan v Defense Sec Donald Rumsfeld; Hamden was captured in Afghanistan in Nov 2001 and has confessed to working as driver for Osama bin Laden; photos (M)')('2006032', "Herbert Bengelsdorf letter on Debra West's March 5 Cross Westchester column on plan to rehabilitate eroding trails in Hillside Woods")('2006032', 'Joanne Kennedy letter says modern medicine makes some decisions difficult; contends A J Branca would not have survived without heroic measures, so there would have been no second-guessing or blame about not having abortion (March 12 Elizabeth Weil article)')('2006032', "Article on Betty Jordan, 66, whose domestic partner of 20 years, Rene Price, died in July 2005 at age 61; Jordan has filed suit seeking possession of Price's house in Perth Amboy, NJ, where they both lived, $9,000 in savings and two cars; amendments to state's Domestic Partnership Act, with no retroactive stipulations, were signed into law by Acting Gov Richard Codey after Price died; photo (M)")('2006032', 'Craigslist.org president and chief executive Jim Buckmaster The Boss column on reasons why he switched from pre-med to engineering in college and evolved from being computer-phobic to being fascinated with World Wide Web; photo (M)')('2006032', 'Jennifer Lapidus letter shares experience of having severely impaired child and says most people have no idea about toll it takes (March 12 Elizabeth Weil article)')('2006032', 'Phyllis Dreyfuss letter says March 12 style article on Gretchen Mol was in poor taste')('2006032', 'Naomi Siegel reviews 12 Miles West Theater production of Susanna Salk play The Beacon Hill Book Club, directed by Lenny Bart; photo (M)')('2006032', 'Art Buchwald, who has refused dialysis for his failing kidneys, turns his hospice room into an informal salon, where he is having too much fun to die; photos (M)')('2006032', 'LetterÌ')('2006032', 'Randy Cohen The Ethicist answers question about ethics of buying kidney on black market; also responds to inquiry about ethics of remaining in apartment if friend is evicted from home in same building; drawing (M)')('2006032', 'Workdays for commuters in New York metropolitan area are changing, and commuter railroads are revamping their service and rewriting their schedules to accommodate demands for more early and more late trains; Metro-North Railroad, Long Island Rail Road and New Jersey Transit are all making adjustments to provide more service between 5:30 and 6 am and between 7 and 10 pm; photos (M)')('2006032', 'Article on controversy over call by Connecticut Gov M Jodi Rell to repeal car taxes now levied by all 169 towns and cities across state; recent Quinnipiac University poll shows idea of junking current system is popular with voters; repeal, however, would most benefit millionaires who own high-end luxury vehicles; photos; graph (M)')('2006032', 'Charles A Spears letter discusses current NCAA tournament contenders Wichita State University, which has produced some successful athletes and coaches (S)')('2006032', 'Brad Leithauser reviews book The Collected Poems of C P Cavafy: A New Translation, translated by Aliki Barnstone; photo (M)')('2006032', "Jocelyn Breeland letter says she was surprised by Harvey Mansfield interview in which he identifies Pres Bush and Vice Pres Cheney as 'manly' men (March 12 interview)")('2006032', 'Sci Fi channel will show two-part movie Dark Kingdom, loosely based on myth of Valkyrie warrior queen; Max Von Sydow and Benno Furmann star; photos (M)')('2006032', 'J')('2006032', "Little-publicized primary for New Jersey's 13th Congressional District threatens to dry up tens of millions of dollars raised by Democratic candidates Albio Sires and Joseph Vas; both candidates say they would like to contribute to national party's efforts to retake control of House but that contributions depend on how much they are forced to spend in primary; photo (M)")('2006032', "Correction of March 12 article about some parents' efforts to buy healthful products for their children which misidentified Seattle food co-op PCC Natural Markets (S)")('2006032', "Most common label attached to estimated 12 million foreign-born people living in US without visas may be 'illegal immigrants'; Pres Bush, proponent of offering citizenship to at least some of them, has used more optimistic term 'undocumented immigrants'; like battles over civil rights and abortion, contest over immigration has been joined as much in naming of things as in writing of laws; drawing (M)")('2006032', 'Will Blythe reviews book In Seaÿ')('2006032', 'Domains column interview with David Boies, who discusses his home in Armonk, NY, his things, his routine, work and interests; photos (M)')('2006032', 'Weekly roundup on stock markets and Treasury securities (M)')('2006032', 'Thomas Niles letter on March 19 editorial about school financing and New York City real estate taxes')('2006032', 'New York Mets special instructor Rickey Henderson is schooling younger players on art of stealing bases during spring training (M)')('2006032', 'Second in series of articles about five diseases that are extinct in developed world but persist in poorer nations; relentless campaign by former Pres Jimmy Carter has pushed parasitical Guinea worm disease to brink of oblivion; fewer than 12,000 cases were reported last year, down from 3 million in 1986; Carter persuaded world leaders, philanthropists and companies to care about revolting and debilitating disease, but purging last nine African countries of disease could take five more years; map; photos (L)')('2006032', 'Laura Mansnerus On Politics column explores possible reasons why New Jersey Gov Jon Corzine has proposed raising state sales, tobacco and alcohol taxes as he struggles with state budget; photo (M)')('2006032', 'Eastern Point Consulting Group president Katie Herzog letter on March 19 article on paucity of female partners in law firms')('2006032', 'Democratic Senate Campaign Committee spokesman Phil Singer says committee created image using Photoshop showing Vice Pres Dick Cheney and New Jersey State Sen Thomas Kean Jr appearing at fund-raiser together; committee sends out statement calling on Kean to return money raised by Cheney; photo (By the Way column) (M)')('2006032', 'Scene along Graham Avenue in Williamsburg, Brooklyn, described as local firefighters shop for items for dinner at local businesses; photo (M)')('2006032', "John Antonides letter on March 19 article about Landmarks Preservation Commission's decision to allow Purchase Building under Brooklyn Bridge to be demolished; questions how long unlandmarked Dutch Colonial farmhouses in Brooklyn can survive")('2006032', 'Bush administration and Russia remain divided on whether United Nations Security Council should take step toward imposing penalties on Iran by labeling its nuclear activities threat to world peace; leading European countries are siding with United States; Russia is concerned US will use resolution to confront Iran in same way that it did Iraq; US and European diplomats stress that any future penalties against Iran would be structured to avoid strangling Iranian economy and stirring anti-Western sentiment among ordinary Iranians (M)')('2006032', "Former New Jersey Gov Richard Codey, who has returned to role as Senate president, dons blue sweater vest in imitation of current Gov Jon Corzine during Corzine's budget address to Assembly; photo (S)")('2006032', "Editorial holds that when Pres Olusegun Obasanjo of Nigeria visits Washington, he will probably be lauded for his crucial role as regional African leader; maintains that while Obasanjo deserves credit for good deeds outside Nigeria, his own country is deteriorating and he is partly to blame; contends that by trying to change Nigeria's Constitution to allow himself to run for third four-year term as president, Obasanjo is further enflaming political tensions among Nigeria's polarized ethnic groups; says Pres Bush should tell Obasanjo that changing his country's Constitution so that he can remain in office is foolhardy")('2006032', "UCLA defeats Memphis University, 50-45, in men's NCAA tournament Round of 8; photos (M)")('2006032', 'Basics column quotes Pres Bush and other officials on situation in Iraq, and whether it is civil war (M)')('2006032', "Baghdad's homicide rate has tripled in last month from 11 to 33 a day; hundreds of men have been kidnapped, tortured and executed; impunity of acts is what frightens Iraqis most of all; many men are taken in daylight, in public with witnesses all around, and few cases are investigated; part of reason may be that most victims are Sunnis; suspicion is growing that they were killed by government-backed Shiite death squads; photos; map; graph (L)")('2006032', 'Tucker Carlson article recalls summer job working at Burnham & Morrill plant where B&M baked beans are made; photo (M)')('2006032', "Catherine Texier Lives column describes visit to Russia to meet her husband's family; says nothing in her experience prepared her for pervasive atmosphere of poverty; says visit left impact on her marriage; drawing (M)")('2006032', 'Article describes art work by Dan Devine, which involved turning Chevrolet Monte Carlo Nascar inside-out, bumper to bumper; photos (M)')('2006032', "Cooper Union School of Architecture dean Anthony Vidler letter on Jeff Byles's March 19 article about vote by Landmarks Preservation Commission to allow demolition of Purchase Building under Brooklyn Bridge")('2006032', "Medicare's satisfied customers say wading through confusing and complex enrollment process for new Medicare prescription drug program is worth it for savings, but say they never could have done without advice from family, friends or counselors from groups like LIFE Senior Services; many beneficiaries say they are grateful to local insurance counselors, rather than government, for steering them to right plan within program, because costs under different plans can vary enormously; photos (L)")('2006032', 'David Leavitt reviews book The Night Watch by Sarah Waters; photo (M)')('2006032', 'Article on former professional boxing trainer and ex-convict William Richardson, who is opening amateur boxing club for area youths that will be run by nascent Police Athletic League in Asbury Park, NJ; REI Group Real Estate of Asbury Park has offered to lease former YMCA gym on Main Street to PAL for next year, rent free, in exchange for cleanup and renovations; photo (M)')('2006032', 'School districts across Long Island, stung by wave of budget defeats in 2005, have already begun public hearings, information sessions and workshops in effort to win voter support at polls on May 16; administrators in 21 districts now on bare-bones contingency budgets seek to propose budgets and tax rates that voters will tolerate and win back enough trust to avoid budget defeat at polls on May 16; photos (L)')('2006032', "Long-shot candidate David Blount, during candidates' forum at Newark Firefighters Union, comments on candidacies of Ronald Rice, who is running for mayor, and son, Richard Rice Jr, who is running for councilman in Newark's West Ward on same ticket as another mayoral candidate, Cory Booker (S)")('2006032', 'Profile of Poetica Musica, chamber music group based at Old Westbury Gardens that for 20 years has presented concerts in locations around globe that other chamber groups overlook or avoid; founding artistic director Eleanor Valkenburg comments; photo (M)')('2006032', 'Frank Gannon Funny Pages article recounts dispute between his daughters about which of them will get painting he did many years ago, when he fancied himself an artist; drawing (M)')('2006032', "Kerri Allen reviews Two River Theater Company production of Samuel Beckett's Waiting for Godot, directed by Seth Barrish; John Ahlin and Brian Gilbert star (M)")('2006032', 'Cynthia R Cross letter on March 19 article on lack of women on top rungs of law firms')('2006032', 'Op-Ed article by Steven Lewis, who lives most of year in New Paltz, NY, and spends one month at small cottage on Hatteras Island, NC, offers suggestions to summer renters guaranteed to override pompous joy that goes along with high rental prices (M)')('2006032', 'Economists say that baby boomers are unprepared for their retirement and cannot count on inheritance from their parents to help them out; Federal Reserve analysis of Survey of Consumer Finances finds that in 2004 median inheritances amounted to about $29,000; graphs; drawing (M)')('2006032', "Paul D Eaton's March 19 Op-Ed article incorrectly identified Defense Sec Donald Rumsfeld as secretary of state")('2006032', "Louisiana State University defeats Texas University, 70-60, in overtime of men's NCAA tournament Round of 8; photos (M)")('2006032', 'Correction of March 19 article about advancement of women in law firms; Whitney North Seymour preceded Bettina Plevan as leader of New York Bar Assn (S)')('2006032', "Rian Johnson's movie Brick seen as quintessential indie film; was shot in 20 days on shoestring budget and edited on Mac computer; script excerpt; photos (M)")('2006032', 'Search for Vivi, whippet show dog that has been missing since she escaped from tarmac of Kennedy Airport five weeks ago, continues in Queens; Phoebe Booth of Redding, Conn, who has been showing dogs since 1965, comments; photos (M)')('2006032', 'The Starting FiveA')('2006032', 'Chapter 12 of Patricia Cornwall book At Risk; drawing (L)')('2006032', 'Dr Paul R Epstein letter holds that avian influenza is already pandemic; notes that worldwide, over 200 million birds have been killed or culled')('2006032', 'Mark Hulbert Strategies column on possible reasons why investment newsletters composed entirely of exchange-traded funds have generally produced lower returns and higher risk than non-etf portfolios; graph (M)')('2006032', 'Article on increasing number of school districts in Westchester County, NY, that are using e-mail and text messages to notify parents of suspicious incidents in local neighborhoods; police officials do not believe five attempted abductions in Westchester, Putnam and Rockland Counties since January are related, but reports conjure up memories of attempted abductions in fall of 2004; problem with instant approach is that information is not always accurate; photos (M)')('2006032', 'Elizabeth Arden and Allergan, makers of Botox, are offering Prevage Anti-Aging Treatment, strongest topical antioxidant that can be sold in stores; photo (S)')('2006032', "Style column highlights whimsical aspects of designer Stefano Giovannoni's Milan home; photos (M)")('2006032', "New York Online column on plan by new owner, Cnet Networks, to replace Web site Chowhound's archaic navigation system; drawing (M)")('2006032', 'Jill H Bennett letter responds to March 19 Our Towns column about proposal to include pregnancy as grounds for using handicapped parking spaces in New Jersey')('2006032', "Students from City University of New York's Graduate Center attend performance by Barbara Cook at Cafe Carlyle as part of noncredit course about her; photo (M)")('2006032', "Article on project to restore Soldiers' and Sailors' Monument in East Rock Park, New Haven, Conn; deteriorating300-foot-high memorial, including bronze statue known as Angel of Peace, was erected in 1887; photos (M)")('2006032', 'Connecticut Democratic Party snags Sen Barack Obama as keynote speaker for annual Jefferson Jackson Bailey dinner in Hartford on March 30; Laura Bush is scheduled to speak on behalf of Republican Congressional incumbents and other candidates in Greenwich on April 24; photo (S)')('2006032', 'E Dawson letter scores March 12 style article on Gretchen Mol')('2006032', 'Correction on March 19 Pulse column about lace')('2006032', "Renewable Energy Long Island executive director Gordian Raacke letter on David Bishop and William Lauder's March 12 Op-Ed article about proposed wind park in waters off Long Island")('2006032', 'Excerpt from book The Disposable American: Layoffs and Their Consequences by Louis Uchitelle, economics writer for New York Times; graph; photos (L)')('2006032', 'Iraqi politicians are considering asking United Shiite Alliance, which has 130 of 275 seats in Parliament, to allow vote by entire Parliament on candidate for prime minister in order to break deadlock; candidates would include current Prime Min Ibrahim al-Jaafari, whom main Kurdish, Sunni Arab and secular blocs oppose for various reasons, including his failure to curb insurgents and Shiite death squads; photo (M)')('2006032', 'Congo is approaching nationwide elections in June with mixture of optimism and outright fear; events in Iraq have made it clear to all that elections alone do not unite divided countries, and Congo is in entirely different league of difficulty than Iraq; Etienne Tshisekedi is one of dozens of potential candidates threatening to boycott polling and discredit what they see as sure victory for Pres Joseph Kabila; UN peacekeepers who will referee polling will stick around for aftermath; photo (M)')('2006032', 'The Goods column on Mutt Muffs, over-the-head hearing protector made for dogs co-designed by pilot Michele McGuire; photo (M)')('2006032', "George Vecsey Sports of The Times column discusses Louisiana State University men's basketball team, which advanced to men's NCAA tournament semifinal (M)")('2006032', "Brooklyn College teacher Stephen E Phillips letter on March 19 editorial about school financing and New York City's real estate taxes")('2006032', 'Review panel from American Society of Civil Engineers urges that entire New Orleans levee system be analyzed in light of new information about how 17th Street Canal levee failed after Hurricane Katrina; design of canal floodwall did not include safety margin allowing for unexpected stresses; Army Corps of Engineers formed review panel to analyze work of its own investigation of levee failures (M)')('2006032', "Former New Jersey Republican gubernatorial nominee Douglas Forrester's daughter, Briana, who had been ailing during campaign with brain hemmorrhage and Hodgkin's disease, has recovered and is enrolled at College of New Jersey (S)")('2006032', 'Profile of and interview with Soyoo Park Hyunjoo Caltabiano, Korean-born textile artist of Haworth, NJ, who is creating narration of her life in fabric collage panels that she hopes will one day fill entire wing of museum; photo (M)')('2006032', 'Building stories, comic strip by Chris Ware, part 27; drawings (M)')('2006032', 'Erica Wagner reviews book Little Money')('2006032', "Article on Suffolk County District Attorney Thomas Spota's tenaciousness at ferreting out corruption among politicians, many of whom are Republican; in just over four years, he has won 17 corruption convictions, 15 of them on guilty pleas, and has eight more cases pending; all but one of convictions have been of Republican leaders and officials, reflecting party's longtime dominance in county and town politics; Spota is known, even among Republicans, for his nonpartisan and evenhanded prosecutions; photos (L)")('2006032', "Mark Caldwell article on now-empty Fulton Fish Market in Lower Manhattan, particularly history of 1907 Tin Building; Jack Putnam, museum educator at South Street Seaport and expert on city's maritime and commercial history, comments; photos (M)")('2006032', 'Richard Wright, owner of Wright auction house in Chicago, talks about his teak and metal standing jewelry chest designed in 1952; his wife overbid for it at auction, forcing them to take bank loan to pay for it; photos (M)')('2006032', 'Correction on March 19 Evening Hours picture caption')('2006032', "Florida University men's basketball team prepares to face Villanova University in men's NCAA tournament Round of 8; photo (M)")('2006032', 'Kathleen Learned letter holds that encouraging use of native plants is not radical, but wise (George Ball March 19 Op-Ed article)')('2006032', "Correction of picture caption with article about Jamie Foxx in March 12 T: Men's Fashion magazine")('2006032', 'Martin D Kessler comments on Harvey Mansfield interview (March 12)')('2006032', "John Suarez is named to head Wal-Mart Stores' compliance team overseeing environmental, privacy and immigration policies; photo(S)")('2006032', "Virginia Sen George Allen laments his inability to get things done as senator and has his sights set on presidential office, even as he is running for re-election; Allen tacks right to win support nationally, but tactic may hurt his standing in Virginia, where his approval ratings were 51 percent in July 2005 but have fallen since; Virginia has just elected Democratic governor; political analysts say likability is Allen's greatest strength; photo (M)")('2006032', 'Gunman fatally shoots six people at private house party before committing suicide in worst mass murder in Seattle in more than 20 years; had attended rave concert earlier with other party-goers; left party briefly at 7 am and returned with shotgun and semi-automatic handgun, which he began firing without warning; police have yet to establish motive; photo (M)')('2006032', "Article discusses so-called Seinfeld Curse, which says alumni of Seinfeld television show cannot have hit sitcoms of their own; in fact, although four such shows were not big hits, by today's standards they drew respectable audiences; speculates whether Julia Louis-Dreyfus' new show, The New Adventures of Old Christine, will escape curse; photos (M)")('2006032', 'Rowan University president Donald Farish, noting possibility that Major League soccer franchise would build stadium near campus, announces billion-dollar development plan for athletic and classroom facilities (S)')('2006032', 'Photo of policemen confronting protesters in Minsk, Belarus')('2006032', "New York Knicks and Stephon Marbury prepare to face Minnesota Timberwolves, Marbury's former team; photo (S)")('2006032', 'Stephen Ames takes third-round lead at Players Championship; photo (M)')('2006032', 'Malcolm Pittman letter on March 19 article on cautiousness of Generation Y investors')('2006032', 'Rosemary Reiss letter on March 5 article about noisy leaf blowers')('2006032', "Op-Ed article by J Alexander Thier, senior rule of law adviser at US Institute of Peace, holds that case of Abdul Rahman, who converted from Islam to Christianity and will be sentenced to death unless he repudiates Christianity, is discouraging illustration of uneasy balance between democratic norms Afghanistan's Constitution enshrines and conservative Islamic values its judiciary upholds; contends that Pres Hamid Karzai, who must appoint new Supreme Court in March, has unique opportunity to change this (M)")('2006032', 'Rutgers University Prof Joan Gardner Ehrenfeld letter holds that it does not seem to be too great a request to ask that gardeners give up relatively few species known to cause problems and focus on numerous species that can be enjoyed without worry (George Ball March 19 Op-Ed article)')('2006032', 'Correction; March 12 article about Democratic strategy in midterm elections included photograph of computer screen that showed misinformation')('2006032', 'Jersey Footlights column; Crossing Boundaries: Visual Art by Writers, will be on view from April 1 to May 31 at Passaic County Community College and Paterson Museum in Paterson, NJ (M)')('2006032', 'Article on scene each March during mating season when hibernating spotted salamanders and wood frogs crawl out of woods in Connecticut and head toward nearby vernal pools where they were born; Denison Pequotsepos Nature Center in Mystic erects salamander-crossing signs along roads so motorists might drive slowly or change routes to avoid killing amphibians as they crawl to pools; photos (M)')('2006032', 'Op-Ed article by former US Education Secretary Richard W Riley calls on New York State Senate to match or exceed $100 million investment for pre-kindergarten programs that has already cleared state Assembly (M)')('2006032', 'Bill Cunningham Evening Hours photos of re-creation of 1966 Black and White Ball and other events around New York City')('2006032', 'Byron Calame, in Public Editor column, criticizes New York Times for its handling of March 11 article that mistakenly identified Ali Shalal Qaissi as hooded Abu Ghraib prisoner photographed standing on box with wires attached to his hands; also notes that Times has put in place technology that will help readers communicate with reporters and various departments (M)')('2006032', 'Profile of Javier Colon, 28, of Manchester, Conn, singer, guitarist and up-and-coming recording artist known by his first name; photo (M)')('2006032', 'Jeremy Arnold letter about Mar 19 article says most American movies, not just animation, are overly talky because their directors came from television')('2006032', 'Charles McGrath reviews anthology The Poets of New Jersey: From Colonial to Contemporary; photos (M)')('2006032', 'Sam Roberts reviews recent books about New York City: Rubble: Unearthing the History of Demolition by Jeff Byles, On the Town: One Hundred Years of Spectacle in Times Square by Marshall Berman, Birds of Central Park by Carl Vornberger and Club George: The Diary of a Central Park Bird-Watcher by Bob Levy; list; photo (M)')('2006032', 'Marc Dworkin letter on March 19 article on lack of women partners at law firms')('2006032', 'Jason Diamos Around The NHL column discusses San Jose Sharks player Jonathan Cheechoo, who leads team in goals this season; photo (M)')('2006032', 'Gov Jon S Corzine of New Jersey joins hundreds of mourners at memorial service for 12 tourists from New Jersey and Connecticut who were killed in minibus accident in Chile on March 22; service is held at Jewish Congregation of Concordia synagogue, near Monroe Township, where six of victims were members; photo (M)')('2006032', "Correction of March 19 article about New Jersey's growing budget deficit; Horizon Blue Cross is independent nonprofit corporation, not owned by state (S)")('2006032', 'Some New Yorkers are using their apartments and lofts as illegal night spots, hosting underground parties where guests can smoke, boogie and drink as long as they like; employ various tactics to avoid attracting police attention, such as asking guests to show identification to make sure they are 21 and asking them to sign a release form; house parties are promoted online and by word of mouth; entry fee is from $5 to $15; photos (M)')('2006032', 'Sue McGregor letter on March 19 article on lack of women at top rungs of law firms')('2006032', 'Police in New Canaan, Conn, arrest carpenter Brian Carter on larceny charge; display eclectic collection of objects at headquarters, hoping victims of robberies will claim them; photo (M)')('2006032', "Editorial urges New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg to take harder look at success of London's traffic congestion pricing program, which has reduced vehicle traffic by nearly one-third and increased use of mass transit")('2006032', "Mayor Michael R Bloomberg's announcement that New York Police Dept will add 800 officers and 400 civilians, in largest city-financed expansion of force since 1993, raised question every city has been asking since crime began to fall in 1990's: How many officers are enough?; experts say that policing is industry without standard business model, and determining proper size of police force is imprecise exercise; graph; photo (M)")('2006032', 'Helene Benardo letter holds that doctors have to be equal participants in effort to restore doctor-patient relationship (Peter Salgo March 22 Op-Ed article)')('2006032', 'Boite column discusses Pink Elephant, new club in New York City; photo (M)')('2006032', 'Buck Owens, country music pioneer, dies at age 76; photos (M)')('2006032', 'Mary Roach reviews')('2006032', 'Article on action-star Vin Diesel, whose career has sagged after string of poorly grossing films; several Hollywood professionals provide advice on how he should restart career; photo (M)')('2006032', 'Firefighters of Team C at Firehouse 2 in Austin, Tex, have begun to eat vegan diet following high-cholesterol scare of Specialist James Rae; firefighter and triathlete Rip Esselstyn was living proof that meat is not necessary for hard work and endurance; Esselstyn became vegetarian in 1986 and vegan in 2002, and persuaded group of five firefighters to rally round Rae and start cooking vegan dishes; photos (M)')('2006032', "East Brookyn Congregations, group that built 2,900 single-family homes in East Brooklyn since early 1980's, and its parent organization, Industrial Areas Foundation, break ground on six apartment buildings in East New York that will be taller and denser than earlier ones; drawings (M)")('2006032', 'Connecticut Wildlife Division director Hal May reports number of black bears in state has grown by 10 to 20 percent over each of last two years, to between 300 and 500 (S)')('2006032', "Connecticut University men's basketball team and Marcus Williams prepares to face George Mason University in men's NCAA tournament Round of 8; photo (M)")('2006032', "Caryn James article discusses films of director Spike Lee on occasion of release of Lee's new bank heist movie Inside Man; analyzes themes, settings, racial elements and class distinctions that comprise his work; photos (L)")('2006032', 'Article on competition that has developed now that FreshDirect, online grocery and prepared foods delivery service, is available in southern Westchester County; Peapod, affiliated with Stop & Shop, pioneered service in area in 2001; photos (M)')('2006032', 'Josh Hartnett and friends from movie Lucky Number Slevin enjoy dinner in New York City; photo (M)')('2006032', "Patricia Volk article on New York Jews' love affair with Chinese food; recalls long ago and recent dining experiences; photo (M)")('2006032', 'Patricia Brooks reviews Cantina Sforza restaurant in Westport, Conn; photos (M)')('2006032', 'Long Island Journal column; Jodi Picoult, 39, who grew up in Nesconset, comments on her career and her latest novel, The Tenth Circle; photo (M)')('2006032', "Street Level column on club scene in Manhattan's West Chelsea neighborhood; nightclub Crobar opens its doors for neighborhood residents once a month, but few locals are invited or show up; photo (M)")('2006032', 'NBA commissioner David Stern praises NFL commissioner Paul Tagliabue, who announced his retirement (M)')('2006032', 'Planning supervisor Stephen Delpapa says Connecticut Transportation Department is seeking comments and suggestions from public as it plans to upgrade highway rest areas (S)')('2006032', 'Howard Goldberg reviews several new wines from Shinn Estate Vineyards (Long Island Vines column) (M)')('2006032', 'Interview with Georgia Malone, owner of Georgia Malone & Co commercial real estate brokerage firm in New York City; photo (M)')('2006032', 'France faces undeniable problem from anti-Semitism among its second-generation immigrant youth; schools have been battleground over anti-Semitism since Sept 11 attacks, and teachers complain that government has done little despite many proposals; postwar climate for Jews in France has steadily soured as attention focused on Palestinians; anti-Semitic attacks skyrocketed with outbreak of second Palestinian Intifada; photo (M)')('2006032', 'Rebecca Reis letter says Mark Warner is candidate least likely to offend Republicans (March 12 Matt Bai article)')('2006032', 'Op-Ed article by former US Education Secretary Richard WRiley calls on New York State Senate to match or exceed $100 million investment for pre-kindergarten programs that has already cleared state Assembly (M)')('2006032', 'Donald G McNeil Jr article holds that frenzy over diseases like SARS, mad cow disease and avian influenza can fade when public believes that government is being honest; photos (M)')('2006032', 'Dina Mandes and James Hayes Jr wed in Old San Juan, Puerto Rico; photos (Vows column) (M)')('2006032', "Article on big names and big companies investing in new ways to produce ethanol using plant sources other than corn; describes industry's market potential and potential risks for smaller investors; photo (M)")('2006032', "Departing Israeli legislature is being described as perhaps most ethically challenged in country's history; more than 10 percent of legislature has been investigated, indicted or convicted; Israel's politics are intensely competetive and politicians frequently toss accusations of wrongdoing at each other; news media and legal scrutiny often lead to public investigations; photos (M)")('2006032', "*Amy Segel letter on Mar 19 article about television shows you 'hate to hate'")('2006032', "Marek Fuchs County Lines column on nasty behavior that occurs during local political races; Mike Edelman, lawyer and political commentator says bad behavior in small elections is partly function of candidates' amateurism; drawing (M)")('2006032', 'Op-Ed article by former US Education Secretary Richard W Riley calls on New York State Senate to match or exceed $100 million investment for pre-kindergarten programs that has already cleared state Assembly (M)')('2006032', 'Riot police in Minsk block thousands of antigovernment demonstrators protesting re-election of Pres Aleksandr G Lukashenko in vote widely regarded as rigged; arrest top opposition leader Aleksandr V Kazulin; police shove and beat many protesters and arrest dozens; opposition leader Aleksandr Milinkevich says people will not cease their civil disobedience campaign against Lukashenko and his authoritarian government; photos (M)')('2006032', 'Ron Powers re')('2006032', "Article on film Old Joy, latest feature by independent filmmaker Kelly Reichardt; Reichardt's career reviewed; photos (M)")('2006032', 'Russell Frank letter about Mar 19 article says photographers have ethical responsibility to get permission from people they photograph on street (S)')('2006032', 'Excerpts from previously published reviews of restaurants on Ninth Avenue near Columbus Circle (Good Eating column) (M)')('2006032', "Editorial urges state lawmakers to support recommendation made by committee appointed by Chief Judge Judith Kaye to overhaul New York's divorce and child custody rules, including institution of one-step, no-fault divorce")('2006032', "Jonah Keri Keeping Score column discusses men's NCAA tournament teams vying for final two spots in Final Four; photo (M)")('2006032', 'Cache of cold war supplies discovered inside foundations of Brooklyn Bridge is prompting an outpouring of interest from historians and curators; city officials are still unable to explain how stockpile of water drums, medical supplies and ration crackers, some with dates of 1957 and 1962, got there, and for whom they were intended (M)')('2006032', 'Researchers and experts, attending symposium by New York Sea Grant at Suffolk County Community College, say worst of brown tide algae bloom that decimated clams and scallops in Great South Bay and Peconics in 1985 may be over; stop short of predicting that brown tide would never again explode in region; symposium marks end of $3 million, 10-year Brown Tide Research Initiative financed by National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration; photo (M)')('2006032', 'Article describes way in which housing construction loans from banks help owners protect their investments while homes are being built; photo; photo (M)')('2006032', 'Interview with Los Angeles Clippers forward Elton Brand; photo (M)')('2006032', 'Diane Johnson reviews book The Judgement of Paris: The Revolutionary Decade That Gave the World Impressionism by Ross King; photo (M)')('2006032', 'Article notes that French government wants to make it easy to fire young workers, and discusses four ways employer can deliver pink slip; drawing (M)')('2006032', 'Op-Ed article by Steven Lewis, who lives most of year in New Paltz, NY, and spends one month at small cottage on Hatteras Island, NC, offers suggestions to summer renters guaranteed to override pompous joy that goes along with high rental prices (M)')('2006032', 'Spokesman Michael Collins says police supervisors assigned to Simpson Street facility in Morrisania section of Bronx are working with staff, local precinct and community to address street litter problems around 41st Precinct station house; residents have been complaining that double parked cars belonging to police officers prevent street-cleaning trucks from washing near curbs; photo (M)')('2006032', "Nena O'Neill, co-author, with her husband, of book Open Marriage, dies at age 82 (M)")('2006032', 'American Red Cross dismisses third volunteer in its widening inquiry into allegations of improprieties involving relief effort after Hurricane Katrina; expects to make criminal referrals to authorities; supervisors have no official estimates of cash or value of supplies that might have been misappropriated; Americans donated $60 billion to relief effort, about 60 percent of which went to Red Cross; 95 percent of Red Cross personnel are volunteers (M)')('2006032', "Vincent M Mallozzi Cheering Section column discusses quest for former New York Knicks player Patrick Ewing's autograph; photos (M)")('2006032', "Parents for Academic Excellence and Safety coordinator Lisa Katselas letter on Debra West's March 5 Cross Westchester column on plan to rehabilitate eroding trails in Hillside Woods")('2006032', "Nigeria will end asylum of deposed Liberian dictator Charles Taylor and hand him over to Liberian government for trial; Taylor spawned bloody cycle of civil war that killed 300,000 people across West Africa in 1990's; has been indicted by United Nations-backed Special Court in Sierra Leone, where he will be tried for war crimes and crimes against humanity; photo (M)")('2006032', 'LetterÌ')('2006032', 'Jonathan Cohen letter about Mar 19 article says Hayao Miyazaki animated films are too subtle for most American youngsters')('2006032', 'Ben Stein column scores pending federal government decision that would allow passengers to talk on cellphones while in flight (M)')('2006032', 'Hans W Singer, economist who helped create World Food Program, dies at age 95 (M)')('2006032', "Correction on Andrew Kohut's March 24 Op-Ed article about isolationism; his forthcoming book is America Against the World")('2006032', "Robert Byrne Chess column on Alexander Onischuk's win over Yuri Shulman at United States Championship in San Diego; diagram (M)")('2006032', "Correction on Andrew Kohut's March 24 Op-Ed article about isolationism; his forthcoming book is America Against the World")('2006032', 'Amanda Hesser offers recipe for Boston baked beans; photo (M)')('2006032', 'Suspected Tamil Tiger rebels off northwestern coast of Sri Lanka blow up their fishing trawler and sink approaching navy craft, leaving eight sailors missing and feared dead; fishermen rescued 11 crew members off patrol boat; explosion is latest blow to newly revived peace efforts (M)')('2006032', "Kevin Cahillane reviews Sidney Lumet's new film Find Me Guilty, based on story of 1987 racketeering trial of 20 members of New Jersey's Luchese crime family and lawyers who defended them; photos (M)")('2006032', 'Detroit Red Wings coach Mike Babcock has led team to best record in West with 48-15-6; photo (M)')('2006032', "Hundreds of people attend pro- or anti-immigration rallies in Manhattan and Queens and Bogota, NJ, latest in nationwide series of demonstrations being held as Congress debates legislation that would substantially revamp country's immigration laws; those who favor stricter rules feel proposals are too lax, and immigration advocates feel they are too severe; photo (M)")('2006032', 'Article profiles character Dr Allison Cameron, played by Jennifer Morrison on television show House; describes ambiguous relationship between Dr Cameron and Dr House; photo (M)')('2006032', "Editorial urges state lawmakers to support recommendation made by committee appointed by Chief Judge Judith Kaye to overhaul New York's divorce and child custody rules, including institution of one-step, no-fault divorce")('2006032', 'Andrew Ross Sorkin column on Kerzner International deal to buy Atlantis resort and casino in Bahamas (M)')('2006032', "Dr Eric M Wasserman letter responds to Peter Salgo's March 22 Op-Ed article about doctor-patient relationship")('2006032', 'Robert Bruce Scott letter discusses successful basketball coaches Phog Allen and James Naismith(S)')('2006032', "Daniel Altman column explores issue of whether US's record-setting current account deficit can turn around like it did between 1987 and 1991; describes why changes that have taken place since 1991 matter and how they may impact US's domestic economy; graph (M)")('2006032', 'Rasheem Parrish is shot in stomach by police during scuffle in Queens; police say Parrish pulled out pistol during confrontation (S)')('2006032', "Lenora Todaro reviews book Rose of No Man's Land by Michelle Tea; drawing (M)")('2006032', 'Correction of Mar 19 article about new American operas')('2006032', 'Indian sitar player Anoushka Shankar talks with Winter Miller about six CDs she has been listening to; photos (M)')('2006032', 'Editorial holds that pension reform bill being worked on by House-Senate conference is worthless; maintains that there is still time to rescue this critical legislation--if key lawmakers like Rep John Boehner and Sen Johnny Isakson give up political horse-trading and put public good above corporate interests; holds that no matter what Congress does, traditional pensions are disappearing; says point of reform should be to avoid accelerating decline by ensuring that companies with pension obligations keep their promises, in that way protecting employees and taxpayers')('2006032', "Rutgers University women's basketball team prepares to face Tennessee University in NCAA tournament Round of 16 (M)")('2006032', 'Michael Pollan article describes his first and only experience hunting; says he felt that he should take responsibility once for killing that eating meat entails and pay full karmic price of meal; says companion and mentor Angelo Garro decided they should hunt for boar because meat is delicious; says he in part envies moral clarity of vegetarians even though they depend on denial of reality that can be its own form of hubris; describes revulsion he experienced while Garry was carving boar; discusses efforts of people to distance themselves from their food; photos (L)')('2006032', "Article on Pentacostal and fundamentalist Christian churches on Long Island, which tend to fly below radar; part of low profile stems from fact that they are usually nondenominational; Upper Room in Dix Hills, which can seat 3,500, is among largest churches on Island; Pentacostal and fundamentalist Christians believe that humanity is now living in 'end times' prophesied in Bible; photos (M)")('2006032', 'FYI column answers questions about when colors of New York City police cars were switched from black and white, whether Maria Callas was born and raised in Brooklyn and what was on site before Gracie Mansion was built; drawing (M)')('2006032', 'Julia E S Spencer letter says parents of severely impaired children are saddled with enormous costs (March 12 Elizabeth Weil article)')('2006032', 'Concerts performed by New York Philharmonic, Los Angeles Philharmonic and various European orchestras will soon be available for downloading onto iPods as part of new initiative by Universal Music Group; digital downloading of classical music has shown significant growth; trends give hope to those who are concerned about future of classical music; drawing (M)')('2006032', "Profiles of seven GI's from Westchester County, NY, who have died in Afghanistan and Iraq, as third anniversary of invasion of Iraq is marked; photos (L)")('2006032', 'Liz Robbins Around The NBA column discusses Los Angeles Clippers player Sam Cassell, who has had undeniable impact on team since trade last summer; photo (M)')('2006032', 'Article on gentrification of black middle class enclave in Fair Haven, NJ, where many residents were descendants of freed slaves who helped settle town; sharply rising property taxes has made town less diverse over last six years; aging population, whose offspring have largely moved away, wrestles with high property taxes and increasing affluence of town where few people, black or white, can afford to live; photos; map (M)')('2006032', "Article on dental technician James Kim, who has patented identification technique based on embedding name or number in porcelain of crowns, bridges and other restorations he makes at his business, K Art Dental Studio in Commack, NY; Kim envisions his tooth identification for use mostly by people in risky jobs and those who might wander off, like people with Alzheimer's or mental retardation; hopes idea will spawn national database of dental records; photos (M)")('2006032', 'Gamco Investors says it paid chairman and chief executive Mario Gabelli, against whom Justice Department plans to press civil fraud claims, $55.5 million last year (S)')('2006032', 'Man is struck and killed in Manhattan by car that flees accident scene (S)')('2006032', 'James R Conner letter holds that medical schools must appreciate their place in restoring human nature of doctor-patient relationship; drawing (Peter Salgo March 22 Op-Ed article)')('2006032', "Long Island Power Authority chairman Richard Kessel letter on David Bishop and William Lauder's March 12 Op-Ed article holds offshore wind project is part of LIPA's energy master plan")('2006032', "George Mason University and men's basketball coach Jim Larranaga prepare to face Connecticut University in NCAA tournament Round of 8 (M)")('2006032', 'Meryl G Gordon letter suggests compassionate society might provide catastrophe insurance for parents to help pay overwhelming costs of raising profoundly disabled child (March 12 Elizabeth Weil article)')('2006032', 'Liesl Schillinger reviews Fired! by Annabelle Gurwitch and Queen of the Oddballs: And Other True Stories From A Life Unaccording To Plan by Hillary Carlip; photos (M)')('2006032', 'Correction; March 12 William Safire On Language column misspelled name of writer Walter Lippmann')('2006032', "Article on plans for Wildcliff, crumbling city-owned Gothic Revival house overlooking Long Island Sound in New Rochelle, NY; city is renovating house and preparing to turn it over to Steven and Jill Abusch as home for Play Group Theater, nonprofit theater company for children and teens that couple founded in 1994; house's exterior was added to National Register of Historic Places in 2002 but Abusches need to raise more than $1 million to rebuild theater; photos (M)")('2006032', "Roundup of week's stock market activity; graphs (M)")('2006032', 'James A Bradbury letter comments on Carl Zimmer March 12 review of Elizabeth Kolbert book Field Notes From a Catastrophe')('2006032', 'Article on Chicago production of new play Hizzoner, written by and starring Neil Giuntoli; play explores many contradictions of life and career of former Chicago mayor Richard J Daley, who died nearly 30 years ago; photo (M)')('2006032', "Lucy Sykes and other designers are expanding their children's collections to fit adults; photos (S)")('2006032', 'Reading File column; excerpts from Lisa Armstrong article in Times of London, editorial in Objective Standard, new Canadian journal, report by group of computer researchers on microsoft.com and Allan Carlson article in March 27 issue of The Weekly Standard (M)')('2006032', "Dr Ralph Lucariello letter holds that patients need to become proactive in their selection of doctors, but it is also incumbent on doctors to work toward being doctors, not 'providers'; (Peter Salgo March 22 Op-Ed article)")('2006032', 'Letters:')('2006032', 'Door Guardians, jade, crystal, agate and tourmaline bracelets made to hang on door handles, are adorned with amulets intended to increase odds of good tidings and ward off ill-intentioned spirits; photo (S)')('2006032', 'Door Guardians, jade, crystal, agate and tourmaline bracelets made to hang on door handles, are adorned with amulets intended to increase odds of good tidings and ward off ill-intentioned spirits; photo (S)')('2006032', 'Shirley Claghorn letter on Harvey C Mansfield interview says he should have been on cover of March 12 magazine')('2006032', "Editorial, in light of design report for first phase of PCB cleanup of Hudson River, urges Environmental Protection Agency to quickly find way to close gap between their projections of workable dredging timetable and GE's; holds EPA should ensure that latest delay is not product of GE's willful resistance to start job")('2006032', 'Drivers prepare for Food City 500 race; photo (M)')('2006032', 'Cross Westchester column; group of graduate students from Sarah Lawrence College spend week working at Louisiana Family Assistance Center in Baton Rouge, helping reunite families separated in Hurricane Katrina and identify human remains through DNA testing; Yorktown Board of Education is sifting through exit results to determine why voters rejected plan to create full-day kindergarten program; photo (M)')('2006032', 'Bryan T Norwood is named new police chief of Bridgeport, Conn (S)')('2006032', 'Editorial expresses doubt that new Nassau County Parks Commissioner Jose Lopez has skills or experience to do job well; calls on Lopez to overcome his doubters by giving up 18-month leave of absence as head of physical education department at Great Neck South High School and plunging into job')('2006032', 'Bill Cunningham On the Street photos of fashions from Paris fall collections')('2006032', 'Producers Travis Reid, John Lyons, Joel Stillerman and Charlie Corwin participate in panel discussion on future of film and television held by Screenvision and hosted by James Lipton; photo (S)')('2006032', "Palestine Hotel was one of best-known landmarks in Baghdad, where journalists stood on roof and filmed Saddam Hussein's palaces being bombed during invasion; contractors made it center of reconstruction effort, but hotel is now struggling to survive; lobby is mess from suicide bombing last fall, and fewer than 100 of 420 rooms are occupied; hotel still employs dozens of waiters, housekeepers clerks and guards, but it is not clear how much longer they can hang on; photo (M)")('2006032', 'Mark Troll letter holds that most patients who are dissatisfied do not have option of going to other doctors (Peter Salgo March 22 Op-Ed article)')('2006032', "Lisa Belkin Life's Work column on Dana Buchman's new memoir A Special Education; book describes life of ambitious career woman faced with raising learning-disabled daughter; drawing (M)")('2006032', "Christ the King High School (NYC) defeats Murry Bergtraum High School, 79-66, to win girls' New York State Federation Tournament of Champions; photos (M)")('2006032', 'Brian C Meagher, assistant district attorney in Brooklyn, will play Great Highland bagpipe at Carnegie Hall as visiting member of Orpheus Chamber Orchestra; bagpipes have rarely played at Carnegie, only three times in orchestral arrangements for Orkney Wedding, which Orpheus is performing; photo (M)')('2006032', 'Returning home from war can leave a marine feeling homesick.')('2006032', '"If Shake Shack isn\'t your favorite burger in the city, what is?"')('2006032', 'In the letter he filed today with the City Clerk, Mayor Sharpe James offered only one reason for his decision to abandon his campaign for a sixth term: ethics. But others around Newark and New Jersey offered their own explanations tonight. The mayor, whose term as a state senator expires in 2007, explained his reasoning [...]')('2006032', "Paul Dana died on Sunday in a crash on the 1.5-mile oval of the Homestead-Miami Speedway in Florida, two minutes into the last practice session before the IRL series' first race of the season, the Indy 300. Dana, 30, was a little known driver starting his first full season, racing for the Rahal Letterman team. [...]")('2006032', 'Richard Perry / The New York Times Sharpe James entered his sixth race for mayor 11 days ago with the flourish of a Las Vegas heavyweight, arriving at City Hall to deliver his petitions in gym shorts, astride a police bicycle. About an hour ago, he dropped out of the race with a letter to [...]')('2006032', 'In comments sent to Newark06, Marshall Curry, the director of the Oscar-nominated documentary "Street Fight" offered his own interpretation of the facts in this morning\'s post about the $60,000 in campaign donations that members of his family have made to Cory Booker\'s campaigns. For example, Mr. Curry takes issue with the statement that he and [...]')('2006032', "If all goes as planned, private equity firm Kohlberg Kravis Roberts should get a nice bounce from the initial public offering of Sealy. The preliminary terms for the mattress maker's I.P.O., laid out for the first time in a regulatory filing late Friday, set a price range of $14 to $16 per share. Even at [...]")('2006032', 'Readers respond to David Brooks\'s Mar. 26 column, "Lincoln\'s Winning Strategy for 2008": Vernon Edwards, Portland, Ore.: Ordinarily, I enjoy your columns and respect your opinions. But not this time. Lincoln was working to preserve of his own nation, not one half a world away occupied by a people whose fundamental beliefs are alien, even [...]')('2006032', 'Immigration is an intensely painful topic for a liberal like myself, because it places basic principles in conflict. Should migration from Mexico to the United States be celebrated, because it helps very poor people find a better life? Or should it be condemned, because it drives down the wages of working Americans and threatens to [...]')('2006032', 'Readers respond to Paul Krugman\'s Mar. 27 column, "North of the Border" Ed Szewczyk, Granite City, Ill.: Thank you very much for pointing out what balderdash it is for people to say that illegal immigrants do the jobs that Americans won\'t do. I want to yell at the television screen every time I hear someone [...]')('2006032', 'Just a few weeks after saying "no" to a $1.3 billion buyout offer, Longview Fibre has changed its stance to "maybe." The company, which manages 587,000 acres of timberlands in the Pacific Northwest, said Monday it has reconsidered its previous rejection after receiving "additional information" from Obsidian Finance Group and Campbell Group, the two buyout [...]')('2006032', 'In this lesson, students explore how language shapes debate by researching the names and tags both advocates and opponents use when discussing a topical issue. For homework, they create name collages and write prose poems.')('2006032', 'Are you looking for the next real estate opportunity? What if someone told you that for what you are paying for one house in Mill Valley, Calif., you could buy 23 apartments in Charlotte, N.C.? Good deal, huh? That\'s the line being advanced by "investment clubs" in California, according to the San Francisco Chronicle, which [...]')('2006032', "Francis Fukuyama takes his neocon-repudiation book tour to The Wall Street Journal, where he co-authors an op-ed with Adam Garfinkle, the editor of Fukuyama's American Interest magazine, on why democracy promotion isn't the best way to fight Islamic terrorism. The Bush administration's misguided linkage of two separate, and sound, objectives is backfiring by defeating democracy [...]")('2006032', "The plan of rival developers who want to turn 57,000 acres of desert west of Albuquerque, N.M., into housing tracts is turning into a war, says the Las Vegas Review Journal. The combatants: James Rhodes and Garry Goett. The paper reports that Mr. Goett's ANM Holdings offered $200 a share to buy Westland Development Co., [...]")('2006032', 'Mayor Sharpe James, despite speculation, will not hold a press conference today to announce whether he is running for a sixth term, according to Donna Purnell, his spokeswoman. If her statement holds up for the rest of the day - no guarantee since the mayor has a reputation for surprises - it would mean that [...]')('2006032', 'Police arrested a man in the Las Vegas Valley for chopping down 550 trees to improve his view of the Las Vegas Strip. An article in the Las Vegas Sun says that it is the latest example of a war among neighbors over new developments blocking views of the older ones. It recounts the number [...]')('2006032', "Need a chuckle? One of those chuckles that you wish weren't so funny, especially if you own a condo in the Washington, D.C. area? Take a quick look at the photo that Bubble Meter posted Sunday. Read this on the D.C. market. – DAMON DARLIN")('2006032', 'TA Associates just got a lot bigger. The Boston-based private equity firm on Monday announced the closing of two new investment vehicles: TA X LP, a $3.5 billion private equity capital fund; and TA Subordinated Debt Fund II LP, a $777.5 million subordinated debt fund. Together, the two latest funds come to about $4.3 billion, [...]')('2006032', 'High real estate prices around Lake Tahoe is forcing out year-round residents. The Sacramento Bee says that year-rounders living in and around the California side of the north shore has declined at least 20 percent. Those with some money are fleeing to less expensive areas off the mountain, but lower-income service workers find it hard [...]')('2006032', 'BMC Software said Monday it would pay $150 million in cash for Identify Software, an Israel-based company that makes software used to troubleshoot other software applications. Privately held Identify raised $15 million in financing in early 2004 from a group led by venture capital funds Star Ventures and Evergreen Partners Ltd. Houston-based BMC, which posted [...]')('2006032', 'Real estate investment trust Equity One is forming a joint venture with Investcorp of Bahrain to house 30 Texas shopping malls that Equity One now owns. The transaction, valued at $402 million, will bring in net proceeds of $327 million for Equity One, which will also get a 20 percent stake in the new venture. [...]')('2006032', 'Selborne Journal: 27 March 1759: Sawed-down those two espalier-trees in the New-Garden that bore angular apples: & employed John Lassam to graft the stems with some Cuttings from the Royal-russet in the Orchard. Grafted two of the Golden-pippins in the Orchard with Cuttings from the tree of the same sort. VK: A glimpse into an [...]')('2006032', "In what was arguably the biggest upset in the history of the N.C.A.A. men's basketball tournament, George Mason defeated Connecticut yesterday to advance to the Final Four. Conservatives and libertarians have long hailed George Mason as the university for their political soulmates. (See this National Review piece by John J. Miller.) At Reason's Hit & [...]")('2006032', "A new week. A familiar feeling. Newark's political world is once again frozen, waiting to hear from Mayor Sharpe James at a critical deadline. Speculation is still rampant that he will drop out of the race. The ballots are scheduled to be sent to the printer today, so this would be his final opportunity to [...]")('2006032', '(Andrea Mohin/The New York Times; Marko Georgiev/For The New York Times ) Despite all the Hollywood hype around the Oscar-nominated documentary "Street Fight," many residents of Newark reacted to the film about the 2002 mayoral race with ambivalence. The film portrayed Cory Booker as a tireless and idealistic underdog and Sharpe James as an intimidating [...]')('2006032', "The German media conglomerate Bertelsmann has initiated talks with Sony about altering the companies' joint venture in the music business and perhaps selling Bertelsmann's half to Sony or another party, according to The New York Times. Executives from both companies are expected to meet as soon as this week to discuss proposals to alter their [...]")('2006032', "Investment banks are forming a consortium to bid more than $6 billion for French consumer electronics manufacturer Thomson, according to The Business newspaper in London. The drive to bid for Thomson began after the company's chief executive, Frank Dangeard, said earlier this month that he was open to any offers that bolstered Thomson's position as [...]")('2006032', 'Signaling that any definitive word on a deal with Lucent Technologies will not come until late this week at the earliest, French telecom equipment maker Alcatel said Monday that its board planned to meet Thursday to discuss a possible merger with Lucent. An Alcatel spokeswoman told Reuters that "there is a board meeting to provide [...]')('2006032', "KarstadtQuelle, Germany's largest department-store operator, agreed to sell its property to a joint venture with Goldman Sachs for 4.5 billion euros ($5.4 billion) to eliminate debt. Go to Article from Bloomberg News » Go to Article from MarketWatch » Goldman Sachs, meanwhile, is busy on another European deal. The firm and Borealis Infrastructure Management said [...]")('2006032', 'With the McClatchy Company set to accept bids, starting as early as tomorrow, for the 12 Knight Ridder papers it is selling, some of the potential buyers are looking at the country as if it were a giant chessboard. The goal is not to topple a king but to become one – a king of [...]')('2006032', "Apple Computer will meet the Beatles' Apple Corps in court this week in London, where a judge will determine whether Apple Computer's iTunes online music service violates a 1991 agreement between the two companies that, the Beatles' Apple claims, blocked the computer maker from selling music. Go to Article from The New York Times »")('2006032', 'In a rare move, the Securities and Exchange Commission late Friday set aside a lifetime ban from the securities industry imposed on the former investment banker Frank P. Quattrone, just days after a federal appeals court overturned his 2004 conviction on obstruction of justice charges. The S.E.C. said that NASD, the market regulator that imposed [...]')('2006032', 'Shares of Hyundai Motors and affiliate Kia Motors fell on Monday after prosecutors raided their offices in a probe that local media tied to lobbying. Go to Article from Reuters »')('2006032', 'Lafarge North America, the biggest maker of building materials in the United States and Canada, spurned a $3 billion buyout offer from its French parent as too low. Go to Article from Bloomberg News »')('2006032', "An article in the San Francisco Chronicle on Friday seems to suggest that Google co-founders Larry Page and Sergey Brin are currying favor with San Francisco Mayor Gavin Newsom at a time when Google is bidding for a contract to offer free wireless Internet to the city's residents. Google offered Mr. Newsom a ride on [...]")('2006032', 'City National is buying money management company Independence Investment from Manlife Financial. The exact price tag was not disclosed, but City National did say that the transaction would be all-cash, and is expected to close late in the second quarter. City National also said that the deal is expected to "modestly" add to the company\'s [...]')('2006032', "Zurich Financial Services, Switzerland's biggest insurer, may pay more than $100 million to settle bid-rigging and accounting investigations with American state regulators, Bloomberg reported. An agreement with officials in New York, Connecticut and Illinois may be announced as soon as Monday. Zurich Financial agreed March 19 to pay $171 million to nine other states investigating [...]")('2006032', "At the heart of Biovail's racketeering lawsuit against the $8 billion SAC hedge fund and the research firm, Gradient, is an audacious claim: that some of the nation's biggest hedge funds colluded with independent research firms and analysts at big banks to produce purposely misleading research with the sole object of driving down a company's [...]")('2006032', 'Jerry Zucker has approached some of Canada\'s largest retailers in an attempt to unload about 80 underperforming Hudson\'s Bay stores, but he isn\'t talking to key rival Wal-Mart Canada Corp., industry sources say. They say Mr. Zucker is circulating a "secret" list of sites to major retailers including grocers Sobeys Inc. and Metro Inc., which [...]')('2006032', 'The United States Supreme Court will hear arguments on Wednesday in a protracted, closely watched patent case that pits a small company called MercExchange against eBay, the online auction and marketplace. While the grounds in the case appear narrow – the court will reconsider the rules under which courts grant injunctions against a company found [...]')('2006032', "ConocoPhillips is on target to complete its purchase of Burlington Resources next week, a Conoco spokeswoman said Friday. The deal should close March 31 pending Burlington shareholders' approval. Go to Article from MarketWatch »")('2006032', "The Brazilian police arrested the head of Credit Suisse Group's private banking unit in Brazil and seized the passports of six other company bankers as part of a four- month investigation into money laundering and tax evasion, Bloomberg News reported. Peter Schaffner, 48, Credit Suisse's chief for private banking in Brazil, was arrested and detained [...]")('2006032', 'Investment bank Lehman Brothers plans an aggressive push into Japan, where it hopes to double the size of its work force over the next three years, its head of Europe and Asia said. Go to Article from Reuters via CNN Money »')('2006032', 'Last month, the Bush administration confirmed that it expected the government to waive about $7 billion in royalties from oil companies over the next five years, even though the industry incentive was expressly conceived of for times when energy prices were low. And that number could quadruple to more than $28 billion if a lawsuit [...]')('2006032', 'Goldman Sachs Asset Management has started marketing its third distressed fund of funds. The fund-of-funds branch of investment bank Goldman Sachs has set a target of roughly $600 million for the vehicle, but it appears likely to collect up to $1 billion, said potential investors. Go to Article from LBO Wire »')('2006032', 'Platinum Equity has agreed to buy an 80 percent stake of Hispanic-focused telecommunications company Americatel for $49.6 million, becoming the latest private equity firm hoping to capitalize on the growing population of Spanish speakers in the United States. Platinum agreed to buy the stake from Chilean phone company Empresa Nacional de Telecommunications, or Entel, which [...]')('2006032', "While Nomura Holdings is poised to report the best profit in its 81-year history on record trading in a resurgent home market, Japan's No. 1 securities firm continues to struggle as a global also-ran. Go to Article from Bloomberg News »")('2006032', 'Green technology is piping hot right now. Buzz echoed in the ballroom at the Cleantech Venture Network conference this week in San Francisco, where venture capitalists gathered to discuss the future of alternative energy investments. Most of the more than 500 attendees - up from 325 at the previous conference - crammed in to hear [...]')('2006032', "In its first deal since launching last year, middle-market buyout firm Corinthian Capital Group has purchased Disc Makers, which produces CD's and DVD's for musicians and corporations.Terms were not disclosed. Go to Article from LBO Wire »")('2006032', 'Permira, the private equity firm, is examining selling Travelodge, the budget hotel group, for an estimated 1.1 billion pounds. Grant Hearn, chief executive, said yesterday that a range of plans for the business were being examined, including an offering or sale. Go to Article from The Times of London »')('2006032', 'The trio of private equity houses stalking ITV are grappling with the 1.4 billion pound problem of how to offer shareholders that do not like their proposed deal an exit from the television company. Goldman Sachs, Apax Partners and Blackstone have been working all weekend to find a way of providing underwriting capacity from a [...]')('2006032', 'Norwest Venture Partners has bet $12.5 million on HedgeStreet., a government-regulated online exchange for options and futures. HedgeStreet also secured a strategic investment from the Chicago Board Options Exchange. The CBOE, one of the largest equity options exchanges in the United States, provided "seven-figures" in capital as part of a strategic agreement, HedgeStreet\'s chief executive, [...]')('2006032', 'Groove Mobile, whose software powers the Sprint PCS Music Store, has closed on $8.5 million in Series B financing, bringing the total raised by the company to more than $20 million. Boston-based Egan-Managed Capital led the round, which closed in February. Go to Article from VentureWire Professional »')('2006032', 'Investment bank Friedman, Billings, Ramsey Group , although with some other investors from the banking world invested millions of dollars in a start-up insurance company based in Bermuda that was pretty much blown away by hurricanes Katrina, Rita and Wilma. Founded by Ramsey and financed by FBR, Quanta Capital Holdings Ltd. suffered such serious losses [...]')('2006032', "Even within the chummy world of Silicon Valley venture capitalists, many people haven't heard of Azure Capital Partners. To the extent they have, it's usually because of the San Francisco firm's ties to one of Silicon Valley's infamous characters. Azure's four founders all rose to prominence while working for Frank Quattrone, the former Credit Suisse [...]")('2006032', 'The corporate parent of American Water said Friday it would pursue an initial public offering for the South Jersey company. RWE of Essen, Germany, said in November that it was considering a sale or a public offering of the company. Go to Article from The Philadelphia Business Journal »')('2006032', 'The heat radiating from the Nasdaq could be thawing out what has been a chilly initial public offering market for small-cap technology companies. On March 22, Local Matters, a maker of Internet search software for the Yellow Pages market, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission to go public. It follows a March 17 filing [...]')('2006032', "It hasn't even happened yet, but the mere prospect of a $34 billion merger between telecom hardware makers Lucent Technologies and Alcatel has sparked a wave of speculation over which deals might be next in the telecom hardware industry. The need for consolidation in the sector has long existed, some analysts say, but this transaction [...]")('2006032', "Acquiring stock in fast-food chain Wendy's International Inc. may offer a cheap back door to a stake in Canadian coffee chain Tim Hortons Inc., which had one of the frothiest recent initial public offerings, according to Barron's. Go to Article from Reuters » Shares of Tim Hortons jumped as much as 42 percent in the [...]")('2006032', 'Pharmaceutical company Renovo plans to list on the stock market with an estimated value of up to 139 million pounds. The offer is expected to raise net proceeds of 40 million pounds to develop two drugs, Juvista and Zesteem, aimed at reducing scarring and accelerated healing following surgery. Go to Article from The Telegraph » [...]')('2006032', "Morgan Stanley's chief executive, John Mack, said his firm's falling ranking in fees from advising on mergers and acquisitions is no cause for concern. Morgan Stanley ranked second among financial advisers to global mergers and acquisitions in the fourth quarter with 79 announced transactions worth about $218 billion. So far in 2006, the world's third-largest [...]")('2006032', "Tattersall's Ltd., Australia's largest lottery operator, agreed to buy Unitab Ltd. for A$1.8 billion ($1.3 billion) in stock to gain control of the nation's second-biggest chain of sports betting shops. Go to Article from Bloomberg News »")('2006032', "Patrick Corporation, Australia's biggest port cargo handler, rejected Toll Holdings Ltd.'s increased A$5.5 billion ($3.9 billion) takeover bid. Go to Article from Bloomberg News » Go to Article from MarketWatch »")('2006032', 'The decision by Israeli Internet software security company Check Point Software Technologies to back out of its $225 million acquisition of software maker Sourcefire illustrates how a secretive interagency government panel uses its investigative muscle to stop foreign acquisitions of American assets deemed threatening to national security. Go to Article from The Daily Deal (Subscription [...]')('2006032', 'Last week, a group of investors agreed to acquire the company that owns the glitzy Atlantis resort and casino in the Bahamas, for $3.6 billion. The deal was notable for its size, says Andrew Ross Sorkin in his DealBook column on Sunday, but perhaps more so for a condition buried in the merger agreement that [...]')('2006032', "Australian Stock Exchange has agreed to buy the country's biggest futures market for A$2.25 billion ($1.59 billion) to increase its share of derivatives trading, which is growing faster than stock transactions. The exchange will pay 0.51 of its shares for each SFE Corp. share, the Sydney-based bourse said today. Shares in the futures exchange, also [...]")('2006032', "For those here who bristled at the Western European caricature of Polish workers as migrants who exploit a borderless Europe to snatch jobs from French and Dutch plumbers, Poland now has its own bogeyman: a giant Italian bank seeking to merge two of this country's major banks. The Polish government, alarmed at the idea of [...]")('2006032', 'The small Texas town of Marshall is an unlikely an unlikely hub in the lucrative universe of patent infringement litigation. But for the past five years, a steadily increasing stream of intellectual property lawyers from Boston, New York, San Francisco and all points Texas have filled the chain hotels along U.S. Highway 59. In private [...]')('2006032', 'Big name investors, like Vinod Khosla, founder of Sun Microsystems and former partner at Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers, Sir Richard Branson, chairman of the Virgin Group, and Bill Gates of Microsoft, are embracing ethanol the plant-derived fuel that some say could rapidly displace gasoline. Can investors whose pockets are not as deep jump into [...]')('2006032', 'Bill Batson announces he will seek Democratic nomination for Brooklyn Assembly seat of Roger L Green; highly competitive race for Democratic nomination for seat is expected (S)')('2006032', 'Ben Ratliff reviews new CD by Yeah Yeah Yeahs (M)')('2006032', 'Fire forces temporary relocation of 269 inmates at Metropolitan Correctional Center in New York City (S)')('2006032', "George Mason University defeats Connecticut University, 86-84, in overtime of men's NCAA tournament Round of 8; photos (M)0")('2006032', "Randy Quaid, who played disapproving rancher in film Brokeback Mountain, files suit against film's producers David Linde and James Schamus, contending that they falsely said project was low-budget film and thus persuaded him to work for far less than he normally would; Keith Carradine sues Hollywood private detective Anthony Pellicano contending that he conspired with Carradine's ex-wife Sandra Carradine to eavesdrop on his conversations illegally; Los Angeles Superior Court judge issues temporary restraining order against actor David Hasselhoff, requiring him to stay at least 100 yards from estranged wife Pamela Bach; photo (S)")('2006032', 'Detroit Tigers look to new manager Jim Leyland to bring success to team, which has had worst record in baseball over past five seasons; photo (M)')('2006032', 'Correction of March 24 photo of volunteers unloading supplies in Biloxi; photographer was Spencer Platt/Getty Images')('2006032', 'Dr Leo Lutwak, biochemist and nutritionist who raised early concerns about diet aid fen-phen, dies at age 77 (M)')('2006032', "UCLA men's basketball team prepares to face Louisiana State University in NCAA tournament semifinals (M)")('2006032', "Correction of March 20 business section listing of ad revenues for major media; newspapers' revenue rose five percent; did not decline 4.7 percent")('2006032', 'Arts, Bri')('2006032', "Photo of Connecticut University women's basketball team's win over Georgia University in NCAA tournament Round of 16")('2006032', 'Profile of Show Stoppers, group of New York City oldsters, average age of 80, who find joy in performing in retirement for elderly audiences; photos (M)')('2006032', 'Aleksandr Kazulin, detained opposition leader in Belarus, faces charge of criminal hooliganism and is denied prison visits; he was seized when riot police attacked peaceful protesters marching to prison where opposition members are jailed; protesters report several people with serious injuries; Kazulin challenged Pres Aleksandr G Lukashenko, whose landslide re-election has been declared invalid by Western observers; photo (S)')('2006032', 'Man dies when he falls down stairs of Queens subway station and crashes head-on into train (S)')('2006032', "Israeli leader Ehud Olmert hopes to win national election in his own right after years as behind-scenes political figure who fashioned new centrist Kadima party with Ariel Sharon and helped develop Sharon's policy of unilateral withdrawal from Palestinians areas; Kadima was built around Sharon but Olmert has steered it through difficult period, enforcing party discipline, limiting own public role and appointing popular Tzipi Livni as deputy; photo (M)")('2006032', 'A MAJOR VICTORY')('2006032', 'Stanley Hersh letter on city litter favors banning ad leaflets')('2006032', 'Letter from Union College admissions dean Dan Lundquist reports that increasing number of multiple, shotgun applications forces colleges to set admission targets on shakier assumptions, becoming falsely more selective and creating huge wait lists as insurance to fill classes')('2006032', 'A MARATHON, AND A HALF, HITS THE')('2006032', 'K B Mosley letter says illegal migrants should be brought into system to pay taxes, which requires going after businesses that pay them under table')('2006032', "M K Maloney letter says Cardinal Roger Mahony's ardent defense of aiding the unfortunate rings hollow when it comes to border security; calls for closing border entirely, setting up welcome centers and coordinating guest-worker program with Mexico")('2006032', 'Richard Fleischer, director of Hollywood movies, dies at age 89; photo (M)')('2006032', 'Ten men are arrested in New York City and charged with running sports betting operations that brought in more than $45 million a year; some have links to Gambino crime family and Chinese street gang; photo (M)')('2006032', 'Barry Silber letter says Bush administration credo seems to be that blame for things like torture are for others to bear')('2006032', 'Phillip Alder bridge column on deal that features most famous refusal to overruff with losing trump; diagrams (M)7')('2006032', 'Case of Afghan man facing death penalty for converting to Christianity is returned to prosecutors to determine if Abdul Rahman is mentally ill, which could scuttle case; Pres Hamid Karzai, pressed by Pres Bush to resolve case, reaffirms his intention not to intervene in face of international criticism; photo (M)')('2006032', 'Minnesota Timberwolves defeat New York Knicks, 98-94; photo (M)3')('2006032', 'Leon Daniel, editor and correspondent for United Press International, dies at age 74 (M)')('2006032', "Kevin Cameron Autos On Monday/Technology column discusses auto industry's efforts to clean up diesel cars to meet emissions standards; photo (M)")('2006032', 'Lawyers for Martin H Tankleff file motion to overturn 1990 murder conviction; cite new evidence from three new witnesses; Tankleff has been in jail for 1988 murder of his parents in Belle Terre, NY; motion follows rejection by judge to overturn convictions (M)')('2006032', 'White House Letter reports that Laura Bush has replaced her entire high command in East Wing; new figures include chief of staff Anita McBride, policy director Sonya Medina, press secretary Susan Whitson and social secretary Lea Berman; Whitson cites natural turnover, although chef Walter Scheib III was dismissed; pastry chef Thaddeus R DuBois is leaving to return to Borgata casino chain, at much higher salary; photo with Mrs Bush (M)')('2006032', 'John Tayman book The Colony: The Harrowing True Story of the Exiles of Molokai, about dark chapter in Hawaiian history when thousands with leprosy were forced to live on remote outcropping of island of Molokai, comes under fire; although book has garnered critical acclaim, complaints by former patients and people close to them about how book treats their stories, as well as claims of inaccuracies and sensationalism, have led to loose campaign to discredit book that extends to historians and state lawmakers; photo (M)')('2006032', 'Rally sponsored by Transportation Alternatives calls for ban on vehicular traffic in parts of Central Park in New York City at all times during summer (S)')('2006032', "New Mexico voters, like others around country, are reassessing view of Iraq war that has come to define George W Bush's presidency even as he intensifies efforts to shore up support; increasingly skeptical and pessimistic public is putting pressure on members of Congress who are hearing in their districts what opinion polls have been indicating; photo; graphs (M)")('2006032', 'Pressure mounts on Nigeria to arrest former Liberian president Charles G Taylor as UN war crimes prosecutor Desmond de Silva calls for him to be handed over to be tried for atrocities in Sierra Leone; photo; Human Rights Watch fears lax security may allow Taylor to flee resort where he is living (M)')('2006032', "Connecticut University women's basketball team defeats Georgia University, 77-75, in NCAA tournament Round of 16; Duke University defeats Michigan University, 86-61; photo (M)")('2006032', "Louisiana State University men's basketball team prepares to face UCLA in NCAA tournament semifinals; photo (M)3")('2006032', 'New Jersey Nets defeat Detroit Pistons, 79-74; photo (M)')('2006032', "New York Times College Scholarship Program announces recipients of awards; program considers each applicant's academic and financial need and provides each winner with up to $30,000 over four years of college; photos (M)")('2006032', "Polish government blocks deal for UniCredito of Italy to merge two Polish banks it owns, including Bank Handlowy; precipitates bitter clash with European Union and broader debate about economic nationalism and Poland's place in united Europe; minority government led by center-right veers toward antiforeign stance, reflecting topsy-turvy politics, but it is also playing to suspicions about Europe that have long lurked in Polish society; highest-profile target is Leszek Balcerowicz, president of National Bank of Poland who as finance minister in 1990's is credited with engineering economic metamorphosis; he says parliamentary probe is illegal and jeopardizes independence of central bank as Poland works to adapt to euro; photos (M)")('2006032', "Chart discusses men's NCAA tournament semifinal matchup between George Mason University and Florida University; chart; photo (M)")('2006032', "Bernard Holland Critic's Notebook review of three concerts by Kronos Quartet at Zankel Hall; photo (M)")('2006032', "Bertelsmann initiates talks with Sony Corp about altering joint venture and perhaps selling Bertelmann's half to Sony or third party; Sony BMG Music Entertainment, formed two years ago, is world's second-largest music company by market share (M)")('2006032', 'Rep Anthony D Weiner accuses Metropolitan Transportation Authority of failing to comply with 2004 directive from Department of Homeland Security that requires transit agencies to replace garbage cans on subway platforms with clear plastic or bomb-resistant cans (S)')('2006032', 'George Mason University, which advÈ')('2006032', 'Railyards in New York City Metropolitan Area remain highly vulnerable to unauthorized access despite attempts to tighten security after Sept 11 terrorist attacks; situation is especially worrisome in New Jersey, where chemical plants and refineries transport millions of shipments of hazardous material by rail near highly populated areas; Department of Homeland Security will ask Congress to adopt chemical plant security measure endorsed by industry but has been reluctant to tighten regulations on transporting hazardous materials by rail; photo (M)')('2006032', 'IRL ROOKIE DIES AFTER PRERACE COLL8')('2006032', 'Sec Condoleezza Rice says US will ask Russia about US military report that it helped pass information to Iraq prior to 2003 invasion (S)')('2006032', "George Vecsey Sports of The Times column discusses George Mason University's win over Connecticut University in men's NCAA tournament, which knocked perennial favorite Connecticut out in Round of 8; contends that smaller-market George Mason's place in tournament is good for college basketball (M)0")('2006032', "Supreme Court's announcement four months ago that it will rule on validity of military tribunal that Bush administration wants to try Osama bin Laden's former driver, Salim Ahmed Hamdan, appears to re-open struggle for supremacy between Court and White House; upcoming arguments discussed; photo (M)")('2006032', 'Fifth Honens International Piano Competition will include 72 pianists from ages 20 to 30, representing 19 countries; each contestant will perform 40 minute minirecital and early rounds of competition at Symphony Space will be open to public free of charge (S)')('2006032', 'New York Yankees defeat Detroit Tigers, 9-8, in spring training exhibition game (M)')('2006032', 'Kurt Busch wins Food City 500; photo (M)ÿ')('2006032', 'Stephen Ames wins Players Championship (M)')('2006032', 'Letter from Stefan Gleason of National Rights to Work Legal Defense Foundation warns Republicans their efforts to woo union elites will not only backfire politically, but will likely further alienate rank-and-file workers')('2006032', "Club di Guilietta in Verona, Italy, city where Shakespeare play Romeo and Juliet is set, is regularly flooded with letters from around world addressed to Juliet and every letter is answered by club's volunteers; notes are also left at what are said to be Juliet's house and tomb; Lise and Ceil Friedman, American sisters, have compiled some of letters and a few responses into book Letters to Juliet; photo (M)")('2006032', 'Stealin')('2006032', "Herbert M Levin letter says Cardinal Roger Mahony's March 22 Op-Ed article is well-reasoned call for practical immigration reform")('2006032', "Letter from Paul D Motzenbecker Jr, election judge in Maryland, warns of problems with Diebold's TSX voting machines")('2006032', 'Elana Roffman letter on visit to New Orleans for American Jewish Committee relief mission; reports that most hurricane evacuees are floundering, that there is no infrastructure to help them return and daily chaos for those who do')('2006032', "Chart discusses men's NCAA tournament semifinal matchup between UCLA and Louisiana State University; chart; photo (S)")('2006032', "Florida University defeats Villanova University, 75-62, in men's NCAA tournament Round of 8; photos (M)")('2006032', "Connecticut University men's basketball team's loss to midmajor team George Mason University pitted powerhouse against underdog in dramatic NCAA tournament game; photo (M)")('2006032', 'Dr Robin Coombs, British immunologist who invented diagnostic blood test that bears his name, dies at age 85 (M)')('2006032', 'Chris Kilmer letter points out that no high-ranking officers or policy makers have been prosecuted for abuses at Abu Ghraib, which raises question of whether Americans should or should not be subjct to international criminal courts')('2006032', "Tennessee University women's basketball team defeats Rutgers University, 76-69, in NCAA tournament Round of 16; North Carolina University defeats Purdue University, 70-68; photo (M)")('2006032', 'Richard Fossey letter says that if illegal immigration control bill becomes law his volunteer work helping migrants will become felony, but he will continue to do it')('2006032', 'Jon Pareles reviews new CD by Liars (M)')('2006032', 'New York City holds emergency response exercise using simulated explosion on freight train with hazardous materials in city railyard; photos (M)')('2006032', "Rasheem Parrish dies from gunshot wound sustained during struggle with police in Queens; police responded to report of man with gun and say Parrish swung at officer and fled; say officer's gun went off during attempt to subdue Parrish when he pulled out gun; shooting is under investigation (M)")('2006032', 'Correction of March 25 article about possible sanctions against Belarus for crackdown on peaceful protesters; US State Department spokesperson said number of oficials under sanction would probably increase by factor of five or six, not that total would be more than fifty')('2006032', 'Laura Sinagra reviews new CD by Figurines (M)')('2006032', 'Funerals and tributes are held for 10 Monroe Township, NY, residents and two Stamford, Conn, residents who died in bus crash in Chile; authorities in Chile say driver Cristian Contreras Guzman could face charges; photo (M)')('2006032', 'New York Sen Hillary Rodham Clinton is strengthening her re-election bid by visiting Republican strongholds but is constantly pursued by perceptions that her sights are on White House in 2008; political observers say that strong re-election showing with appeal to disparate groups will solidify 2008 presidential bid; photo (M)')('2006032', "Alex Chapunoff letter says Cardinal Roger Mahony's plea for immigrants offers sense of humanity")('2006032', 'George Mason UnÈ')('2006032', 'New York Mets defeat Baltimore Orioles, 8-0, in spring training exhibition game; photo (M)')('2006032', 'Matthew L Wald Autos On Monday/Technology column discusses method of treating exhaust gases, which could bring more diesel cars to market (M)')('2006032', 'Dave Anderson Sports of The Times column discusses Indianapolis Colts new kicker Adam Vinatieri, who could have big year with new team; photo (M)')('2006032', 'Kelefa Sanneh reviews new CD by Ghostface Killah; photo (M)')('2006032', "Donald M Sullivan letter says Cardinal Roger Mahony apparently wants 'line-item veto for his God' when he says that denying aid to illegal immigrants violates law with higher authority than Congress")('2006032', 'Nate Chinen reviews new CD by Christian Scott (M)')('2006032', 'Spike Lee film Inside Man captures top spot at box office for weekend with $29 million in domestic ticket sales; photo (S)2')('2006032', "Glenn Cheney letter on Cardinal Roger Mahony's March 22 Op-Ed about illegal immigrants says disobeying law may become moral imperative in nation where torture is legal and helping the needy is not")('2006032', 'Nate Chinen reviews concert LCJO in Small Doses, featuring members of Lincoln Center Jazz Orchestra, at Rose Theater; photo (M)0')('2006032', 'Senate Judiciary Committee to consider illegal immigration issue against backdrop of large pro-immigrant demonstrations around country (M)')('2006032', 'For all of you who worry about the dearth of dining options in the meatpacking district.')('2006032', 'With the term "civil war" increasingly coming up in coverage of Iraq, a reader asked how The Times defines "civil war" and "sectarian violence."')('2006032', "Generational change is one thing. The council race in Newark's West Ward is quite another. That's where Ronald Rice Jr. is mounting a challenge to incumbent council member Mamie Bridgeforth. Mr. Rice, who for years ran the political campaigns of his father, Deputy Mayor Ronald L. Rice, is campaigning as part of team of candidates [...]")('2006032', "As potential buyers continue to kick the tires at General Motors' financing arm, the company said Tuesday that recently discovered accounting errors would force it to restate financial results at that unit as far back as 2003. It also warned that a sale of the unit may never happen. G.M. had previously warned of the [...]")('2006032', 'My wife, Deborah, was in Virginia. My older boy, Jack, went to Costa Rica for his spring break. That left my 14-year-old son, Peter, and me in New York alone for the weekend.')('2006032', 'In my previous post, I tried to show that the magnitude of growth in government spending already in the pipeline is so great that it cannot be contained just by cutting. Those who think otherwise usually fall into two camps: utopians who think Congress will someday slash programs like Medicare, even though tens of millions [...]')('2006032', 'With the term "civil war" increasingly coming up in coverage of Iraq, a reader asked how The Times defines "civil war" and "sectarian violence."')('2006032', 'This is revoltingly immodest, but Ann Curry of NBC wrote a lovely blog item about traveling with me.')('2006032', "I just had an update on Aisha Parveen. She's really frightened, because in the last few days there've been several new attempts to kidnap her. There had been one previous attempt, by her brothel-owner's lawyer of all people. But in the last few days, thugs have made a concerted effort to find her and kidnap [...]")('2006032', "(Marko Georgiev for The New York Times) It's official. Deputy Mayor Ronald L. Rice is now a candidate for mayor, finally and - a day after Sharpe James took himself out of the running - unequivocally. At a loud news conference at the headquarters of the Newark Teachers Union on near City Hall, Mr. Rice [...]")('2006032', 'On my columns on Aisha Parveen, a number of readers were frustrated by my lack of specific suggestions for how to address the problem. Lisa from Oakland writes: "You did not mention to whom to write letters, etc. Ie, how can the average person do anything about this?" AJ from Richmond writes: "No matter how [...]')('2006032', "It was proposed in October, withdrawn in December and put back on the table earlier this month. Now, Cablevision Systems' controversial $3 billion dividend is a step closer to becoming reality. The cable company said in a regulatory filing on Tuesday that, as part of a legal settlement, it has agreed to set up a [...]")('2006032', 'Deputy Mayor Ronald L. Rice, who is leaving his current job at City Hall at the end of the month, appears to be picking up the campaign where Sharpe James left off. He said that he spent the morning "meeting with some of my secret weapons." And just as intriguingly, Mr. Rice announced that he [...]')('2006032', 'We hope there are plenty of hockey fans working at Irvine, Calif.-based Broadcom. Thanks to Footnoted.org, we learned that the chip maker scored about 10,000 free tickets to "selected" games of the Mighty Ducks of Anaheim - which, as it happens, are owned by Broadcom co-founder and chairman Henry Samueli. The tickets, which Broadcom will [...]')('2006032', "Normally, Steve Jobs' every move is the subject of obsessive analysis by technology watchers. But it took nearly a week for much of the world to notice that Mr. Jobs, the chief executive of Apple Computer, had unloaded Apple shares worth $296 million, or more than half of his stake in the computer maker. (Perhaps [...]")('2006032', 'The Federal Election Commission ruled Monday, in a unanimous vote, that paid political advertisements are the only form of political activity on the Internet subject to federal campaign finance laws. As Adam Nagourney of The New York Times reports, the decision provides "a broad exemption for all other Internet political activity, conducted by individuals or [...]')('2006032', "Selborne Journal: 28 March 1759: Put the male-bloom to three of the first fruit-Cucumber-blossoms, that were just turning-in, in order to set them. Sowed three pots more of Miller's, & three pots of Waverley-Cantaleupes, two seeds in a pot; to supply the hills in Case of any failure. Miller's marked as usual with sticks. Plunged [...]")('2006032', "Take a look at this list of the Google keyword advertising rates compiled on the CyberWyre blog that's making the rounds in the blogosphere. You'll see two subjects dominate the list: trial lawyers seeking clients and mortgage brokers. (The amounts are in Canadian dollars.) $54.33 mesothelioma lawyers $47.79 what is mesothelioma $47.72 peritoneal mesothelioma $47.25 [...]")('2006032', "The prospect of swallowing smoothie chain Jamba Juice has pushed shares of Services Acquisition Corporation International to an all-time high this week. But TheStreet.com's Matthew Goldstein argues that investors who place bets on privately held Jamba Juice are relying on stale financial data - and could be paying top dollar. Services Acquisition is a so-called [...]")('2006032', "Burger King has tweaked the registration for its initial public offering, and version No. 2 has some interesting additions. First, there are some additional underwriters in the deal. The newcomers - Wachovia Securities, Bear Stearns, Credit Suisse and Lehman Brothers – will be working alongside Burger King's quartet of joint book-running managers: J.P. Morgan Securities, [...]")('2006032', 'Today marks the beginning of the end of the Sharpe James era. The next mayor will take over July 1, which gives Mr. James only 95 more days to secure his legacy, line up jobs for his loyal hires at City Hall, and possibly throw a metaphorical wrench or two into the works if his [...]')('2006032', 'In a New Yorker "Talk of the Town" column, Steve Coll says we don\'t have to wait to know how history will judge the Iraq war: Particularly in free societies, botched or unnecessary military invasions are almost always recognized as mistakes by the public and the professional military soon after they happen, and are rarely [...]')('2006032', "From this morning's paper, here is the article on the decision by Sharpe James to step aside and the legacy he leaves behind. The Web site has posted a slide show of pictures from his 36-year career in Newark politics. And Josh Benson takes a look at the campaign between now and the May 9 [...]")('2006032', 'I\'ve finally had a chance to look at the infamous Sudanese advertising insert published in The New York Times on March 20. It\'s an eight-page tribute to the Sudanese government, beginning with a cheery lead story, "The Peace Dividend: Prosperity could lie ahead after years of conflict." It also shows a picture of what is [...]')('2006032', "Citigroup is expected to submit a cash bid to acquire some or all of Finansbank, Turkey's eighth-largest bank by assets, in a transaction that could be valued at $5 billion or more, according to The Wall Street Journal. Citigroup and the National Bank of Greece are the final two bidders. Go to Article from MarketWatch [...]")('2006032', 'J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. Chief Executive Jamie Dimon said Monday that the Wall Street bank would hire another 4,000 staff in India this year, taking its total there to about 9,000. Dimon said the bank was increasing its presence elsewhere in Asia, with plans to hire 750 people in the Philippines this year and [...]')('2006032', 'Mentor made good on its promise to sell its urology-products business, announcing a deal Monday with the Danish medical-device company Coloplast for $463 million. Mentor has been seeking a buyer for the business since October. Go to Article from TheStreet.com »')('2006032', 'As exchange consolidation threatens to inflate trading costs, another breed of trading networks is popping up to challenge the big boys, and their early success suggests that pricing power in the stock trading business is a thing of the past. With their low prices and rising volume, these electronic platforms are emerging as a new [...]')('2006032', "The incongruous Murdoch-Clinton romance, which has been hot for the past year or so, shows no sign of cooling down. Now, Rupert is greatly expanding his involvement with Bill's big Clinton Global Initiative's annual powwow this September, shortly before Hillary's up for reelection, according to New York Magazine Murdoch's involvement, along with that of French [...]")('2006032', 'Taiwan semiconductor maker Himax Technologies Inc. plans to raise about $430 million in its initial public offering on the Nasdaq this week Himax Technologies will offer 52 million American depositary shares at an expected price of $7.50 to $9 each, via underwriters Morgan Stanley and Credit Suisse. Go to Article from MarketWatch »')('2006032', "Vinci SA, the world's biggest construction company, aims to raise as much as 2.68 billion euros ($3.2 billion) by selling shares to fund its purchase of Autoroutes du Sud de la France SA, France's largest toll-road network Go to Article from Bloomberg News »")('2006032', "Arch Rock, a start-up with roots at Intel Labs and the University of California, Berkeley, on Monday announced funding and described its plans to sell software for wireless sensor networks. The San Francisco-based company secured $5 million in initial funding from Intel's venture investment arm, New Venture Associates, and Sashta Ventures. Go to Article from [...]")('2006032', 'TA Associates Ltd. has closed its tenth buyout fund at its $3.5 billion cap, after seeing over $8 billion in interest. The firm also closed on TA Subordinated Debt Fund II LP, or TA SDF II, a $777.5 million capital subordinated debt fund. "There\'s so much money out there," said Chief Executive C. Kevin Landry. [...]')('2006032', 'CHG Healthcare Services Inc. registered Monday for an initial public offering of up to $115 million in common stock, according to a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Salt Lake City company provides services in temporary staffing and permanent placement of physicians, nurses and other health care professionals. Go to Article from The [...]')('2006032', "Angel investing has long been a boys club. Women today make up only 7.5 percent of the country's 225,000 angels - individual investors who take equity stakes in start-ups. The good news is that women angels - who control a significant chunk of the $22 billion invested by angels each year - are more likely [...]")('2006032', 'Allurent Inc., a maker of Internet applications for commerce Web sites, has received its first round of venture capital funding from Polaris Venture Partners, the company said on Monday. Cambridge, Mass.-based Allurent, which launched earlier this year, would not disclose the amount of the funding. Go to Article from The Boston Business Journal »')('2006032', 'Highly regarded venture capital firm Sequoia Capital, an early backer of Internet darlings Google and Yahoo, has pumped more than $2 million into a new Web-based phone company that claims to make cheap Internet calls as easy as surfing the Web. The new start-up, called Jajah, allows customers to use their existing landlines and cellphones [...]')('2006032', "The government's criminal case against 17 former KPMG employees over sales of questionable tax shelters took an unexpected turn yesterday when one of them, David Rivkin, pleaded guilty to charges of conspiracy and tax evasion. Go to Article from The New York Times »")('2006032', "General Motors' Jobs Bank, which pays idled workers a full salary and benefits even when there is no work for them to do, is one critical burden that G.M. has to carry as it embarks on one of the biggest challenges – and biggest balancing acts – of its corporate survival. Go to Article from [...]")('2006032', "Indictments stemming from Hollywood's latest celebrity scandal have struck fear into Los Angeles' legal community. But it's the civil fallout from private eye Anthony Pellicano's wiretapping indictment that instills true horror for law firms. While top entertainment lawyer Terry Christensen is the only attorney indicted so far in connection with Pellicano, several others face litigation [...]")('2006032', 'GUS Plc said it will separate its Argos retail unit and the Experian credit-checking division with independent listings on the London Stock Exchange. The process will take six to 12 months, GUS said today in a statement. London-based GUS has already spun off the Burberry Group Plc luxury-goods company. Go to Article from Bloomberg News [...]')('2006032', 'LaSalle Capital Group LP has bought a controlling stake of Environmental Lighting Concepts Inc., which makes bulbs and fixtures that simulate natural light, from Parallel Investment Partners. The secondary buyout, which closed Friday, values Tampa, Fla.-based Environmental Lighting at less than $50 million, which is typical of LaSalle Capital investments. Go to Article from LBO [...]')('2006032', 'The Zurich American Insurance Company said Monday that it would pay $153 million in restitution and penalties to settle accusations of bid rigging made by officials in New York, Connecticut and Illinois. Go to Article from The New York Times »')('2006032', "Defense lawyers sought on Monday to undercut testimony by Enron's former treasurer, Ben F. Glisan Jr., that he warned Kenneth L. Lay that Enron was running low on cash shortly before Mr. Lay told investors the company was financially healthy. The defense's maneuvering came as prosecutors prepared to wrap up their case as early as [...]")('2006032', 'Baltimore-based regional bank Mercantile Bankshares agreed to acquire James Monroe Bancorp for about $142.9 million in stock and cash. Go to Article from TheStreet.com » Go to Article from The Washington Post »')('2006032', "Regulators brought Internet political advertising under the nation's campaign finance law Monday but declared that all other political activity on the Internet would be untethered by federal rules. Go to Article from The Chicago Tribune »")('2006032', "Temasek Holdings Pte, Singapore's state-owned investment company, agreed to buy a 12 percent stake in Standard Chartered Plc valued at about $4 billion, making it the biggest shareholder in the British lender. Go to Article from Bloomberg News »")('2006032', 'The Moscow Arbitration Court was scheduled to hear a bankruptcy suit by a consortium of Western banks against Yukos on Tuesday. The creditor banks called for the company to be declared bankrupt because it defaulted on a US$1 billion syndicated loan that had been arranged three years ago by Societe Generale jointly with Deutsche Bank, [...]')('2006032', 'Battered and bankrupt alike, take heart: The dot-com crash did more than cull the investor herd; it set in motion the next great wave of innovation. But now things will only move faster–and competition will only get hotter. After all those years of laying fiber-optic cable, DSL, and other high-speed lines, we have almost more [...]')('2006032', "StreamCast Networks, creator of the Morpheus file-swapping software, has filed a lawsuit naming Kazaa and Skype Technologies, among others, as defendants. The suit, filed in United States District Court in the Central District of California, claims that StreamCast owns the technology underlying Internet-calling provider Skype's software. Go to Article from CNet News.com »")('2006032', 'Stelco said Monday it had wrapped up all the agreements that go along with its restructuring plan, including multiple loan documents and a pension deal with the Ontario government. Go to Article from The Globe and Mail »')('2006032', "Bank of America Corp.'s MBNA America Bank has priced an offering of $750 million in asset-backed notes from the MBNA Credit Card Master Note Trust. The offering, slated to close Thursday, was lead managed by Banc of America Securities and co-managed by ABN AMRO Inc., Citigroup and RBS Greenwich Capital. Go to Article from The [...]")('2006032', 'Linden Lab, the publisher of the popular virtual world "Second Life," announced Tuesday an $11 million round of funding led by Globespan Capital Partners. The new funding, which comes on the heels of an $8 million round in October 2004, came from Globespan as well as Amazon.com founder Jeff Bezos, Lotus founder Mitch Kapor, the [...]')('2006032', 'The former chief executive of the Raytheon Corporation, Daniel P. Burnham, has agreed to pay a fine and return part of a $1.75 million bonus to settle Securities and Exchange Commission accusations over improper accounting practices in 2000 and 2001. Go to Article from The New York Times » Go to Article from The Boston [...]')('2006032', "The nation's largest brewer has its eyes on the world's second-largest country. Anheuser-Busch Cos. Inc. is engaged in talks with mid-sized breweries in India, according to a report published this week in India's Economic Times newspaper. An acquisition or joint venture there would mark Anheuser-Busch's entry into the emerging Indian market. Any investment would require [...]")('2006032', 'Equity One agreed to sell a controlling stake in 30 properties to private equity company Investcorp in a deal that will raise $327 million for the real estate investment trust. Go to Article from TheStreet.com »')('2006032', 'In a fierce round of maneuvering to defend its deal with state-owned Gaz de France, the French utility Suez came out forcefully Monday against Belgian demands for sales of assets and then challenged European authorities to do something about an Italian law that prevents a takeover of its rival Enel. The skirmishing comes as Suez [...]')('2006032', "If a Singapore-backed financial consortium proceeds with plans to buy Britain's largest ports operator, Associated British Ports Holdings plc, the deal will most certainly draw scrutiny from Washington regulators and politicians due to the target's assets on both U.S. coasts. The potential offer from the consortium, which includes Singapore government vehicle Temasek Holdings, Goldman Sachs [...]")('2006032', "As merger talks between Lucent and Alcatel continue to advance, attention is turning to the role Lucent's fast-growing work for military and intelligence agencies may play in securing government approval for the trans-Atlantic deal. With a long history of contributing to military efforts like ballistic missile technology and submarine sonar, the famed Bell Labs unit [...]")('2006032', 'When the Jones Apparel Group became the latest clothing manufacturer to put itself up for sale last week, some industry executives and investment bankers were left scratching their heads. "It doesn\'t seem like an obvious deal," said one banker. "Certainly not a home run." Go to Article from The New York Post »')('2006032', 'Mattress maker Sealy set an expected price range of $14 to $16 a share for a planned initial public offering that would yield its controlling shareholder, Kohlberg Kravis Roberts, about a 140 percent gain on its $436 million equity investment. Trinity, N.C.-based Sealy, which KKR, a New York private equity firm, acquired in a $1.5 [...]')('2006032', 'After several years of working in the shadow of traders and fixed-income professionals, investment bankers in the U.S. are finally getting some respect. Bolstered by a sparkling year in M&A, which logged its highest volume since 2000, Wall Street firms boosted the compensation they paid to investment bankers by some 20 percent in 2005. But [...]')('2006032', "McClatchy Co.'s recent announcement that it planned to sell the Herald and 11 other Knight Ridder Inc. newspapers as part of its $4.5-billion acquisition of the San Jose-based chain has led to a burst of interest by local businesspeople and groups in buying several of the publications. The would-be press lords – many of them [...]")('2006032', "Arthur Riel, a former Morgan Stanley technology executive at war with the firm over an alleged improper dismissal from his $500,000 a year job, has produced what he claims are smoking gun e-mails laying out proof of the Wall Street company's maneuvering. Mr. Riel, the former executive director of Morgan's Law Information Technology department, who [...]")('2006032', "Target is eyeing locations put on the market by Federated Department Stores Inc. The Minneapolis-based discounter joins other retailers in the bidding for Federated stores, notably Nordstrom which has recently purchased seven Federated properties. Go to Article from Women's Wear Daily (Subscription Required) »")('2006032', "Facebook, the Web site where students around the world socialize and swap information, has put itself on the block, BusinessWeek reported in its online edition. The owners of the privately held company have turned down a $750 million offer and hope to fetch as much as $2 billion in a sale. It's not clear who [...]")('2006032', 'Hedge funds, those traditionally publicity-shy investment pools, are already smarting over recent rule changes that forced them to register with the Securities and Exchange Commission. (In fact, a large minority of them have avoided registering by using loopholes in the new rules.) The next encroachment could come at the state level - but that depends [...]')('2006032', "For years, Google has all but ignored Washington and its machinations. But the company's age of political innocence is clearly over. The giant of Internet search has been ramping up its lobbying and legislative operations, hiring politically connected lobbying firms and consultants with ties to Republican leaders. Advisers say the company may also set up [...]")('2006032', 'In this lesson students will examine the different types of pandemic flu viruses and virus "scares" that have occurred over the past hundred years by creating a master chart that displays the origins, transmission, symptoms, and socio-historical impact of each virus.')('2006032', 'Beth Rosen letter says cold-war supplies were often stored in apartment building basements (March 26 article)')('2006032', 'CRASH IS INVESTIGATED; LIFE GOES ON IN')('2006032', "Ukraine is in political gridlock as parties that led in parliamentary elections jockey for advantage to appoint newly empowered prime minister and government under Pres Viktor A Yushchenko; Yushchenko appears stunned that his part trailed distant third place in voting; Yulia V Tymoshenko, his former partner and prime minister whose block outpolled Yushchenko's, says she is confident that alliance can still be formed among what she calls democratic forces that rode popular uprising of 2004; Party of Regions, led by Yushchenko's rival, Viktor F Yanukovich, so far has largest number of votes; photo (M)")('2006032', 'New Jersey Nets defeat Phoenix Suns, 110-72; photos (M)0')('2006032', "New York City police provide more details about struggle between officers and Rasheem Parrish, who was fatally shot by police; say Parrish pointed gun at head of officer while being subdued, despite witnesses' statements to contrary; say shooting was justified (M)")('2006032', 'Murray Chass On')('2006032', "Heather Timmons Market Place column on decision by Goldman Sachs to buy controlling stake in property group of German department store chain KarlstadtQuelle and plan to bid on Britain's largest port operator, Associated British Ports (M)")('2006032', 'New York Yankees pitcher Octavio Dotel will face hitters for first time since elbow surgery in batting practice (M)')('2006032', "Israelis vote in their fourth national election in seven years, and it is widely billed as one of most important--and least inspiring--ballots in Israel's history; Acting Prime Min Ehud Olmert and his centrist Kadima Party, overwhelming favorite, say they are prepared to fix Israel's eastern border in next four years in what would be wrenching process involving removal of tens of thousands of Jewish settlers from West Bank; photo of soldier voting at traveling voting booth in West Bank; photo of poster of Ariel Sharon; photos of Olmert and other members of Kadima's slate (L)")('2006032', 'Sen Chuck Schumer letter says legislation that he and Sen Lindsey Graham introduced would reverse currency inequity (March 27 editorial)')('2006032', 'William Hodges is convicted of 1999 shooting of Police Officer David Gonzalez during struggle in Queens (S)')('2006032', 'Michael Petrone Frequent Flier column recalls recent stay at luxury hotel when he was outed as inspector for AAA Publishing; photo (M)')('2006032', 'New York Gov George E Pataki and developer Larry A Silverstein move closer to agreement on rebuilding at World Trade Center site; proposal would free Silverstein from building Freedom Tower, give him rent reduction and he would retain right to develop three office towers; board of Port Authority of New York and New Jersey is to consider agreement, though several major issues remain unresolved (M)')('2006032', 'Jane E Brody Personal Health column describes off-label use of pain killer Neurontin to help women experiencing hot flashes and night sweats; drawing (M)')('2006032', "Those who may have guessed or bet on men's NCAA tournament are unlikely to have guessed correctly, as this year's Final Four does not include one top-seeded team; photos (M)")('2006032', "Critic's Choice: New D")('2006032', 'Federal Election Commission rules that political communication online, including Web logs, setting up Web sites and e-mail, is not regulated by campaign finance laws; also rules that paid political ads on Web sites are covered by 2002 campaign finance law, which restricts spending and contributions and bars corporations and unions from using their treasuries to purchase Web ads (M)')('2006032', 'New York Civil Liberties Union asks federal appeals court to make public secret ruling by Judge Thomas J McAvoy in terrorism case against Yassin M Aref and Mohammed M Hossain; defendants asked for McAvoy to dismiss charges if evidence included warrantless wiretapping by National Security Agency (S)')('2006032', 'New York Democratic gubernatorial hopeful Thomas R Suozzi alleges rival Eliot Spitzer has failed to stamp out Medicaid fraud and waste during his time as attorney general (M)')('2006032', "Union officials say Delphi parts supplier has proposed giving factory workers $50,000 in exchange for 40 percent reduction in pay; plan calls for General Motors to subsidize part of plan's cost; offer comes shortly after Delphi and United Auto Workers reach agreement on buyout offers; photo (M)")('2006032', 'ABC manages to beat CBS in ratings for Sunday with show Desperate Housewives and lineup of repeats; photo (S)')('2006032', 'Jewish congregation in Dushanbe, capital of Tajikistan, is shrinking, and its synagogue, last in country, is being torn down bit by bit to make way for presidential palace; most of few hundred remaining Jews are elderly, and they hope to join relatives in Israel, United States and Germany; photos; map (L)')('2006032', 'Cindy Walker, country songwriter, dies at age 87; photo (M)')('2006032', 'Rev Philip Melvin Mann is found fatally stabbed in his Manhattan apartment (S)')('2006032', 'Q & A column discussing common questions about avian flu and its potential threat to world health; drawings; graph (L)')('2006032', 'Steve Friedman, who created The Early Show at CBS, returns to CBS News as vice president for morning broadcasts (S)')('2006032', 'Jung Hwan Cha is charged with fatally stabbing his father Young Bae Cha in Queens apartment (S)')('2006032', 'Okey Ndibe letter calls upon Pres Bush to convey to Nigerian Pres Olusegun Obasanjo that he will not support his quest for constitutional amendment to permit third term in office (March 26 editorial)')('2006032', "Nigerian officials extend national census count by two days following complaints that many of nation's roughly 130 million people have not been included in count; photo (S)")('2006032', 'Marcus Wiesner letter says evidence of torture of kidnapped Iraqis is sickening confirmation of primitive nature of ideologies that US was unprepared to encounter (March 26 article)')('2006032', 'New York City correction officer Nicholas Zito is charged with disabling video surveillance system to prevent recording of beating of inmate on Rikers Island (S)')('2006032', 'Tens of thousands of immigrants in Washington and in several other cities continue wave of angry protests over Congressional proposals to arrest illegal immigrants and fortify Mexican border; about 22,000 mostly Hispanic students in Los Angeles walk out of school; demonstrations are also held in San Francisco and Detroit; photos (M)')('2006032', "George Mason University men's basketball team prepares for NCAA tournament Final Four appearance and chance to play on national stage; photos (M)")('2006032', 'P David Pearson letter holds reading skills are useless without knowledge and should be taught as tool to support learning in other areas (March 26 article)')('2006032', 'Number of Nascar drivers argue after Food City 500 (M)0')('2006032', 'Boldface column on battle waged in New York Post by restaurateur Nello Balan against allegations of domestic violence brought by girlfriend (M)')('2006032', 'Report to be released by TNS Financial Services finds that number of American households with net worth of $1 million or more, excluding principal residence, grew to record 8.9 million in 2005, compared with 8.2 million in 2004; finds that about one in 12 households in most large counties, or about 8.5 percent, was worth $1 million or more, with exception of Nassau County, NY, where millionaire families were more than twice as common, at 17.5 percent; graph (M)')('2006032', 'Chilean authorities say they are likely to press involuntary manslaughter charges against Cristian Contreras Guzman, bus driver in crash that killed 10 Monroe Township, NJ, residents and two Stamford, Conn, residents; Guzman remains hospitalized; funerals are held for several victims; photo (M)')('2006032', "Rutgers University names Fred Hill new men's basketball head coach; photo (M)6")('2006032', "Supreme Court hears arguments on Pennsylvania's policy of denying most newspapers, magazines and photographs to its most incorrigible prison inmates against claims that restriction violates First Amendment; federal appeals court ruled in 2005 that prison officials failed to provide objective evidence to show that policy actually accomplishes twin goals they claim for it: improved security and 'behavior modification' of recalcitrant inmates; Justice Samuel A Alito Jr is absent from proceedings, having served on appeals court when it decided case (M)")('2006032', 'Workers preparing to demolish Tunnel Garage in Lower Manhattan find terra-cotta medallion depicting Model T Ford atop building; preservationists hope new owner of garage site will save architectural relic; garage is being torn down to make way for apartment building; history of garage noted; photos (M)')('2006032', 'Diana Senechal letter says teaching for testing rather than offering compelling material is not education (March 26 article); drawing')('2006032', 'New York City Mayor Michael R Bloomberg offers proposals to ease traffic congestion on Staten Island; plan would expand bus service, improve traffic flow, increase frequency of Staten Island Railway service and reactivate railroad freight lines; Bloomberg presents recommendations to Staten Island Transportation Task Force; map (M)')('2006032', 'More than 260 people who know Jack Abramoff write letters to judge praising him and asking that he be spared long prison sentence on federal fraud charges; include Rep Dana Rohrabacher, California Republican, and Steven Groves, counsel to Permanent Committee on Investigations (S)')('2006032', 'Defense Sec Donald H Rumsfeld goes to Shanksville, Pa, site where Flight 93 crashed on Sept 11, 2001, and leaves medallion at base of temporary memorial; medallion is elaborately pressed memento that Rumsfeld hands out to troops he meets in combat zones overseas (S)')('2006032', "New Jersey Gov Jon S Corzine explains his budget spending cut of $169 million on higher education to student demonstrators at Rutgers University; college representatives also worry about state's refusing to pay for $22 million in raises and benefit increases for college employees (M)")('2006032', 'Joe Sharkey On the Road column on decline in loyalty among frequent business fliers, especially ones who maintain elite status levels; offers his take on what will transpire as oil prices continue to climb and choice seats become scarce on airlines; drawing (M)')('2006032', "Judge Rebecca Pallmeyer dismisses two members of jury deliberating in corruption trial of former Illinois Gov George Ryan; hopes to avoid mistrial by replacing two jurors with alternates; dismissals follow revelations in Chicago Tribune that two jurors lied on questionnaires about whether they had criminal records; one of them failed to disclose drunken-driving arrests that led to revocation of his driver's license when Ryan was secretary of state, office responsible for such matters (M)")('2006032', "French transit workers strike as hundreds of thousands of people across country prepare to participate in nationwide protests against new law that would make it easy for companies to fire workers under age 26 during their first two years on job; strikes and protests planned for March 28 represent test of wills, with students and trade unions demanding that law be rescinded and country's embattled prime minister, Dominique de Villepin, insisting that it go into effect, albeit with possible changes; de Villepin makes new offer to meet with student and union leaders to end crisis (M)")('2006032', "Google intensifies lobbying and legislative operations in Washington, where competitors like Yahoo and Microsoft and telecommunication companies have long been active; departure from its noncomformist ethos reflects fact that lawmakers and regulators have begun scrutinizing Google's ventures in China and other countries, while Web surfers have been voicing concern about privacy of their searches; Google hires bipartisan lobbying firm Podesta Mattoon; photo of Claudia James, Democrat, president of firm, and Lauren Maddox, Republican, who is a principal (M)")('2006032', 'Article on mystique surrounding Presidential Suites at luxury hotels, where per-night rates average $10,000; amenities at several hotels described; photos (M)')('2006032', 'Cory Booker emerges as favorite to become mayor of Newark, NJ, now that incumbent Sharpe James has decided not to run; Booker has more than $4 million in campaign cash and Democratic party support; strongest challenger is veteran deputy mayor Ronald R Rice (M)')('2006032', "Photo of men's NCAA tournament Final Four bracketÿ")('2006032', "Texas lawmakers strive to find way to finance schools in face of constitutional limits on local property taxes; state's schools, growing by 80,000 students a year, desperately need more money, but finding that money is nearly impossible because state has no income tax and most local tax rates have reached their constitutional limits; state's Supreme Court ruled in November that school financing system amounted to illegal statewide property tax because districts no longer had discretion in setting their rates; gave state until June 1 to come up with financial plan that would lower taxes to discretionary levels or face end to state financing, which would shut schools; photos (M)")('2006032', 'Rev Timothy Holder of Trinity Episcopal Church in South Bronx celebrates hip-hop Masses to reach out to young people; photo (M)')('2006032', 'Undercover Congressional investigators successfully smuggle into United States enough radioactive material to make two dirty bombs, even after it sets off alarms on radiation detectors at border checkpoints; test demonstrates mixed progress by Department of Homeland Security, among other federal agencies, in trying to prevent terrorists from smuggling radioactive material into United States; photos (M)')('2006032', 'Defense Dept confirms death of another American service member in Iraq, bringing total to 2,316')('2006032', 'Former Raytheon chief executive Daniel Burnham, neither admitting nor denying Securities and Exchange Commission charges of accounting irregularities in 2000 and 2001, agrees to pay fine and return part of $1.75 million bonus; photo (M)')('2006032', "Richard Costabile, owner of Newark, NJ, flooring company, pleads guilty to bribery for doing unpaid work at unidentified school official's home to obtain help in getting school contracts (S)")('2006032', 'Upstate New York Rep Thomas M Reynolds faces challenge from Democrat John R Davis Jr (M)')('2006032', 'Photo of spring training game between Tampa Bay Devil Rays and Boston Red Sox, during which fight broke out')('2006032', 'Pres Bush holds informal off-the-record discussions at White House with groups of reporters from major news organizations; New York Times declines invitation, finding potential benefits to its readers outweighed by prospect of withholding information from them about discussions (S)')('2006032', 'New York Legislature splits over proposals to combat Medicaid fraud; deadlock occurs over whether to allow individuals to file whistle-blower suits over abuses and whether governor will get to choose chief Medicaid enforcement official and how much power to grant official; disagreement affects projected savings in state budget from combating Medicaid fraud (M)')('2006032', 'Dr David Nabarro, United Nations avian flu chief coordinator, describes his concerns about spread of avian influenza and its potential mutation to form that can be transmitted by human to human contact; is oftentimes criticized as alarmist, but insists that speed at which avian flu has spread across continents and its mutation to strains that infect migratory birds and other animals is particularly troubling; suggests that more research is needed to answer open questions about avian influenza and prepare for future outbreaks; photo (M)')('2006032', 'Los Angeles Dodgers defeat New York Mets, 12-3, in spring training exhibition game; photos (M)t')('2006032', 'Half a million people line up in Italy to apply for 170,000 work permits being offered by government to immigrants, prompting two cabinet ministers attached to right-wing Northern League to argue that people waiting in line should be arrested, not welcomed, because their status must be illegal; issue of illegal immigration also surfaces in campaign debate between Prime Min Silvio Berlusconi and his chief opponent, Romano Prodi (M)')('2006032', 'Bert Winthrop letter suggests partition plan in Iraq may have best chance of success (March 26 article)')('2006032', "United States Supreme Court refuses to hear appeal from New York Times, allowing libel suit by former Army bio-terrorism expert Steven J Hatfill to go forward; suit, filed in 2003, accused Nicholas D Kristof, Op-Ed columnist for Times, of implicating Hatfill in unsolved anthrax attacks of 2001; decisions in case to date have been preliminary, centering on whether Kristof's statements could be considered defamatory (S)")('2006032', 'Photo of U.S. Helicopter preparing for first flight from Lower Manhattan to Kennedy International Airport')('2006032', 'Lyn Nofziger, spokesman and strategist for Ronald Reagan, dies at age 81; photo (M)')('2006032', 'Arthur Mumphrey is cleared of rape for which he served 18 years in prison after DNA test indicates that he did not sexually assault victim, 13-year-old seventh grader in Conroe, Tex; his younger brother Charles, who is in jail on unrelated crime, confessed earlier this year to participating in rape; cannot be charged, though, because statute of limitations has expired; photo (M)')('2006032', 'Dimitry Sheinman, who is suspected in 2004 murder of Sarah Fox, is sentenced to three months in jail in separate assault case (M)')('2006032', 'Map shows outbreaks and spread of avian influenza over past three years; predicted path of continued outbreak described; drawings (M)')('2006032', 'Democratic leader of New York State Senate David A Paterson appoints investigative committee to examine assault charges by aide Jennifer Jackson against Sen Ada L Smith of Queens; cites pattern of inappropriate and unprofessional conduct by Smith (S)')('2006032', 'Graceland, mansion in Memphis that Elvis Presley lived and died in, is designated National Historic Landmark; photo (S)')('2006032', 'Stanislaw Lem, Polish science-fiction writer, dies at age 84; photo (M)')('2006032', 'Letter from high school student Samantha Plotner says she opposes narrowing curriculum to spend more time studying for tests (March 26 article)')('2006032', "Confusion reigns over status of Charles G Taylor, onetime warlord who became president of Liberia and who is wanted for war crimes by international court based in Freetown, Sierra Leone, for atrocities affecting Sierra Leone during Liberia's civil war; Liberia's current president, Ellen Johnson Sirleaf, who asked Nigeria on March 17 to extradite Taylor to face trial in Sierra Leone, tells religious leaders in Monrovia that Taylor should be moved directly to Sierra Leone (M)")('2006032', "General Motors chief sales analyst Paul Ballew says heightened competition and soft market for sport utility vehicles would complicate company's recovery this year (S)")('2006032', "New York Giants quarterback Eli Manning will face Indianapolis Colts and quarterback Peyton Manning, Eli's older brother, in NFL's first Sunday night game of season (S)0")('2006032', 'New York Rangers defeat Buffalo Sabres, 5-4, in shootout; photo (M)/')('2006032', 'Jofre Bautista is sentenced to 20 years in prison for raping two teenage girls in Queens (S)')('2006032', 'Photo of Paul Esposito, who lost both legs in fatal 2003 Staten Island ferry crash, entering court to discuss $9 million settlement with New York City')('2006032', 'Hank Dart letter contends US cannot abandon Iraqi people to rampant lawlessness (March 26 article)')('2006032', 'Two men are killed when their stolen car crashes into bus in Newark, NJ (S)')('2006032', 'Arab foreign ministers gathered in Khartoum, Sudan, to prepare for summit meeting agree on proposal to increase their diplomatic presence in Iraq; appear to be less concerned about pleasing United States than staving off growing influence of Iran (M)')('2006032', "Photo of New York Rangers' win over Buffalo Sabrese")('2006032', 'Jon Lasser letter says plan to eliminate history and science to give more time to math and reading reflects tunnel vision of American education and robs children of rich and diverse curriculum (March 26 article)')('2006032', 'Emily Alice Katz letter, prompted by March 23 article about trend toward full beards among stylish men, contends fashion world is much harder on women')('2006032', "Boarded-up bakery in Seattle's Central area will soon be demolished to make room for housing and shops, and some people are worried about what will become of giant neon Wonder Bread sign perched above it; San Diego company that is developing 1.6-acre property says sign will be donated to nearby Pratt Institute of Fine Arts, but there is concern that Pratt will auction it off piecemeal to wealthy collectors; photos (M)")('2006032', 'Memo Pad column; Singapore Airlines, which plans to begin first commercial service of Airbus A380 in December, will unveil cabin design in September; Airbus says it managed to get 873 passengers and about 20 percent of crew off new jet within 90 seconds during required passenger evacuation test; Travel Industry Assn of America reports business and leisure travelers are making earlier-than-usual summer domestic travel plans (M)')('2006032', 'David Hill letter agrees that most Americans do not hold with isolationism, but also do not want US to lead in ways that rest of world declines to follow (March 24 Andrew Kohut Op-Ed article)')('2006032', 'Letter from Gene I Maeroff, senior fellow at Columbia University teachers college, says his field research shows that teaching of reading skills is not superseding other learning (March 26 article)')('2006032', 'US Helicopter begins shuttle service between Lower Manhattan and Kennedy International Airport; service includes security screening at Manhattan heliport, allowing passengers to skip security lines on arrival at American Airlines terminal; price is $139 each way (M)')('2006032', "Afghan justice minister says Abdul Rahman, who faced death penalty for abandoning Islam and converting to Christianity, has been released from jail to his family; UN Assistance Mission in Afghanistan say Rahman has asked for asylum outside Afghanistan; Islamic preachers used prayer services to call for Rahman's execution (M)")('2006032', "Bush administration notifies hundreds of thousands of Medicare beneficiaries that they are listed on rolls of two prescription drug plans and will soon be dropped from one; they will retain coverage under the other plan; notices, being sent out on green paper, are supposed to clear up confusion resulting from errors and discrepancies in enrollment records of Medicare's new prescripion drug program (M)")('2006032', 'Sean Naylor reviews book Cobra II: The Inside Story of the Invasion and Occupation of Iraq by Michael R Gordon and Gen Bernard E Trainor; photos (M)/')('2006032', "Antonio Palocci resigns as Brazil's finance minister in face of long and politically damaging impeachment trial; corruption scandal has debilitated Pres Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva and his government for nearly year; da Silva appoints Guido Mantegna, former planning minister and president of national development bank, as Palocci's replacement (M)")('2006032', "Federal Judge Ellen Bree Burns rules that Connecticut's Southbury Training School, which serves 554 mentally retarded adults, can be released from supervision by monitor; says school has become model of institutional care; school has been under federal oversight since 1986 because of flagrantly poor medical and psychological care; school, which opened in 1940, is state's only institutional home for mentally retarded adults (M)")('2006032', 'Edward J Rollins will not resign as senior adviser to New York Republican senatorial hopeful Kathleen Troia McFarland; says he was pressured to resign over feud with state party chairman Stephen J Minarik III (M)')('2006032', 'NBA Development League teams are giving some NBA prospects chance to grow--and play--as D-League becomes more farm system than reserve pool; photos (M)')('2006032', 'NFL will hire search firm to interview NFL owners about qualities they seek in new commissioner (M)(')('2006032', 'Sinkhole develops on Brooklyn street, causing traffic and subway disruptions; photos; map (M)')('2006032', 'Stuart Elliott Advertising column assesses new set of turnaround plans put forward by Interpublic Group of Cos aimed at stemming losses of revenue, clients and profits (M)')('2006032', 'Letter from teacher Sally K Chrisman says skilled teachers should include variety of subjects in reading curriculum (March 26 article)')('2006032', "Thomas Galpine testifies at murder trial of Louis J Eppolito and Stephen Caracappa; bolsters testimony of prosecution witness Burton Kaplan, who has said that defendants were hired killers for Luchese crime family; Galpine says some money from his and Kaplan's crimes went to Eppolito (M)")('2006032', 'Tokyopop, publisher of Japanese-style comic books known as manga, reverses course and gives distribution rights to HarperCollins Publishers; two announce joint publishing arrangement to create new line of manga titles based on books of HarperCollins authors, beginning with Meg Cabot, creator of Princess Diaries series; photo (M)')('2006032', 'Nickelodeon show The Wonder Pets chronicles lives of classroom pets, who respond to calls for help from animals who find themselves bedeviled by world around them; show was created by Josh Selig and uses photo-puppetry animation and music to tell stories; photos (M)')('2006032', 'Seattle police say that Aaron Kyle Huff, 28-year-old gunman who killed six young people at Seattle house party before turning gun on himself, had more than 300 rounds of ammunition; have no idea what motivated Huff (M)')('2006032', "North Carolina University women's basketballe")('2006032', "People keep calling me a crusader, and they mean it as a compliment. The latest comes from the Dallas Morning News editors: http://dallasmorningviews.beloblog.com/archives/2006/03/kristof_crusade.html The problem is, I flinch at that word. I don't see myself as a crusader, and to me the word is a bit at odds with journalism. I think of a crusader [...]")('2006032', "It's often the final question a friend will ask me about a restaurant he or she is considering, and it's often the decisive one.")('2006032', "I had an excellent morning, and I'm still feeling the effects of it as I write this at 2200. The sun vaulted off the edge of the earth with a stunning light, mingling with the cool breeze that's been swirling around for the last few days, and whipping the American and Iraqi flags that fly [...]")('2006032', "T-Mobile's Personal Coverage Check shows the signal strength you can expect, even if it isn't very good.")('2006032', "So much for the wisdom of antitrust lawyers and unnamed sources. After The Wall Street Journal, Reuters, Bloomberg News and The Associated Press all reported that federal regulators were likely to challenge Whirlpool's proposed purchase of Maytag, antitrust watchdogs at the Department of Justice have waved through the $1.79 billion deal. The regulators said on [...]")('2006032', 'Readers respond to Thomas Friedman\'s March 29 column, "Facts and Folly" Victoria Crawford, Katy, Tex.: I\'ve read with interest your columns about America\'s investment in education and the need to invest in it more and more wisely. I would love to see you address the current state of gifted education in the world of No [...]')('2006032', 'With apologies to "The Graduate," we have one word for you: ports. First there was Dubai Ports World\'s $6.8 billion takeover of British ports operator Peninsular & Oriental Steam Navigation. Now, despite the national security flap that ensued from the P&O deal, there is a Goldman Sachs-led private equity consortium hovering over Associated British Ports, [...]')('2006032', "Cory Booker (Associated Press) Being on board with Cory Booker these days is apparently as comforting as a glass of port on a spring day. Two days ago, incumbent Council Member Hector Corchado abandoned the cause of Mayor Sharpe James to endorse Mr. Booker for mayor. This morning, Mr. Corchado's challenger, Anibal Ramos Jr., held [...]")('2006032', 'Is Cory Booker reconsidering his support for public school vouchers? His position on the issue - that students in underperforming public schools should be given tuition vouchers to be used in private institutions - made him the darling of prominent conservatives like George Will and Jack Kemp in 2002, but also became a central basis [...]')('2006032', "In this lesson, students learn about the nationwide protest in France on March 28, 2006, led by students and unions against the government's labor laws targeting youth. They then research student-led protests that have occurred around the world over the past fifty years and role-play the positions of student protesters, reporters, and government officials during those given time periods.")('2006032', 'Hedge funds in the United States have already warmed to the movie-making industry - witness Dune Capital, the Soros Fund spinoff that plans to invest $325 million in Fox releases - and now the fad has travelled overseas. Writer-director Gregory Mackenzie and Brett Walsh, a former Morgan Stanley analyst, have formed a fund to back [...]')('2006032', 'A fierce debate is being waged in opinionland over the merits of "The Israel Lobby," a working paper by John Mearsheimer, a University of Chicago political scientist, and Stephen Walt, a Harvard government professor. Last week, the paper was published in the London Review of Books. Max Boot of the Los Angeles Times is the [...]')('2006032', "It may be a small deal, but it contains a lot of history of the (still relatively young) Internet era. JupiterResearch, whose predictions were a ubiquitous part of the late 1990's technology boom, has been sold for $10.1 million in cash to a publicly traded investment vehicle. Like much from the tech boom, the firm's [...]")('2006032', "Wilbur Ross' auto-parts rollup is gathering steam. Lear, which sells car seats and steering wheels to the world's biggest automakers, said Wednesday it had agreed to trade its faltering European interiors business for a 34 percent stake in International Automotive Components Group. IAC is Lear's joint venture with Mr. Ross' investment firm, WL Ross & [...]")('2006032', 'It\'s not 1994, it\'s 1946! In an online Q&A with Time magazine, Newt Gingrich recently suggested a new slogan for the 2006 Congressional Democrats: "Had Enough?" Former Philadelphia Inquirer political reporter Dick Polman, writing on his personal blog, notes that the phrase has some history behind it: "\'Had Enough?\' was the winning slogan for Republicans [...]')('2006032', "A morose, quiet mood prevailed at City Hall and around Newark yesterday, one day after Mayor Sharpe James' announced departure. Many of the people interviewed by The Times, who had been hired by Mr. James to work for the city and were active in his campaigns, refused to be quoted on the record discussing the [...]")('2006032', "If you were thinking of buying a nearly $4 billion-in-sales consumer healthcare business, it is time to speak up. First-round bids are due on Wednesday for Pfizer's collection of over-the-counter products, an array of household brands that includes Listerine, Benadryl, Rogaine and Zantac. Although some investors see the unit as extraneous to Pfizer's core pharmaceuticals [...]")('2006032', "Exxon Mobil's interest in BG Group has not waned, according to traders, who feel BG's interests in Kazakhstan is what Exxon is keen on acquiring. The talk is that Exxon will attempt a knockout bid valuing the company at 900 pence a share, or about 31.6 billion pounds. Go to Article from The Independent » [...]")('2006032', "The political death of Mayor Sharpe James has been greatly exaggerated, according to his son, John James, a South Ward council candidate. Caught outside his father's office yesterday afternoon, Mr. James - a national guardsman who is listed as J. Sharpe James on the ballot - said that his father should not be counted out [...]")('2006032', 'McClatchy on Tuesday accepted offers for 12 newspapers that it does not want to keep after its $4.5 billion takeover of fellow publisher Knight Ridder, kicking off an auction that could last several months. Go to Related Article from The San Francisco Chronicle » Go to Related Article from The San Jose Mercury News »')('2006032', "Citigroup's Chris Fitzmaurice, who helped Salomon Brothers recover from its 1991 Treasury trading scandal and rose to run the United States government bond desk, is retiring after 22 years with the bank and its predecessors. Go to Article from Bloomberg News »")('2006032', "NEC said Tuesday that it would spin off its Internet service provider unit, Biglobe, as a separate company as part of the Japanese electronics maker's plans to revive sagging profits. The operations will be spun off as a wholly owned subsidiary on July 1, but over the course of the month, new shares worth a [...]")('2006032', 'Seattle Genetics plans to sell 7.3 million shares in a follow-on stock offering, it said Tuesday after the markets closed. Additionally, the company plans to sell 1.1 million shares in a private placement to investment funds affiliated with Baker Brothers Investments at a share price equal to that paid by investors in the public share [...]')('2006032', 'I4 Commerce has raised $27.4 million in its latest round of funding to convince more retailers to support its "buy now, pay later" platform for consumers. The alternative payment technology provider raised its fourth round of capital from an investment group led by New York-based hedge fund Kingdon Capital. Go to Article from VentureWire Professional [...]')('2006032', 'Intel Capital, the venture arm of chipmaker Intel, has created a venture fund that will invest $50 million in Brazilian start-ups, the latest step in an effort to expand its business in emerging nations. The fund will invest in a variety of companies but pay particular attention to start-ups focusing on wireless technologies such as [...]')('2006032', 'TA Associates , which just closed on two funds, has a new sales pitch for its limited partners. The firm wants its investors to do business with its newest portfolio company, eSecLending, which it has just purchased from Britain-based financial services concern Old Mutual. Go to Article from LBO Wire »')('2006032', 'Famed supermarket investor Ron Burkle appears to have wooed Wild Oats Market in his bid to raise his ownership stake in the company. Burkle, through his hedge fund, Yucaipa, increased his stake in the organic foods chain to 15 percent, and the company amended its shareholder rights agreement to allow him to buy up to [...]')('2006032', "What's your sign? If you are a Virgo, we've got some good news for you. Turns out, more members of the Forbes billionaires list share your zodiac sign than any other. That was the magazine's finding after trolling through all the birth dates they have collected on the world's wealthiest. Go to Article from Forbes [...]")('2006032', 'LNK Partners, a buyout firm that plans to specialize in consumer retail investments, has closed its debut fund at $400 million, well ahead of the $275 million cap originally set on the fund. Go to Article from LBO Wire »')('2006032', "General Motors is reeling and Rick Wagoner, its chairman and chief executive, is under pressure to save the company as well as his job. Whether he can do either is far from certain. G.M.'s shaky financial situation has put Mr. Wagoner in a harsh spotlight and woken up G.M.'s board, with its newest member, Jerome [...]")('2006032', 'After more than eight weeks and 22 witnesses, the government rested its case on Tuesday against two former Enron chief executives, Jeffrey K. Skilling and Kenneth L. Lay, setting the stage for the defense to begin its bid to keep them out of prison. Go to Article from The New York Times » Go to [...]')('2006032', 'Lawyers for Biovail Corp. shareholders said Tuesday they have launched a $4 billion lawsuit against Bank of America Securities, hedge fund S.A.C. Capital Management LLC, and others for allegedly spreading false information in a "short-selling bear attack" on the Canadian drug company. The move comes after Biovail itself launched a $4.6-billion lawsuit Feb. 22 against [...]')('2006032', "A Moscow court appointed a bankruptcy administrator on Tuesday for Yukos, once Russia's largest private oil company, pushing it closer to insolvency and the probable nationalization of its remaining assets. Go to Article from The New York Times »")('2006032', "Intel is confident the way it runs its business is legal, the company's chairman said on Tuesday, commenting on an antitrust investigation by the European Commission. Go to Article from Reuters »")('2006032', 'Temasek HoldingsStandard Chartered or other banks it has bought stakes in, an executive said. Go to Article from Bloomberg News »')('2006032', "Cablevision's big dividend is moving forward. Three weeks after reviving plans for a $3 billion payout, the Bethpage, N.Y., cable TV operator has tentatively settled a lawsuit that sought to block the company's plans. The settlement requires court approval, but in the meantime the board has asked two independent directors to consider a special one-time [...]")('2006032', "Avadis Tevanian, former head of Apple Computer's software business, is leaving the company after nearly a decade to pursue other interests, the company said Tuesday. Go to Article from The New York Times »")('2006032', "The European Union's internal market commissioner said Tuesday that he would propose legal action against Spain for rushing through regulations that would allow its authorities to block a proposed €29.1 billion takeover of the Spanish utility Endesa by E.ON of Germany. The commissioner, Charlie McCreevy, said the Spanish government's response to the European Commission's concerns [...]")('2006032', "Henry C. Yuen, former chief executive of Gemstar-TV Guide International, should pay $60.9 million for presiding over an accounting fraud at the company, the Securities and Exchange Commission says in a court filing. The agency's proposed fine includes a $15.7 million civil penalty, which would be the largest S.E.C. fine ever for an individual in [...]")('2006032', "The lawsuit that nearly shut down the country's BlackBerry e-mail devices vaulted the normally obscure issue of patents into the national spotlight this winter. But for all the attention that battle received, it pales in significance to a similar case - entitled eBay v. MercExchange – that will be argued at the U.S. Supreme Court [...]")('2006032', 'Grupo Ferrovial has appointed Macquarie Bank as a joint financial adviser to its consortium which is bidding for British airports operator BAA. The appointment means Macquarie has effectively ruled itself out as a rival bidder for BAA. Ferrovial has also agreed to give Macquarie options to buy its stakes in Sydney and Bristol airports if [...]')('2006032', 'The Vienna public prosecutor issued arrest warrants Tuesday for Phillip Bennett, the former head of the commodities and futures brokerage firm Refco, and the son of a former president of the bank that loaned Bennett hundreds of millions of dollars. Go to Article from The International Herald Tribune » Go to Article from The New [...]')('2006032', "Linden Lab's online virtual world Second Life just grabbed an $11 million round of funding from investors including Amazon founder and CEO Jeffrey P. Bezos. But what's the financial appeal to investors? For one, they want to find some way to ride the boom in online games, but without the Hollywood-size cost. Go to Article [...]")('2006032', "The national Cochran Firm, a plaintiffs firm founded by the late Johnnie Cochran Jr. that started a Miami outpost in 2004, is merging with a Miami plaintiffs firm and increasing its south Florida presence. The firm's downtown Miami office announced Tuesday that it will combine with Miami firm Leeds Colby Paris Spence Hoffman & Valori, [...]")('2006032', "Yale University helped Christopher Hohn build one of Europe's most successful and activist hedge funds. Now, Yale's $500 million investment and Hohn's firm are parting company, according to The Washington Post. It is a split between a premier institutional investor in the burgeoning hedge-fund industry and a hedge-fund manager who has made returns most investors [...]")('2006032', "The venture capital consortium stalking ITV is planning to present a revised offer – with a cash alternative – to the broadcaster's board for approval before the weekend, The Times of London reported. The Apax, Goldman Sachs and Blackstone group is preparing to stitch together a new deal, which requires a further 1.3 billion pounds [...]")('2006032', "Yahoo Japan Corporation, the country's most visited Web portal, said on Wednesday that it was in talks about a possible alliance with Japan Net Bank, an online bank controlled by the Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation. Sumitomo Mitsui and Yahoo Japan will create a venture that will buy Sumitomo Mitsui's 57 percent stake in Japan Net. [...]")('2006032', "With Wall Street earnings soaring in 2005, by year's end Goldman Sachs, Merrill Lynch, Lehman Brothers, Bear Stearns, Morgan Stanley, Citigroup and J.P. Morgan each saw their stock climb about the same amount they increased their C.E.O.s' pay: 25 percent on average. And it looks like 2006, at least from the earnings front, is starting [...]")('2006032', "Softbank is seeking a one-year loan from about 11 banks to help fund its 1.8 trillion yen ($15.3 billion) purchase of Vodafone Group's Japanese mobile-phone unit, bankers involved in the transaction said. Softbank, Japan's second-largest Internet access provider, may borrow as much as 1.2 trillion yen, the bankers said, asking not to be identified before [...]")('2006032', "Shares of Lexar Media slid Tuesday, as the possibility of a higher price for the sale of the flash-memory product maker diminished. Earlier this month, Micron Technology agreed to acquire Lexar in an all-stock deal that valued Lexar at $690 million, a premium of about 19 percent to its stock price at the time. Lexar's [...]")('2006032', "Investors pounced on Hispanic television giant Univision on Tuesday amid rumors that CBS chief Leslie Moonves is searching for a partner to make an offer for the network after claiming earlier that he was an unlikely bidder. Moonves just a month ago said he wasn't interested in bidding on Univision due to possible regulatory hurdles [...]")('2006032', 'Last night, Michael Eisner, the former chief executive of the Walt Disney Company, returned to television with his new CNBC show, "Conversations with Michael Eisner." We here at DealBook were a bit unsure what to think: at times, he came across as an unwatchable pompous chief executive, but at other times we were impressed that [...]')('2006032', 'If they pull off the trans-Atlantic merger they are discussing, Alcatel and Lucent Technologies will have many integration challenges ahead of them. There are potential issues related to national security, customer base and corporate cultures, just to name a few. Here is one more: Is France, where Alcatel is based, ready for a female leader [...]')('2006032', "Medieval fantasy epic video game The Elder Scrolls IV: Oblivion taps into market of men and women in their 20's and 30's who grew up playing such games; since its release for PC's and Xbox 360, game has sold out in stores across country; games where single player navigates fantasy world have grown rare as fantasy games now include hundreds of players synched up over Internet, but The Elder Scrolls IV: Oblivion is providing competition to that format and place for players to enjoy video games solo; photos (M)")('2006032', 'Indy Racing League driver Danica Patrick discusses death of teammate Paul Dana, who died during practice race crash; photo (M)')('2006032', 'List of some upcoming foreign trips spnosored by American museums; photos (special section, Museums) (M)')('2006032', 'Nanny Gracelyn Niles is hit by truck while trying to save one-year-old Nicholas Brodie from choking in Manhattan; both are hospitalized; police help revive baby; photo (M)')('2006032', 'New York gubernatorial candidate William F Weld favors eliminating state income tax for people making less than $75,000 a year; is vague about how to pay for $6.9 billion in lost revenue; Republican primary rival John Faso criticizes idea, saying that numbers do not add up; photo (M)')('2006032', "Getty Museum's renovated Getty Villa doubles space for conservation; work there described; photos (special section, Museums) (M)")('2006032', "South Carolina University defeats Louisville University, 78-63, in men's National Invitation Tournament semifinals; Michigan University defeats Old Dominion University, 66-43 (M)")('2006032', "R W Apple explores taste of mutton, strong flavored meat which has experienced resurgence in British cuisine after Charles, Prince of Wales, recently declared mutton to be his favorite dish; mutton, which is meat from sheep that are at least 2 years old, is popular in many countries around world, but not commonplace in United States; visit to Jamie Nicholl's Summerfield Farm (VA), which supplies beef, lamb and veal to chefs across America, described; photos (M)")('2006032', 'Frank Bruni reviews new Spanish restaurant Urena on East 28th Street in Manhattan; photo (M)')('2006032', 'Jancis Robinson, author of The Oxford Companion to Wine, letter on March 22 article about wine critic Robert Parker holds that article fails to recognize that reviewing wine is different than reviewing other wine critics (S)')('2006032', "Margaux O'Nolan letter on March 22 article about wine critic Robert Parker says she does not pay attention to his wine reviews")('2006032', "Photo of South Carolina University men's basketball team win against Louisville University to advance to National Invitation Tournament final")('2006032', "University of Alaska Museum of the North to open in Fairbanks after $42-million expansion that is part of cultural and economic renaissance in state's second-largest city; director Aldona Jonaitis recalls moving to state from her native New York, and planning museum that would tell story of Great North and its diverse people; building's iceberg-inspired design described; photos (special section, Museums) (M)")('2006032', "Judy Brewton letter says it is depressing to see March 27 photo of Pres Bush and Prime Min Tony Blair together after release of British government memo describing Pres Bush's determination to go to war in Iraq")('2006032', 'David Bouley, chef and owner of Bouley and Danube, opens test kitchen for cooking classes and events in New York City; photo (S)')('2006032', "Transportation Department is set to announce fuel economy standard for sport utility vehicles, vans and pickup trucks that for first time will cover vehicles above 8,500 pounds and will differ in how it categorizes vehicles; rule is to be structured without categories, which would force manufacturers to make all vehicles in light-truck sector more efficient and build small SUV's and trucks (M)")('2006032', 'Jersey City police change strategy to deal with increase in crime that includes increased foot and bicycle patrols and more surveillance cameras throughout city; also use computer tracking system to better understand crime patterns and give more information to beat officers; will add 46 new recruits (S)')('2006032', "Pres Vicente Fox of Mexico says that his government will begin suspending trials against suspected drug traffickers wanted in United States and extradite them for prosecution in American courts; Fox's comments appear to be goodwill gesture before he meets with Pres Bush and would mark significant shift in fight against drug trade in Mexico, where leaders have resisted extradition as infringement of sovereignty (M)")('2006032', 'Exploratorium science museum in San Francisco has since 1996 provided online coverage of science events, including six eclipses, scientific expeditions to Antarctica and rain forests and multimedia events; photo; site and physical museum, which was founded in 1969 by physicist Frank Oppenheimer, have been pioneers in designing hands-on exhibitions (special section, Museums) (M)')('2006032', "More than one million members of France's major trade unions protest new youth labor law, showing renewed spirit of unity; only 8 percent of French work force are unionized, but unions have great leverage over government; their mobilizations have killed efforts to change France's costly social welfare system and shaped workers' paradise of entitlements (M)")('2006032', "Several writers explore intersection between their books and art, inspired by Matisse textile exhibit that grew out of Hilary Spurling's prize-winning biography of artist; Tom Wolfe, Calvin Tompkins, Francine Prose, Tracy Chevalier and Spurling offer suggestions for shows related in some way to their writing; photos (special section, Museums) (M)")('2006032', 'Correction: March 28 article about efforts by Texas to revamp its school financing system misstated name of law firm that opposes aspect of proposal')('2006032', 'Florence Fabricant discusses ideas for ready-to-eat food for Passover; photo (M)')('2006032', 'Photo of children playing in Mongbwalu in eastern Congo')('2006032', 'New York Jets coach Eric Mangini prepares for first season (M)')('2006032', 'New York Knicks prepare to face Boston Celtics (M)')('2006032', "China's foreign exchange reserves reportedly hit $853.7 billion in February (S)")('2006032', 'Hops, green conelike flowers used in brewing beer, are being utilized in new and more expansive ways by craft breweries and others in business of making beer; hops variations were originally developed for large breweries as way to reduce production costs and keep product quality high; variations are now used to create intense bitter flavors like in Sierra Nevada Brewing Company Pale Ale, which was one of first on market to use various hops; photo (M)')('2006032', 'Correction:March 21 article about ruin in Peru misidentified decade in which two archaeologists authenticated its walls as ancient')('2006032', 'Thomas Geoghegan reviews book The Disposable American: Layoffs and Their Consequences by Louis Uchitelle; photo (M)')('2006032', "Mayor Michael R Bloomberg of New York tells House Judiciary Comm that firearms bill is 'God-awful piece of legislation' that would cripple city's ability to combat gun trafficking and result in deaths of innocent people; bill would prohibit disclosure of any records from national gun-trace database in civil lawsuits and allow release of records in 'bona fide criminal investigations or prosecutions'; Rep Tom Feeney says ATF bureau already has rigid zero-tolerance policy toward dealers who violate terms of their licenses (M)")('2006032', 'Letter from Karen and Stephen Dean says as parents of adopted girl from China, they cringed to read that such adoptions are seen as part of fashionable trend (March 23 article)')('2006032', 'Alfredo Silipigni, conductor who founded opera company, dies at age 74 (M)')('2006032', 'Peter A Sullivan letter says March 22 editorial raises valid criticisms but overstates case against US patent system')('2006032', 'New York Giants new players Sam Madison, Will Demps, R W McQuarters, Jason Bell and Quentin Harris join each other for conditioning program to bond offseason; photo (M)')('2006032', 'Peter Meehan $25 and Under column reviews Zucco Le French Diner on Lower East Side, Manhattan; photo (M)')('2006032', 'Justice Department, after more than eight weeks and 22 witnesses, rests case against former Enron chief executives Jeffrey Skilling and Kenneth Lay; chooses not to present evidence on some criminal charges, which Federal District Judge Simeon Lake has dismissed; photo (M)')('2006032', 'Michael S Berg, whose son Nick Berg was slain in Iraq, is running on Green ticket in Delaware Congressional race, attempting to unseat seven-term Republican Michael N Castle; Berg admits he faces uphill battle, but says he has found receptive audience to his call for immediate withdrawal of all American forces from Iraq; photo (M)')('2006032', 'General Motors lays off several hundred white-collar workers, latest move in restructuring plan; United Auto Workers vice president Richard Shoemaker, addressing union leaders in Detroit, says he expects auto parts supplier Delphi to ask bankruptcy judge to throw out its labor contracts; move would raise likelihood of strike at Delphi, which could cripple production at GM; photo (M)')('2006032', 'Correction: March 27 picture caption about rallies in support of immigrants referred incorrectly to demonstrators in Los Angeles')('2006032', 'Philadelphia Phillies defeat New York Yankees, 3-0, in spring training exhibition game; photo (M)')('2006032', "Alex Witchel article describes experience eating at Cafe Gray in New York City; chef Gray Kunz's recipe for halibut and potatoes given; drawing; recipe (M)")('2006032', 'Barnes Foundation will receive $25 million grant from State of Pennsylvania for move from suburban Merion to new museum in downtown Philadelphia; photo (S)')('2006032', "Sampling of children's art programs at New York City museums; photo (special section, Museums) (S)")('2006032', 'Article on still relatively rare but increasing instances of retailers who are purchasing their own retail space, either as condominiums or co-ops; Real Capital Analytics reports $1.2 billion worth of retail condos across country were sold in 2004 and 2005 combined, compared with $120.8 million in 2002 and 2003; average sales price rose from $441 per square foot to $995; photos (M)')('2006032', 'Government Accountability Office, in draft report to Congress, estimates that incentives for oil and gas companies that drill in Gulf of Mexico will cost government at least $20 billion over next 25 years; warns that $80 billion in revenue could be lost over same period if oil and gas companies win new lawsuit that seeks further reduction in their royalty payments (M)')('2006032', 'New York Mets name Brian Bannister as fifth starting pitcher, and move Aaron Heilman to bullpen; photo (M)')('2006032', 'Mortgage banker and several Yemeni men are charged with running unlicensed money transfer business in Brooklyn that smuggled more than $5 million a year to Yemen; Neil S Kramer, lawyer, and four Yemeni men are also charged with loan sharking scheme; United States Magistrate Judge Joan M Azrack frees all but Hamood Zokari on bail (S)')('2006032', "Correction: March 27 article about McClatchy Company's offer of 12 Knight Ridder newspapers for sale misidentified publication that named one potential buyer")('2006032', 'Ira Berkow comment on plan of action for viewing art amid crowds of blockbuster shows; photo (special section, Museums) (M)')('2006032', 'Secret Service arrests seven people in Florida, New York, Illinois, Pennsylvania, California and Washington, DC, as part of continuing crackdown on online forums where credit card data and other stolen consumer information is traded; no names are released but some of those arrested have been linked to compromise of hundreds of thousands of debit card numbers and personal identification numbers (M)')('2006032', 'Arts, Briefly; Doris Kearns Goodwin Wins $50,000 Prize**Doris Kearns Goodwin is named American history laureate by New-York Historical Society and will be presented with $50,000 Book Prize for American History for book Team of Rivals: The Political Genius of Abraham Lincoln; photo (S)')('2006032', 'Federal officials tell immigrant advocates in letter that government immigration agents will stop using undercover sting operations involving health and safety programs to capture illegal immigrants; operation caused protest in July when federal agents arrested 48 workers on illegal immigration charges after tricking them into attending so-called mandatory training session sponsored by Occupational Safety and Health Adm (M)')('2006032', 'New York City police officer Brandon Colon is charged with drunk driving after fatally striking Julio Alberto Ortega-Moncada on Queensboro Bridge; officer was off-duty at time (S)')('2006032', 'Museums in New Orleans struggle to operate in face of damage from Hurricane Katrina and loss of visitors and financing; updates on several institutions; photos (special section, Museums) (M)')('2006032', 'Moscow Arbitration Court appoints bankruptcy administrator for Yukos, pushing oil company closer to insolvency and probable nationalization of remaining assets; analysts say ruling is unlikely to unnerve investors (M)')('2006032', 'Mark Bittman Minimalist column gives easy recipe for salmon in yogurt-curry sauce; recipe (M)')('2006032', 'Morton Wachspress letter, prompted by March 27 article on secret British government memo, says once again memo surfaces that suggests Pres Bush was set on Iraq war although evidence supporting his reasons was lacking')('2006032', "CNN news anchor Lou Dobbs has emerged as central figure on immigration policy; his advocacy approach on immigration debate has received attention from viewers and politicians alike; CNN denies that Dobbs's soaring profile on immigration issue, and increased ratings that have come with it, will guide network toward adding more opinions on news programs; photo (M)")('2006032', 'Correction: March 20 article about third anniversary of Iraq war underestimated magnitude of antiwar protests held in cities around country')('2006032', "Mayor Sharpe James of Newark, who announced he will not seek another term, continues business as usual, while many of those in his administration or working in patronage jobs he arranged start looking ahead; State Sen Ronald L Rice declares candidacy and will probably face off against former candidate Cory Booker; both are wooing James's supporters, especially city's roughly 4,000 public workers; photos (M)")('2006032', 'Some New York City Council members question Yankees baseball team officials about planned $800-million stadium for Bronx; criticize team for not doing more to help community surrounding stadium, one of poorest in nation (S)')('2006032', 'Sampling of some cafes and restaurants in American museums (special section, Museums) (M)')('2006032', 'New York Red Bulls trade midfielder Eddie Gaven and rights to Chris Leitch to Columbus Crew for Edson Buddle (M)')('2006032', 'Museum shops, major source of income for institutions, are also subject of emotional debate over outsourcing of retail operations to maximize profits; critics see eroding of convergence between institutional mission and distinctive products that make shops so interesting; individual vendors and craftspeople say they are often dropped by management companies that prefer low-cost overseas suppliers; photos (special section, Museums) (M)')('2006032', 'Bruce J Bloom letter, prompted by March 27 article on vague law and shrewd lobbying that swell profits for oil industry, says yet again it is well-connected oil interests that are profiting from US resources')('2006032', 'Senate lawmakers prepare for days of contentious debate on two immigration proposals; plan by Sen Bill Frist is for tougher border controls and stricter law enforcement; bipartisan plan allows illegal immigrants to qualify for citizenship; lawmakers say final measure will probably differ with both proposals and will probably differ sharply with House-approved plan for tough border security (M)')('2006032', 'Dr Jessica R Jacob letter says instead of complaining about boredom of bed rest, Sarah Bilston (March 24 Op-Ed) should be thankful that bed rest gave her opportunity to protect her baby; drawing')('2006032', "Rubin Museum in Manhattan turns its cafe into K2 Lounge on Friday nights, hoping that young people who come to socialize at bar will return to explore museum's Himalayan collection; photos (special section, Museums) (M)")('2006032', 'Restaurant openings and closings around New York City noted; photo (M)')('2006032', 'Photo of residents huddling under blankets after escaping fire at building in Crown Heights, Brooklyn')('2006032', "New Jersey Nets' ability to adjust to style of other teams has helped them to 41-28 record (M)")('2006032', 'World Trade Center Memorial Web cam to begin recording photos of progress at ground zero; Lower Manhattan Development Corp says that it is starting now because activity has recently begun on memorial and at other buildings at site; Project Rebirth, nonprofit corporation, has recorded site since 2002; photo (M)')('2006032', 'Tenafly, NJ, Councilman Jeffrey Romano is charged with drug possession after narcotics investigators find envelopes of heroin in his car (S)')('2006032', 'Exhibition of drawings by Michelangelo at British Museum features 90 of 600 surviving drawings and sketches and connects them to his life and way he worked over six-decade career; exhibition is garnering praise from British art critics; photos (M)')('2006032', 'Local government workers strike across Britain in one-day strike over reductions in pension benefits; unions say walkout involves million people, but Local Government Association says number is far less (M)')('2006032', 'Tanoreen, small Bay Ridge restaurant owned by Rawia Bishara, serves traditional Palestinian food prepared in old style of her native Nazareth; spices imported from Nazareth discussed; recipe for vegetarian musaqa given; photo (M)')('2006032', 'Atul M Karnik letter, prompted by Thomas L Friedman March 24 Op-Ed on universal concern over education, says he believes Indian tradition of education, based on respect and culture, must change to allow students to question their teachers')('2006032', 'Commissioning of art works by museums which sell them in multiples discussed; photos (special section, Museums) (M)')('2006032', 'Correction: March 25 article on Masuda Sultan, Afghan-American writer who has published memoir, referred incorrectly to her book editor')('2006032', 'Teenager Lucila Ventura, mildly retarded immigrant from El Salvador, admits to trying to kill her newborn son by throwing him out window in 2003; also pleads guilty to reckless manslaughter in death of baby girl that her father, Jose Julio Ventura, threw into air shaft at their apartment in Jersey City in 2005; father is accused of sexually abusing her; DNA tests show he fathered both her children (S)')('2006032', 'European Union and United States consider personal sanctions against more than 40 officials in Belarus for their roles in election rigging and crackdowns on civil liberty; list of officials under consideration includes Pres Aleksandr G Lukashenko and reflects work of diplomats in Minsk during crackdowns against peaceful protesters after elections; sanctions would possibly include travel bans and freezing of assets; photo (M)')('2006032', "S D Hull letter questions A C Grayling's example of British colonial experience as strategy for Iraq (March 27 Op-Ed article)")('2006032', "States are negotiating with nation's largest tobacco companies over more than $1 billion of $6.5 billion payment companies are legally bound to make to states by mid-April; companies are arguing that states did not enforce statutes that require companies not participating in agreement to create escrow accounts to cover losses in any future litigation that might involve them (M)")('2006032', 'Defense lawyers attempt to limit damage Zacarias Moussaoui inflicted on himself with testimony in which he agreed to charges against him in Sept 11 terrorist plot; lawyers present accounts of captured Al Qaeda officials who say Moussaoui was unstable colleague who was not part of hijacking plot; in order to warrant death penalty, prosecutors must prove that Moussaoui was responsible for deaths on Sept 11 (M)')('2006032', 'Judge Richard Owen of Federal District Court says that New York City rules that require tow truck operators driving in city to obtain city medallion are infringement on interstate commerce; suit was filed by AAA New York after city began stopping medallioned trucks from outside city (S)')('2006032', 'Astor Wines & Spirits opens new store just south of where original store is located; new location is 50 percent larger than original and has been reorganized to make it more user friendly; photo (M)')('2006032', 'Television producer and director Dan Curtis dies at age 78; photo (M)')('2006032', 'Proposed German citizenship test echoes immigration debate across Europe; test asks questions that some say German university students would not know; advocates of test, who include Chancellor Angela Merkel, say that citizenship test is way of ensuring that applicants are ready to be German citizens; some critics say test is way of discouraging immigrants, majority of whom are Muslims; photos (M)')('2006032', 'Karen Alexander-Brown letter, prompted by March 24 article on US military efforts to train Iraqi forces in handling detainees, asks what moral authority US has left')('2006032', 'Fs')('2006032', "Edward Rothstein comment on American Indians' demands to reclaim their cultural patrimony, which led in 1998 to Army Corps of Engineers covering over site near Columbia River where Kennewick Man, oldest known skeleton in North America, was found; says Indians' sense of grievance is justified, but not restoration of some sort of primal past or self-promotion that is dominant tone of Smithsonian's National Museum of the American Indian; criticizes appeasement of Indian demands for repatriation in light of questions about whether Kennewick Man is even linked to contemporary tribes; photo (special section, Museums) (M)")('2006032', 'Judge Michael S Spearman rules that Washington State may not deny former prisoners right to vote simply because they are too poor to pay outstanding court costs; American Civil Liberties Union of Washington, which sued on behalf of three former prisoners, says decision could affect tens of thousands of people (M)')('2006032', 'Collectibles column on museum shopping bag designs; photos (special section, Museums) (S)')('2006032', 'Monica Ball letter, prompted by March 26 article on vegan firefighters in Austin, Tex, applauds vegan firefighters for improving their health')('2006032', "Lawyers for New York City defend new antiterror surveillance policy that allows police to videotape political demonstrations and save tapes on file; deny city is compiling dossiers on individual protesters; judge is case is Charles S Haight Jr, who originally authorized surveillance's guidelines in 2003; civil rights lawyers argue that police should be required show some reason why they suspect terrorist activity before dispatching undercover officers to record public events (M)")('2006032', 'Photos of Franca Vercelloni interviewing prospective dates at six-minute speed-dating and chocolate-tasting event in Manhattan')('2006032', "As Bosnian refugees establish permanent homes in United States, food from war-torn region has begun to appear on New York City's ethnic grocery shelves; traditional food of former Yugoslav republics discussed (M)")('2006032', "Text of Federal Open Market Committee's decision to raise benchmark interest rates 0.25 percent (M)")('2006032', 'Campaign by civil rights leaders to reauthorize 1965 Voting Rights Act, parts of which expire in 2007, appears headed for success even though many conservative Republicans oppose law; some conservatives say act has led to unconstitutional redistricting based on race, but Republican leadership is afraid of being labeled racist if they oppose reauthorization; supporters of law say it is still needed to protect against gerrymandering and to protect voting rights; photos; chart of black elected officials since 1970 (M)')('2006032', "Report prepared for Rep Henry A Waxman says that Halliburton subsidiary Kellogg Brown & Root ran up exorbitant expenses on second contract in Iraq even as it was receiving criticism of its costs on 2003 no-bid contract; report is based on previously undisclosed correspondence and performance evaluations from 2004 and 2005; documents show government contracting officers' mounting frustration as they try to assess expense vouchers filed by subsidiary (M)")('2006032', 'Advertising executive Ken Kaess dies at age 51 (M)')('2006032', "General Motors, in annual Securities and Exchange Commission filing, says it will restate several years worth of results for General Motors Acceptance Corp; says it is unsure whether it will be able to sell controlling interest in GMAC because of deal's complexity (M)")('2006032', 'Arab League summit opens in Sudan and concerns over growing Iranian influence in Iraq and lack of Arab involvement there dominate discussion; Arab countries are angry over Iranian-American agreement to hold direct talks about sectarian violence in Iraq; in draft resolution 22 Arab nations pledge to reopen diplomatic missions in Iraq; photo (M)')('2006032', 'Alcatraz prison on island in San Francisco Bay is now museum that draws more than million visitors a year; onetime guard Frank Heaney returns regularly to share memories and autograph copies of his book Inside the Walls of Alcatraz; photos; National Park Service and Discovery Channel are working on film that includes interviews about life on The Rock, preparing for time when those who experienced it are no longer alive (special section, Museums) (M)')('2006032', "Noel Shapard Dowling letter, prompted by March 25 editorial on Bush administration's auctioning off national forest acreage, says once these forests are lost they cannot be regained")('2006032', 'Officials say fire at home of Sabrina Haynes in East Flatbush, Brooklyn, was set to cover up her murder; question her husband, Lloyd, who neigbors say tried to flee when police arrived; photo (S)')('2006032', 'Lawsuit filed by actor Randy Quaid over payments for his role in film Brokeback Mountain points to uncomfortable contradiction in specialty divisions owned by major movie studios, such as Fox Searchlight, Focus Features and Warner Independent; films are budgeted as though they were in independent world, squeezing every nickel from actors, directors and production staff, but are promoted on big budget by parent company, often finding glory at box office or success in award season; photos (M)')('2006032', "Ken Smith's Upperline restaurant in New Orleans is located in Uptown not Garden District as reported in March 8 article (S)")('2006032', 'Jesper Christensen letter comments on scene described in January 2003 Bush-Blair meeting about Iraq (March 27 article)')('2006032', "John R Bolton, American ambassador to United Nations, will present proposal for changes in calculating UN dues that would determine nation's ability to pay based on comparative standards of living rather than current method of basing contributions on gross national products; plan has circulated privately and angered China and Russia, whose dues would rise; photo (M)")('2006032', 'Art conservationists develop preservation methods to maintain new-art installations like cellophane-wrapped candies by Felix Gonzalez-Torres, computer-based presentation by Mark Napier and video works by Nam June Paik; photos (special section, Museums) (M)')('2006032', "Workers at German software company SAP are set to vote for committee that will hold election for works council, first step toward bringing unions into company; management views change as unnecessary in company with healthy management-employee relations and entrepreneurial culture; 91 percent of company's 9,000 employees already rejected proposal to set up works council but German law guarantees workers right to organize, even if most oppose it (M)")('2006032', "Louisiana State University and forward Glen Davis, known as 'Big Baby,' prepare to face UCLA in men's NCAA tournament Final Four; photos (M)")('2006032', 'Charles G Taylor, former president of Liberia, disappears two days after Nigerian government says it will end his asylum and allow him to face indictment by international court; Taylor had been living in exile in Sierra Leone seaside villa and his disappearance is embarrassment for Nigerian Pres Olusegun Obasanjo; human rights advocates and politicians criticize Obasanjo for failing to arrest Taylor despite his long history of eluding capture (M)')('2006032', 'Web sites of several famous museums noted (special section, Museums) (S)')('2006032', "Profile of Joshua B Bolten, incoming White House chief of staff, who is longtime ally of Pres Bush; Congressional Republicans react positively, if subdued; Bolten supporters say he will revive sleepy policy operation at White House and reach out to Congress; they say Bolten, influential chief of staff in Bush's first term, will help drive legislation in way that Andrew H Card Jr, outgoing chief of staff, did not; some question whether Bolten can quell growing concern in Washington about competence of West Wing staff; photo; chart of Bolten's career (M)")('2006032', "Duke University defeats Connecticut University, 63-61, in overtime, to advance to women's NCAA tournament Final Four; photos (M)")('2006032', 'Holland Cotter essay on debate over art and ownership, given centuries of pilfering that brought treasures to Western museums where they are beloved over generations; photos; demands for restitution and prevention of further plunder have grown more insistent, raising large questions about who owns art and what ownership actually means; archaeologists who insist objects should be studied where they are found, in original context, face off against dealers, collectors and museums in international art market (special section, Museums) (M)')('2006032', "Collegiate Church Corp, which has owned land under Corbin Building in Lower Manhattan for 282 years, wants to turn building's upper floors into New Amsterdam Center; center would be collection of Dutch-related historic, cultural and business enterprises in honor of its religious heritage and New York City's first settlers; building and three others owned by church are to be taken by eminent domain for new Fulton Street Transit Center; photos (M)")('2006032', 'Federal Judge Rebecca R Pallmeyer replaces two dismissed jurors in criminal trial of former Illinois Gov George Ryan and instructs jury to begin new deliberations, denying defense request for mistrial; experts say it will be difficult for jurors to put eight days of deliberations out of their minds as judge has ordered; photo (M)')('2006032', "Five former judges on Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court urge Congress to give court formal role in overseeing National Security Agency's surveillance program; Pres Bush's decision to bypass court in permitting eavesdropping without warrants has raised secretive court's profile; several former judges testifying at Senate hearing voice skepticism about Bush's constitutional authority to order wiretapping without court order; they also suggest that program could endanger criminal prosecutions resulting from wiretaps; photos (M)")('2006032', 'Dave Anderson Sports of The Times column discusses New York Rangers player Jaromir Jagr, who tied Rangers records for goals and points in a season; photos (M)')('2006032', 'Melissa Clark describes her personal discovery of North African pastry, or patisserie orientale, in Paris; holds that pastry that is too sweet is not generally popular in Paris, but suggests that patisserie orientale she tasted is unique blend of flavors with hint of sweetness; recipes for Baklava, Dziriate and Cornes de Gazelles; photos; recipes (L)')('2006032', 'Michael Ramsey, lead lawyer for former Enron chief executive Kenneth Lay, confirms that he had operation to implant heart stent during trial; says he feels much better and that he will remain in trial, which is expected to last at least another four weeks; photo (M)')('2006032', "Deeply divided Republican Party on immigration issue reflects what some say is nation's struggle to define itself as demographics shift; Senate Republicans who voted to legalize nation's illegal immigrants say immigrants are powerful work force; House Republicans who back tough border security legislation say illegal immigrants are threat to national security and US jobs; full Senate vote is expected next week, as is more contentious debate on issue; photos (M)")('2006032', 'Some critics raise safety questions concerning exits at World Trade Center Memorial; Bloomberg administration officials say that no major problems are foreseen that cannot be corrected; Davis Brody Bond, architectural firm working out details, say exits will accommodate 8,000 people; all visitors could be evacuated through reinforced, pressured staircases; Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, site owner, is not bound by local codes, but says it is honoring 2004 agreement with city to comply with all building codes; diagram (M)')('2006032', 'Correction: March 28 article about National Basketball Association Development League misidentified one of five first-round draft choices from 2005 who have played in it this season')('2006032', 'Construction workers find more remains at Deutsche Bank building, skyscraper adjacent to ground zero where World Trade Center towers stood; human remains were also found at Deutsche Bank in January; new remains are undergoing DNA analysis (S)')('2006032', "Melanie Warner Advertising column on Bud Light television ads that have been criticized for sending dangerous message that it is fun to drink on rooftops and for violating beer industry's ad and marketing standards; Beer Institute has countered that it considers its standards adequate; photo (M)")('2006032', 'Photo of mourners at funeral of Matthew Winkler, Selmer, Tenn, pastor whose wife has confessed to killing him')('2006032', "Democratic leaders open attack on Bush administration's security policies, in effort to capitalize on Bush's sagging approval ratings and troubles overseas; they will issue policy papers and proposals intended to demonstrate that they have credible alternatives; manifesto skirts some divisive issues, instead calling for increased financing for Special Operations forces and spending more in troubled economic areas of world; photo (M)")('2006032', 'Correction: March 24 picture caption about protest at State University of New York at Stony Brook over visit by Sen Hillary Rodham Clinton referred incompletely to size of demonstration against Iraq war')('2006032', "North Carolina University defeats Tennessee University, 75-63, in women's NCAA Round of 8 (M)")('2006032', 'Strikes and demonstrations in France turn violent, latest development in nationwide drama aimed at forcing government to revoke new youth labor law; 36-hour strike introduces demonstrations across country that bring more than million people into streets; worst violence is in Paris where groups of youths confront riot police; Prime Min Dominique de Villepin, who pushed law through Parliament without consulting public, vows never to give in to demands to rescind law, but repeats his offer to open talks on ways to change it; photo; map (M)')('2006032', "James Cuno, new director of Art Institute of Chicago, discusses plans to unify modern and contemporary holdings, offering curators rare chance to reinstall entire permanent collection when new wing opens and most of Michigan Avenue galleries are vacated; interview; photo; he also aims to expand museum's public face and avoid blockbuster touring exhibitions that distract staff and visitors from permanent collection (special section, Museums) (M)")('2006032', "Painting by Chinese artist Wang Guangyi is expected to be star at Sotheby's first New York auction of contemporary Asian art, timed to coincide with Asia Week; appetite for Asian contemporary art is booming in Europe and Asia and hope is that trend will quickly move westward; Sotheby's has created contemporary Asian art department at their New York auction house and hired Xiaoming Zhang, Chinese-born expert, to run it; photos (M)")('2006032', 'Murray Chass On Baseball column discusses Major League Baseball commissioner Bud Selig, who is about to announce steroid investigation; photos (M)')('2006032', 'Campbell Robertson Boldface column on Gay and Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation Media Awards; Ang Lee wins for Brokeback Mountain; Sharon Stone also interviewed (S)')('2006032', 'Robert Dare letter, prompted by March 27 article on British government memo that suggests Pres Bush was determined to go to war in Iraq, asks how Iraq could comply with demand to eliminate weapons of mass destruction if no such weapons existed')('2006032', 'Robber who disguises himself as police officer is wanted for several thefts of handbags in Manhattan (S)')('2006032', 'British punk rocker Nikki Sudden dies at age 49 (M)')('2006032', 'Peter Franzone testifies at trial of former detectives Louis J Eppolito and Stephen Caracappa that he buried body of Israel Greenwald at his garage in Brooklyn; says he was ordered to do so by Frank Santora Jr, cousin of Eppolito; says Santora went into garage with man who looked like Caracappa while Eppolito waited outside in car; detectives are accused of killing eight men for organized crime figures, including Greenwald; Burton Kaplan allegedly paid them $30,000 to kill Greenwald over ill-fated deal between them (M)')('2006032', "Leslie MacMitchell, fastest mile runner in US in 1940's, dies at age 85; photo (M)")('2006032', 'Correction: March 17 article about application by Verizon Communications to provide cable service on Long Island, NY, included erroneous reference to Cablevision')('2006032', "Antiquities from Persian and US-Iranian enmity intersect in several cases, one involving federal seizure of 2,500-year-old silver drinking vessel that dealer sold as Syrian to evade US embargo; outcome may be affected by unrelated lawsuit in which plaintiffs who won $300-million judgment against Iranian government over 1997 suicide bombing in Jerusalem are trying to seize objects at University of Chicago's Oriental Institute and other museums; institute and State Department say tablets excavated in 1930's are not commercial assets, but Iranian government is refusing to make its case (special section, Museums) (M)")('2006032', 'German prosecutors are investigating whether six German companies sold electronic equipment to Russian front company established to supply Iran with equipment for its nuclear development program; German news reports prosecutors suspect that one company knew where equipment was headed while others may have mistakenly believed equipment was destined for Russia; photo (M)')('2006032', 'Erin E Foster letter, prompted by Sarah Bilston March 24 Op-Ed describing her bed rest experience when pregnant, says there are many ways to keep mentally active while on bed rest')('2006032', "Former federal prosecutors who investigated Newark Mayor Sharpe James and his administration in 1990's say graft flourished in City Hall; several persons close to James were prosecuted, including his chief of staff and relative of his wife, Jackie R Mattison; James, who recently announced that he will not seek another term, has acquired yachts and second homes during his five terms that he explains as coming from savvy investing (S)")('2006032', "15 million people a year visit Metropolitan Museum's Web site each year without ever setting foot in building itself; Internet surfers around world number more than three times the 4.5 million visitors who go to museum; Web site offers information in ten languages, facts and photos about collection, activities for children and myriad of retail goods; photos; Getty Museum's site also described (special section, Museums) (M)")('2006032', 'Florence Fabricant reviews three new tagines and compares one dish made in traditional terra-cotta tagine with three new versions; holds that original tagine produced best results; recipe for chicken tagine; photos (M)')('2006032', 'Caspar W Weinberger, who held senior positions under three Republican presidents and oversaw costliest military buildup in peacetime history, dies at age 88; photos (L)')('2006033', "I don't think it is any secret that the Army has a one-year rotation policy when it comes to troop management in Iraq. I can't say when I am leaving, and it doesn't matter - I am still months away. However, now that I see some light at the end of the tunnel I am [...]")('2006033', 'Drivers always face more pressure at their home races, but today in Melbourne, as the teams prepared for the Australian Grand Prix on Sunday, Mark Webber, an Australian driver, said something a little surprising and perhaps revealing, for one of the most intelligent, articulate and fastest drivers. An Australian journalist asked him if he was [...]')('2006033', 'Instead of saying "www" before a Web site\'s name, why not "triple-dub?')('2006033', "With the mayoral field settled, and no more speculation about Sharpe James's intentions to distract us, we thought it was time to go out into the streets and ask Newarkers what they actually wanted from the next mayor, who will take over on July 1. The voters we talked to at the corner of Market [...]")('2006033', 'Colony Capital Acquisitions, a real estate investment firm, offered to buy Aztar, the owner of the Tropicana casino hotels, for $1.4 billion. Go to Article from The New York Times »')('2006033', 'The London Stock Exchange appears increasingly like a wallflower in the consolidation dance that is sweeping exchanges. Soon after Nasdaq Stock Market abruptly withdrew its $4.2 billion offer for the L.S.E., Deutsche Borse, which runs the Frankfurt stock market, announced on Thursday that its board had authorized it to begin formal merger talks with Euronext. [...]')('2006033', 'Cory Booker\'s campaign calendar may suggest that Mr. Booker is out hitting the streets every day, in every ward. But when Newark06 called to get a specific location for this afternoon\'s "Cafe Con Cory" event at a senior building in the North Ward, we were told, "Oh wait, that\'s not actually going on." In fact, [...]')('2006033', 'Ross Levinsohn, the Web czar at media conglomerate News Corporation, has good news and bad news about the latest crop of Internet start-ups. The good news: they are cheap (mostly). The bad news: They do not know how to make money. And that, apparently, is where News Corporation and its large sacks of money - [...]')('2006033', "No question, Cory Booker used to think that the mayor's salary was excessive. Back in 2001, when he was still a member of the Municipal Council, Mr. Booker was absent from a 7-0 vote that hiked the mayor's salary by 11 percent to its current rate of $190,000. But he subsequently complained bitterly about what [...]")('2006033', "It could be slightly misleading to focus on the headline figure of $4 billion in Thursday's reports of a possible sale of Bank of New York's branch offices. The potential deal, if it happens at all, may be valued at far less than $4 billion and may not include any cash from would-be acquirer J.P. [...]")('2006033', 'Readers respond to David Brooks\'s Mar. 30 column, "Immigrants to Be Proud Of": Ken Garden, Washington, D.C.: Today\'s column was the most eloquent case I have heard for the importance of Mexican immigrants to this country. After reading column after column about the negative impact of Hispanic immigrants on the American economy, it is refreshing [...]')('2006033', 'In this lesson, students search for artworks using online museum databases. They then create their own online art treasure hunts based on a specific theme and set of criteria.')('2006033', 'Callers to the Pakistani Embassy in Washington who cited my columns and asked for help for Aisha Parveen were told that I was lying and that the incident was all false. But in Pakistan, the government has finally acted. I just got a call to say that all charges have been dropped against Aisha Parveen. [...]')('2006033', 'Could Tribune be the next Knight Ridder? Now that shareholder pressure has driven Knight Ridder into the arms of fellow publisher McClatchy, some investors and analysts are speculating - or perhaps just wishing - that Tribune, which owns the Chicago Tribune and the Los Angeles Times, might divest assets to appease holders of its sagging [...]')('2006033', 'Any journalist feels the horror when a colleague is kidnapped or killed, and so today we\'re thrilled that Jill Carroll has been released in Baghdad. Richard Bergenheim, the editor of the Christian Science Monitor, also put out a fine statement: "The chorus of Muslim leaders condemning this kidnapping has been larger and louder than has [...]')('2006033', 'There\'s a growing list of questions for Cory Booker from readers over at Newark Speaks. The inquiries, refreshingly, tend to focus on policy rather than process. What, asks "Spanish Femme," will Mr. Booker do to improve morale among Newark\'s police officers? Another reader, "Make Newark Clean," asks if he has looked into ways to rehabilitate [...]')('2006033', "The immigration debate continues to make for strange bedfellows; first it was John McCain and Ted Kennedy, now it's conservative icon George Will and left-wing flamethrower Robert Scheer. In the Washington Post, Will, always more of an ideologue than a Bush partisan, won't make his friends on the right happy in telling them that: Conservatives [...]")('2006033', "Shares of ASM International rose more than 4 percent in early trading Thursday in New York, amid hopes that shareholders could force a break-up of the Dutch maker of semiconductor equipment. The rise pushed ASMI's market capitalization to nearly $1.1 billion. Mellon HBV Alternative Strategies, which owns a 6.2 percent stake in ASMI, has proposed [...]")('2006033', 'Stuart Rothenberg, the editor and publisher of the Rothenberg Political Report, says "there are strong signs that the Democrats\' strategy of recruiting veterans who served in Iraq is a bust." Media darling Tammy Duckworth, running for Congress in Illinois, won "unimpressively" in her primary on March 21. Two other Iraq veterans "have already exited their [...]')('2006033', "Under pressure to exit the retail banking business, Bank of New York is in advanced talks to sell about 300 branch offices to J.P. Morgan Chase, cable news network CBNC reported Thursday morning. At least one analyst has valued the bank's retail arm at $4 billion. Neither side was commenting on the report early Thursday. [...]")('2006033', "Sharpe James has laid low since dropping out of the mayor's race on Monday, skipping out side doors of City Hall, keeping his public schedule blank. But according to his son John James, Mayor James will be out on the trail as early as next week to lobby voters for his slate of Municipal Council [...]")('2006033', 'Tim Hortons has confirmed that the financial service firms that led its initial public offering have decided to buy an extra 4.35 million shares of the coffee chain. The underwriters - led by Goldman Sachs in the United States, and RBC Capital Markets in Canada - had the option to buy an extra 4.35 million [...]')('2006033', 'Delphi, the auto parts maker, and its largest union, the United Automobile Workers, agreed on one critical point on Wednesday: that the company was likely to ask a bankruptcy court judge to let it set aside its labor contracts and impose sharply lower wages and benefits. Go to Article from The New York Times »')('2006033', 'District Court in California on Wednesday quashed an attempt by Microsoft to force Sun Microsystems and Oracle to provide documents in its battle with the European Commission. Go to Article from CNet News.com » Go to Article from Reuters »')('2006033', "When it comes to fans of Russia - and in particular the policies of its controversial president, Vladimir Putin - they don't come any more enthusiastic than Bill Browder, the CEO of Hermitage Capital Management. Yet since Nov. 13, when Browder was turned back at Moscow airport after a routine trip to London, the manager [...]")('2006033', "Greater transparency is necessary to reduce the complexity of corporate financial reports, government and business officials told House lawmakers Wednesday. Scott Taub, the Securities and Exchange Commission's acting chief accountant, told a House Financial Services subcommittee that the agency believes using interactive financial data will heighten access to corporate information and improve the reliability of [...]")('2006033', "The Securities and Exchange Commission sued eight former executives of StarMedia Network on Wednesday, claiming the Internet portal's revenue was improperly inflated by more than $18 million over a two-year period. Go to Article from The San Jose Mercury News »")('2006033', "Wall Street's most powerful chief executives weighed into the debate over protectionist trade policy in America, claiming that proposed reforms to the rules governing foreign investment in the United States could scare away billions of dollars worth of business. John Mack, Morgan Stanley's chief; Stan O'Neal, his Merrill Lynch counterpart; Charles Prince of Citigroup and [...]")('2006033', "While hyping stocks used to be common practice among some Wall Street firms, all that was supposed to change in 2003 thanks to much-needed reforms put in place by securities regulators and New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer. But that doesn't mean the research business is any more reliable than before. In fact, there's a [...]")('2006033', 'Las Vegas\' posh Bellagio resort is home to five bars, seven "fine dining" restaurants and fountains gushing choreographed displays set to music every evening. It also was home to a cross section of Capitol Hill last year: 13 congressmen, two senators and 65 congressional staffers, plus some spouses and children, got a free trip to [...]')('2006033', 'Pioneer, the oil exploration company, completed the sale of some Gulf of Mexico assets to Marubeni for $1.3 billion in cash. The Dallas-based firm expects to record an after-tax gain on the deal of $425 million to $475 million. Go to Article from TheStreet.com »')('2006033', 'Mitsubishi Corporation said Thursday that General Motors has asked the Japanese trading house to buy part of its 7.9 percent stake in truck maker Isuzu Motors. Go to Article from Bloomberg News » Go to Article from MarketWatch » Go to Article from Reuters CNN Money »')('2006033', "Citigroup has begun an Internet bank that offers higher interest rates as part of its plan to attract more online customers and reverse a decline in consumer banking profit. Go to Article from Reuters via CNN Money » Go to Article from BusinessWeek » Citigroup's shareholders are a patient lot, but how long must they [...]")('2006033', "Mexico's largest media company, Grupo Televisa, is at the center of a bitter debate over proposed laws that critics say strengthen the company's dominant position. Go to Article from The New York Times »")('2006033', "Mittal Steel said it will cut a hostile bid for Arcelor, currently valued at $25.5 billion, if Arcelor investors approve a higher-than-expected dividend at an annual shareholders' meeting April 28. Arcelor, the world's second-biggest steelmaker, is proposing a dividend of 1.20 euros ($1.45) a share. Mittal, the world's biggest steelmaker, assumed Arcelor would pay a [...]")('2006033', "A follow-on stock offering by a public company is usually not headline news. Unless that company is Google, the $100 billion-in-market-cap heavyweight of Internet stocks. The Web search giant announced late Wednesday that it will sell up to 5.3 million additional shares, raising as much as $2.1 billion at current prices. It would be Google's [...]")('2006033', 'Infineon is leaning more and more toward an initial public offering of its memory chip unit rather than a spin-off, and its chief executive would prefer a listing in the United States, Reuters reported. The unit would be listed on the Nasdaq in that case. Go to Article from Reuters »')('2006033', 'A group representing telephone and Internet companies on Wednesday challenged action by regulators that freed Verizon Communications from rules on its broadband data services for businesses. The Federal Communications Commission exempted Verizon from scores of regulations for its high-capacity data business services Go to Article from The New York Times »')('2006033', 'Diesel engine and heavy equipment maker Caterpillar said on Wednesday it has agreed to purchase the rail and remanufacturing business of Caterpillar dealer Finning International. Financial terms were not disclosed. Go to Article from Reuters via Yahoo News » Go to Article from TheStreet.com »')('2006033', "Jack Abramoff, the Republican lobbyist at the center of a Washington corruption scandal, was sentenced to five years and 10 months in prison in an unrelated fraud case in Florida. U.S. District Judge Paul Huck in Miami accepted the plea of Abramoff's lawyers for the shortest possible prison time. Go to Article from Bloomberg News [...]")('2006033', 'American startups are increasingly looking to London exchanges to list their initial public offerings to avoid millions in costs to comply with Sarbanes-Oxley rules. Go to Article from TheStreet.com »')('2006033', "Supreme Court justices showed little inclination on Wednesday to scale back the rights of patent holders, sharply questioning arguments made by a lawyer representing the online auctioneer eBay. Several justices expressed skepticism during oral arguments about eBay's assertion that a federal appeals court had made it too easy for patent owners to obtain injunctions barring [...]")('2006033', "When News Corporation paid $580 million for MySpace, an Internet site for teens and young adults, some people figured that Rupert Murdoch's fascination with all things digital had once again led him to overpay for a new-media property. This time, though, the News Corp.'s purchase of MySpace is looking like that rarest of rarities in [...]")('2006033', 'Microsoft used to cast such a pall over startups that venture capitalists would ask them the "M question" - how does the company plan to coexist with Microsoft? And if the answer was that the startup planned to compete with the software giant, then venture capitalists wouldn\'t invest. That has changed drastically in the past [...]')('2006033', 'Honeywell International said on Wednesday that it had agreed to sell the crash test dummies unit of newly acquired First Technology for $87.3 million. The sale of the First Technology business to HgCapital, a European sector-focused private equity investor, is expected to close during the first half of the year. Go to Article from Reuters [...]')('2006033', "Squeezed by falling trading volumes that are only exacerbated by the skyrocketing price of doing business at the New York Mercantile Exchange, pit traders at the world's largest energy market are entertaining a walkout to get the attention of exchange leaders. Go to Article from Trader Daily » Go to Article from The New York [...]")('2006033', 'The High Court of Britain, accustomed to the sounds of bewigged barristers parsing the fine points of the law, was treated Wednesday to a funky playback of the disco anthem "Le Freak" as a lawyer for the Beatles\' record company argued that Apple Computer\'s iTunes digital music store violated a trademark agreement between the companies. [...]')('2006033', 'Internet Capital Group Inc. expanded its foray into the growing market for "on-demand" Web-based software, saying yesterday that it had acquired a 36 percent stake in Vcommerce Corp., of Scottsdale, Ariz., for $13 million. The Wayne, Pa.-based technology-investing firm spent years struggling to stay in business after the dot-com bust of the early 2000s. Go [...]')('2006033', 'When federal regulators scuttled the planned acquisiton of security software maker Sourcefire by Israeli company Check Point Sofware Technologies last week, it struck a sour note with the venture capital community and analysts. But as far as the venture-backed company and its investors are concerned, the canceled deal has served as a sort of validation. [...]')('2006033', "Intersouth Partners is attempting to raise $250 million for its seventh venture capital fund, just three years after launching its most recent vehicle, VentureWire reported. The firm's marketing timeline is quicker than that of most venture capital firms, which typically wait four to six years between funds. Go to Article from VentureWire Professional »")('2006033', 'Armed with an injectable product that promises to smooth out facial wrinkles on a permanent basis, Artes Medical has raised a nearly $50.7 million Series E round. While its flagship awaits Food and Drug Administration approval, Artes is putting proceeds from the round to help build its sales, marketing and training staff. Go to Article [...]')('2006033', 'MapQuest founder Perry Evans is taking aim at an opportunity in the Internet-search business for local information as he prepares to take Local Matters public. Known for starting up MapQuest - acquired by America Online in 2000 for $1.1 billion - Evans has stayed in the local-information arena with Local Matters. Hoping to catch a [...]')('2006033', "Medical Present Value , which provides financial tools and expert services to manage pay contracts and audit reimbursement for physicians' offices, secured $14 million in venture capital. Investors are Rho Ventures, CenterPoint Ventures, Care Capital, Star Ventures and Techxas Ventures. Go to Article from Austin Business Journal »")('2006033', "Las Vegas Sands, one of four bidders for Singapore's first casino development, said it is proposing to invest $3.6 billion in the project, which it said would be the most expensive gaming resort worldwide. Go to Article from Bloomberg News »")('2006033', "Investors' fascination with Hollywood libraries continued Wednesday as Qualia Partners, a private-equity group led by former Artisan CEO Amir Malin and president-COO Ken Schapiro, bought the libraries of Rysher Entertainment and Gaylord for about $100 million. Go to Article from Variety (Subscription Required) » Go to Article from The New York Post » Go to [...]")('2006033', "United Biscuits reported a 25 percent surge in full-year profits on Wednesday, fuelling speculation that the maker of McVitie's biscuits and KP Nuts is preparing for a 2 billion pound London offering. Go to Article from The Times of London »")('2006033', 'The investment bank, Morgan Stanley, cut 15 percent of the managers who oversaw its retail brokerage operations in the New York area yesterday as part of a revamping, according to a memorandum. The cuts affect about 20 to 25 people who worked in the New York City headquarters and in Westchester County. Go to Article [...]')('2006033', 'Channel Five owner RTL today denied it had held talks with the private equity consortium stalking ITV about a possible merger of the two broadcasters. Go to Article from The Guardian » Go to Article from The Telegraph »')('2006033', "Hugh Osmond's Sun Capital Partners and TDR Capital, the private equity firm, have made an estimated profit of 500 million pounds on their 1 billion pound purchase of Pearl, the closed life insurance fund, The Times of London said. Go to Article from The Times of London »")('2006033', "The authorities in France and Germany rushed Wednesday to dispel mounting speculation that their governments were planning to shake up Europe's satellite industry as a result of a proposed telecommunications tie-up between Alcatel of France and its U.S. rival, Lucent Technologies. Recent media reports have suggested that official concerns about Alcatel's military satellites business being [...]")('2006033', 'Thanks to a spate of blockbuster deals, hedge funds that bet on mergers are on a tear, making almost as much money in the opening weeks of 2006 as they did in all of 2005. These hedge funds use a strategy known in the business as "merger arbitrage" or "risk arbitrage," meaning they seek to [...]')('2006033', "Drug giant Pfizer looks like a more-than-willing seller. In early February, 2006, the company announced it was exploring the possibility of selling or spinning off its consumer business. The betting was that Pfizer's $3.9 billion operation, which includes brands like Listerine and Visine, could be worth more than $10 billion. Yesterday bidders were submitting preliminary [...]")('2006033', 'Is the London Stock Exchange playing too hard to get? Nasdaq Stock Market has withdrawn a 2.4 billion pound ($4.2 billion) bid for the L.S.E., becoming the third suitor in 14 months to walk away from the exchange. Shares of L.S.E. registered their biggest decline in more than 4 1/2 years on the news. Nasdaq [...]')('2006033', "CBS brushed off talk of a Univision buy, saying the big Spanish-language radio and TV broadcaster is expensive. Finance chief Fred Reynolds told investors at a Bank of America conference in New York that CBS isn't eager to pony up $12 billion for Univision, likening an acquisition of that size to climbing Mount Everest. Go [...]")('2006033', "British mortgage bank Alliance & Leicester has rejected an informal 5.8 billion pound ($10.1 billion) offer from France's Credit Agricole, according to The Independent. Alliance & Leicester CEO Richard Pym thought the offer, worth around 1,300 pence a share, did not reflect the bank's full value. Since then, it is believed that conversations have taken [...]")('2006033', "SanDisk may not be entirely out of the bidding to buy Lexar Media following its failed offer to acquire the company last year. That's the conclusion of one Wall Street analyst after a review of the details of a recent Securities and Exchange Commission filing concerning Lexar's acquisition plans. Go to Article from TheStreet.com »")('2006033', 'LandAmerica Financial, a provider of real estate transaction services, on Wednesday said it agreed to buy Capital Title Group for $251 million in cash and stock to diversify its business mix and expand in title insurance. Go to Article from Reuters »')('2006033', "Yahoo Japan will partner with Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Group in Internet banking by taking a stake in the lender's online subsidiary, Japan Net Bank, the companies said on Thursday. Yahoo said it would pay 2.5 billion yen ($21.2 million) for an initial 14.9 percent stake in a new holding company for Japan Net Bank. Go [...]")('2006033', 'What\'s life like at Goldman Sachs? How bad are the hours? How great is the bonus? On Goldman Sachs\'s Web site, several staffers have kept diaries for a recruitment section entitled a "Day in the Life." We\'re positive that the diaries hardly reflect a true day-in-the-life, but we thought we\'d point them out so you [...]')('2006033', "More than six million college and high school students have already registered for social-networking Web site Facebook. If each ponied up $333, they could collect more than enough to cover the $2 billion that the company hopes to fetch in a sale, according to Tuesday's article from BusinessWeek Online. (Maybe they can borrow the money [...]")('2006033', 'Bloggers find erroneous photograph on Web site of California Congressional candidate Howard Kaloogian and Kaloogian withdraws photo and apologizes; photo posted claimed to illustrate peaceful and prosperous Baghdad in effort to discredit Iraq war critics; photo was really of city in another country (M)')('2006033', 'Former New York Rangers player Adam Graves says he will be happy if current Rangers player Jaromir Jagr breaks his franchise single-season points record; Jagr has tied it with 52 goals (M)')('2006033', 'World Trade Center developer Larry A Silverstein and government officials fail to reach agreement on rebuilding at site; New York Gov George E Pataki and Silverstein neared deal but Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, owner of site, Mayor Michael R Bloomberg and New Jersey Gov Jon S Corzine continue to question financial aspects; discussions focus on building of Freedom Tower (M)')('2006033', 'Jurors in case of Zacarias Moussaoui begin deliberating whether he is eligible for death penalty because of his involvement in Sept 11, 2001 terrorism plot; he has already pleaded guilty in connection with conspiracy, only sentence is at issue; he is only eligible for death penalty if jury decides his actions led directly to one or more deaths on Sept 11 (M)')('2006033', 'Rockefeller Foundation grants administrator Cheryl McEwan is charged in Manhattan with stealing thousands of dollars from foundation through fraud scheme; other charges noted (S)')('2006033', 'Delta Air Lines, acting sooner than expected, says it will cut administrative and management employment by 1,000 positions, or about 20 percent, by end of year (M)')('2006033', 'Cuttings column on selecting proper shrubs depending on location; explains how to plant for optimal results; photo (M)')('2006033', 'Bradley W Johnson letter, prompted by March 29 editorial on Senate immigration bill, says illegal immigrant issue should wait until after US border is secured')('2006033', 'New York State legislators insert provision into budget bill to require hospitals to give discounts to poor and some middle-income patients who have no health insurance (M)')('2006033', 'Mark J McPherson letter says David Brooks (March 26 Op-Ed) chooses flawed comparison of Pres Bush and Iraq war to Abraham Lincoln and American Civil War')('2006033', 'Carol Wheeler letter, prompted by March 29 editorial on Senate immigration bill, says new bill will increase illegal immigration; drawing')('2006033', 'Gateway introduces NX100, wafer-thin, lightweight laptop computer; photo (M)')('2006033', 'Federal Judge Reena Raggi denies leniency request for former New York City police officer Charles Schwarz and reinstates his five-year prison sentence; Schwarz was convicted of perjury in connection with 1997 Brooklyn station house torture of Abner Louima (M)')('2006033', 'Putnam Goodwin-Boyd letter, prompted by March 28 article on Senate immigration bill, says most admirable historical moments in US are those when country embraced new immigrants')('2006033', 'Cindy Reid, golf pro, tries out new golf apparel designed to wick away sweat; photos (M)')('2006033', 'New York City Council committee recommends uniform color code for commuter vans but does not offer specific color; rules that apply to vans noted; photo (M)')('2006033', 'New York City Police Officer Jai Aiken is charged with buying stolen goods and related crimes (S)')('2006033', "Former prosecutor Richard G Convertino and State Dept employee who served as witness are indicted on charges of conspiracy and obstruction of justice in discredited case against suspected Detroit terrorist cell; Justice Dept eventually repudiated its own case, leading to dismissal of all terrorism charges against Middle Eastern immigrants in 2004; grand jury charges that Convertino and witness conspired to conceal evidence in effort to bolster government's case; Convertino vehemently denies charges; photo (M)")('2006033', "Supreme Court hears arguments over whether foreign citizens arrested in US can notify and seek advisement from their country's diplomats; lawyers for Moises Sanchez-Llamas, Mexican convicted of attempted murder in Oregon, and Mario A Bustillo, Honduran convicted of murder in Virginia, argue that individual defendants should be included in treaty that governs relationships between nations; government officials argue that treaty does not apply to individual criminal defendants (M)")('2006033', "Florida University and center Joakim Noah prepare to face George Mason University in men's NCAA tournament Final Four; photos (M)")('2006033', 'Giuseppe Pica uses color and scale to make his tiny apartment seem larger (M)')('2006033', 'Commerce Secretary Carlos Gutierrez, addressing business forum in Beijing, says rise of protectionist sentiment in US over $202 billion trade deficit with China could hurt Chinese economy; says China could help Bush administration counter threat of decline in Chinese exports to US with improved market access for US products and stricter enforcement of intellectual property rights; photo (M)')('2006033', "Roman Catholic Church of Nativity in East Village is on list of parishes recommended for closing by archdiocese; neighborhood is rebounding, but church has been largely unsuccessful in attracting area's newer residents; photos (M)")('2006033', 'Joshua B Bolten, incoming White House chief of staff, is expected to press Pres Bush to assemble new economic and Congressional relations teams and overhaul management of West Wing (M)')('2006033', 'Tori Spelling plays exaggerated version of herself on her new scripted comedy So Notorious; VH1 picked up show after it was rejected by NBC; photos (M)')('2006033', 'New York State Republican Party chairman Stephen J Minarik III endorses John Spencer in race against Sen Hillary Rodham Clinton; Quinnipiac University poll shows Democratic gubernatorial hopeful Eliot Spitzer well ahead of rival Thomas R Suozzi; shows Republican gubernatorial hopeful John Faso ahead of rivals William F Weld and Randy A Daniels, with Democrats well ahead of Republicans in head-to-head matchups (M)')('2006033', 'Mark Indursky creates artistic objects out of collectibles; photos (Currents column) (S)')('2006033', "*Shrunken suits are newest trend in men's fashion; photos (M)")('2006033', 'NFL passes new rules limiting kinds of celebrations players can have after touchdowns (M)')('2006033', 'Boston Celtics defeat New York Knicks, 123-98; photo (M)')('2006033', 'New York Mets second baseman Anderson Hernandez is likely to start on opening day; photo (M)e')('2006033', 'Solution to unusual shape of lower floor of TriBeCa duplex is use of curved dividing wall designed by nArchitects; photo (Currents column) (S)')('2006033', 'John Brock letter, prompted by March 29 editorial on Senate immigration bill, says bill is disastrous and will provide amnesty to illegal immigrants')('2006033', "Two sixth-grade boys are arrested after being caught with loaded handgun in their Brooklyn school; Roger Stewart, boyfriend of one boy's mother, is charged with weapons possession (S)")('2006033', "David E Siglin letter disputes David Brooks March 26 Op-Ed assertion that 2008 presidential candidates will have to face 'war-weary' nation; says typical American has no stake in Iraq war")('2006033', 'Leading designers are lobbying Congress for copyright protections like those governing books, music, and other creative arts; clothing design is not protected under copyright or trademark laws in United States because it is considered utilitarian rather than an artistic expression or scientific invention; inexpensive copies and knockoffs are negatively affecting luxury business, according to Council of Fashion Designers; photos (M)')('2006033', 'Prince achieves his first No 1 debut for album; photo (S)')('2006033', 'New York City Opera program Vox 2007: Showcasing American Composers will feature excerpts from new operas performed by City Opera artists and featuring electronic scores (S)')('2006033', 'Michelle Slatalla Online Shopper column on big belts; drawing (M)')('2006033', "Donna Hunter letter, prompted by March 24 article on Democratic women campaigning for House seats, says term 'mommy party' is offensive")('2006033', 'Wilson Rothman assesses computer network storage systems designed for home use made by Maxtor, Seagate, Western Digital and Netgear; photo (M)')('2006033', 'Duke University lacrosse players meet for practice, despite suspended season and continued investigation into allegations that three white members of team sexually assaulted black female who agreed to dance for them at party; photos (M)')('2006033', 'Film United 93, drama about h')('2006033', 'Voxred introduces Turbo Charge, which can recharge cellphone with AA battery; photo (S)')('2006033', "Thomas Crowley letter, prompted by March 29 article that cites Pres Bush's refusal to accept Ibrahim al-Jaafari as interim Iraq prime minister, says Bush has to accept democratic process")('2006033', 'Eugene Landy, clinical psychologist, dies at age 71 (M)')('2006033', "South Carolina University and coach Dave Odom prepare to face Michigan University and coach Tommy Amaker in men's National Invitation Tournament final (S)")('2006033', 'Furniture designer Rod Arad teams with Issey Miyake to create plastic Ripple Chair; photo (Current column) (S)')('2006033', "Former Federal Bureau of Investigation agent R Lindley DeVecchio surrenders to Brooklyn district attorney's office to face charges that he provided information to Colombo crime family head Gregory Scarpa Sr that led to three murders; Scarpa died in 1994; photo (M)")('2006033', 'Placement of names of Sept 11 victims on World Trade Center memorial is one of most potentially divisive issues and remains unsettled; Lower Manhattan Development Corporation president Stefan Pryor and World Trade Center Memorial Board Foundation member Thomas H Roger tell City Council committee that discussions are still going on; Roger says idea of random placement is flawed; photos (M)')('2006033', 'Speaker J Dennis Hastert says that he and other House Republicans recognize need for guest-worker program, suggesting possible compromise with Senate on hotly debated immigration legislation; many House Republicans and Senate conservatives still oppose any legislation that would grant citizenship to illegal immigrants, like bill passed by Senate committee (M)')('2006033', "Downtown express service on New York City's Lexington Avenue subway line will face delays for period of time due to track work (S)")('2006033', 'Charles R Cronin Jr letter, prompted by March 28 article on Senate committee approval of broad immigration bill, says US is, and has always been, nation of immigrants')('2006033', 'Permanent antiques market is open in Midtown Manhattan; Center 44 features 70 dealers; photo (Currents column) (S)')('2006033', 'Charles Herold reviews video games Kingdom Hearts II, developed and published by Square Enix for PlayStation 2, and Daxter, developed by Ready at Dawn Studios and published by Sony for PlayStation Portable; photos (M)')('2006033', 'Brooklyn itself, specifically southern Brooklyn, emerges as intriguing side note in murder trial of Louis Eppolito and Stephen Caracappa; borough is painted as universe of wheeler-dealers, losers and gangsters (M)')('2006033', 'Joel Rotenberg letter says David Brooks March 26 Op-Ed comparing US Civil War and Iraq war falsely implies that Iraq war is benevolent')('2006033', "Author Tahir Shah's book The Caliph's House: A Year in Casablanca describes details of move from London to run-down mansion in Morocco; family life is dramatically different in spacious new home; photos (M)")('2006033', "Marlon Fann is sentenced to to 23 years to life for murder of ex-girlfriend Merline Port-Louis; victim's mother Huguette Port-Louis files wrongful-death suit against Nassau County, charging county failed to protect her daughter despite complaints over two years of being stalked by Fann (M)")('2006033', 'Nathalie Guyol letter says before she will support guest worker program, minimum wage should be raised and existing laws against hiring undocumented workers should be enforced (March 28 article)')('2006033', 'Jacques Vidal organizes public art spectacle at Metro Mall in Queens; photo (M)')('2006033', "Seventy-six-year-old Otto Schenk has directed more productions at Metropolitan Opera than any other living artist; Donzietti's Don Pasquale will be his 16th and last opera; Schenk comments; photos (M)")('2006033', 'Wal-Mart Stores begins circulating senior-level public relations job postings--director of media relations and senior director of campaign management--for executives with plenty of experience managing crises; jobs reflect how much life has changed at Wal-Mart, which has come under withering attack over wages, health benefits and treatment of workers (M)')('2006033', 'Florida authorities arrest Herbert Maisenbacher Jr in connection with death of Joan Galligan, who was found in her garage in Glen Ridge, NJ, with bag over her head and savage blow to her head; motive is unclear, but authorities say there was violent argument between Galligan and Maisenbacher (M)')('2006033', "Justice Department antitrust division approves Whirlpool's purchase of rival Maytag; government lawyers conclude that deal, which would create one of largest home appliance companies in world, is not likely to substantially reduce competition; photo (M)")('2006033', 'Interior designer Giuseppe Pica has transformed his tiny Upper East Side apartment using design tricks that make it seem larger; created three distinct living spaces in 300 square feet space; photos (M)')('2006033', 'New York City panel charged with making recommendations to improve child welfare and investigate system breakdowns issues report; panel avoids assigning blame in case of Nixzmary Brown, focusing instead on changes in protocols, including greater coordination between child welfare agency and Police and Education Departments (M)')('2006033', 'Alan Krueger Economic Scene column difficulties of trying to assess costs of invading Iraq; holds cost-benefit comparisons involve many imponderables and uncertainties and outcomes that would have occurred had another policy been pursued cannot be known for sure (M)')('2006033', "UCLA men's basketball team and coach Ben Howland prepare to face Louisiana State University in NCAA Final Four; photos (M)")('2006033', 'Treadmill clasess are taking off nationwide, and some gyms are building special rooms for them; instructor-led treadmill classes motivate participants to get the most out of running in place by varying incline or speed to build stamina and help prevent customers from becoming bored; photos (M)')('2006033', 'Boldface column; scene described at premiere of Matthew Barney movie Drawing Restraint 9 in New York City (M)')('2006033', 'St Margaret of Antioch Church in Pearl River, NY, is among parishes that will get new and larger churches under archdiocese reorganization; photo (M)')('2006033', 'Marita Poulson letter, prompted by Paul Krugman March 27 Op-Ed on immigration, says illegal immigration might decrease if there were plan to raise standard of living in Mexico')('2006033', 'Denis Twitchett, scholar of imperial China, dies at age 80; photo (M)')('2006033', 'Phillip Alder bridge column on Spring North American Bridge Championships of American Contract Bridge League; diagram (M)')('2006033', "Aides to Gov George Pataki claim Legislature's new budget understates spending by as much as $2.6 billion and will create deficits totaling at least $10 billion over next two years; sides do not agree on math or even whether budget was passed in timely fashion; focus of squabble is mainly on Medicaid, with Pataki citing Legislature's rejection of most of his cuts; charts; map (M)")('2006033', 'New York Yankees look to Mike Myers to be left-handed pitching specialist, called in to face lefty batters, sometimes just one per game; photo (M)')('2006033', 'Stuart Elliott Advertising column on JetBlue Airways new ad campaign, with budget estimated at $25 million, by New York office of JWT, part of WWP Group; drawing (M)')('2006033', 'Alex Kuczynski Critical Shopper column on Anna Sui store in New York City; photos (M)')('2006033', "News analysis of New York State Legislature's approval of $11.2 billion in borrowing to allow New York City Mayor Michael R Bloomberg to move forward with school construction plan; notes that approval does not give city billions courts have said it is owed in school aid; says that lawmakers engaged in give and take, some based on its being election year; says that fiscal monitors warn that budget deal is irresponsible attempt to please everyone in state (M)")('2006033', 'Correction; March 23 article about design exhibition by Ettore Sottsass referred incorrectly to Los Angeles business and its location')('2006033', "Daniel Edwards's life-size clay sculpture depicting Britney Spears giving birth becomes focus of abortion debate; sculpture will be displayed at Brooklyn gallery; photo (M)")('2006033', 'Open for Business column on new stores opening in Harlem and Los Angeles; photos (M)')('2006033', 'Major League Baseball is expected to announce that former Senate majority leader George Mitchell will head panel investigating steroid use in baseball; photo (M)')('2006033', 'Barbara Gordon letter, prompted by March 28 article on Senate immigration bill, says she approves of legal immigrants but wants illegal immigrants deported')('2006033', 'Guidant Corp says it will scrap Xience heart stents, for sale in Europe and used for clinical testing in Japan, after discovering defects; says it has not received any report of patients harmed by faulty units; says action will result in $15 million write-off in first quarter (M)')('2006033', "Mexican Senate is scheduled to vote on legislation, passed unanimously by lower house, that critics say would strengthen Grupo Televisa's dominant position in media industry; debate over law creates test case over how willing government is to rein in powerful business elite that control many of Mexico's most important industries; supporters argue that law creates new transparency in awarding broadcast licenses instead of having them granted by presidential fiat (M)")('2006033', 'Former lobbyist Jack Abramoff is sentenced to five years in prison on fraud charges in Florida; he receives minimum sentence after prosecutors praise his cooperation in major Washington investigation that centers on accusations that Abramoff tried to bribe public officials; Florida case charged that Abramoff and business partner defrauded lenders in order to buy SunCruz gambling cruiseship fleet; photo (M)')('2006033', "Idea that female surgeon will give female patient more time and empathy than a male surgeon would is growing in world of plastic surgery, where number of women practitioners has doubled since 1995; some doctors argue that it is physician's ability to realize patient's ideal that is important, not gender of surgeon; photos (M)")('2006033', 'Stuart Cooke letter, prompted by Paul Krugman March 27 Op-Ed on immigration, says history testifies that US benefits from influx of immigrants, both legal and illegal')('2006033', "Activities of Robin Symes, London antiquities dealer who has done business with many of world's top collectors, comes into sharp focus at trial of Marion True, former curator of J Paul Getty Museum, and Robert Hecht, American dealer, on charges of trafficking objects illegally removed from Italian soil; testimony by Peter Watson, British investigative journalist, details what he says are Syme's elaborate use of offshore companies and warehouses to buy and sell ancient artworks; Symes has not been charged in case, but Italian prosecutors are investigating his ties to True, Hecht and Giacomo Medici, Italian art dealer and codefendant in case who has already been convicted (M)")('2006033', "Michael Kimmleman Critic's Notebook review")('2006033', "Marylyn Rosenblum letter, prompted by Paul Krugman March 27 Op-Ed on immigration, says her immigrant grandparents would be appalled at poor treatment and living conditions of today's immigrants")('2006033', 'Preacher, best-selling author and religious broadcaster Joel Osteen has signed deal with Simon & Schuster that could bring him as much as $13 million for follow-up book to his debut spiritual guide Your Best Life Now: 7 Steps to Living at Your Full Potential; Osteen comments; photos (M)')('2006033', 'New Jersey Nets defeat Memphis Grizzlies, 86-74; photo (M)')('2006033', 'Roundup of sheets and other bedding selections in variety of floral prints; photos (M)')('2006033', 'New York Rangers defeat New York Islanders, 5-1; photos (M)')('2006033', 'Chelsea announces alliance with Anschutz Entertainment Group and Los Angeles Galaxy (S)')('2006033', 'Kelefa Sanneh reviews new CD by rapper Bubba Sparxxx; photo (M)')('2006033', "European Commission Comr Neelie Kroes warns that Microsoft could violate European antitrust laws if it bundles certain features with next-generation operating system Windows Vista; expresses concern that Vista will include software elements which are available separately either sold by Microsoft or by other software companies; Horacio Gutierrez, Microsoft's top lawyer in Europe, says adding security features, search tools and other stand-alone products is essential to meet customer demands (M)")('2006033', 'New Web site aids New Yorkers who scavenge for discarded furniture, alerting fans about where treasures might be found; photo; map (Currents column) (S)')('2006033', "Verbatim introduces new versions of Store 'n' Go line of pocket hard drives; photo (S)")('2006033', "Arts, Briefly; 'Idol' Is")('2006033', 'New York City Mayor Michael R Bloomberg signs bill extending Rent Stabilization Law to April 2009 (S)')('2006033', 'Rave community mourns six friends who were killed when Aaron Kyle Huff shot and killed them and then himself after zombie-themed rave in Seattle; victims, aged 14 to 32, were familiar faces at spirited parties attended by hundreds in Seattle area; photos (M)')('2006033', 'New Jersey environmental officials impose restrictions on campfires in effort to control number of forest and brush fires (S)')('2006033', 'Laplink Software introduces PCdefense computer software and backup protection program; photo (S)')('2006033', 'Logitech introduces Z-5450 Digital 5.1 Speaker System that uses wireless links with receivers built into rear surround sound speakers; photo (S)')('2006033', 'She Who Debunks Witchcraft Shai')('2006033', "At Home With column on Phyllis Schlafly, subject of Donald T Critchlow biography Phyllis Schlafly and Grassroots Conservatism: A Woman's Crusade; Schlafly's life has become subject of fascination for generation of younger women whose feminist impulses are, in many cases, ignited primarily by issues that present themselves at home; photos (M)")('2006033', 'Denver commuter Greg Pringle is charged with driving illegally in lane with one-passenger minimum, with mannequin named Tillie in passenger seat; as punishment, judge orders Pringle to stand with Tillie at busy intersection holding sign discouraging HOV lane cheating; he then auctions Tillie for charity; photo (M)')('2006033', "Article describes gradual changes at two small businesses--high-end New York beauty salon owned by Henri Elfassy and Clarion Group management advisory firm founded by William G McKendree--whose owners wanted to work less; Elfassy brought in French colorist Francky L'Official and renamed salon to Francky L'Official but still owns business; McKendree created 'community model' where everyone in firm owns part of company and plays role in managing it; photo (M)")('2006033', 'Chronology of sexual-assault case building against Duke University lacrosse players, who allegedly raped woman who agreed to dance for them at party (M)')('2006033', "I can't say the exact date I'm leaving Iraq, but I do know I'm pretty much within the 90-day window. The other morning I found myself getting nostalgic as I sat on the plastic chair outside my room and wrote in my journal. I left Salt Lake City 14 months ago. My room has become [...]")('2006033', 'The Formula One of the post 2007 era is finally taking shape. Friday, the International Automobile Federation announced it had received applications from 22 teams for the championship that begins in 2008, and there are only 12 spots to be filled. That makes it sound like a resounding success. Of course, maybe it is supposed [...]')('2006033', "Cory Booker's transformation from insurgent to establishment figure continues. The Fraternal Order of Police in Newark voted today to endorse Mr. Booker, throwing its weight behind the young upstart even though his opponent, State Senator Ronald L. Rice, is a former officer and Vietnam veteran whose law enforcement experience is among his proudest accomplishments. Derrick [...]")('2006033', 'It\'s amazing: a *live-action* video of "The Simpsons" opening-credits sequence.')('2006033', 'The comments submitted in response to the recent post about lighting reveal sharp differences of opinion about how important lighting is - and about what constitutes good lighting.')('2006033', 'Sports Illustrated has the swimsuit issue, and Trader Monthly has the 100. The magazine - whose tagline, "See it, make it, spend it," pretty much says it all - has published its third annual list of the 100 highest-earning traders for Wall Street\'s titillation. Naturally, it is done as a centerfold. Topping the list of [...]')('2006033', 'Cory Booker said today that the next mayor will inherit a city on the verge of financial crisis if the $80 million redevelopment organizations set up a few weeks ago by Mayor Sharpe James and the Municipal Council are not rescinded. After a gospel concert in the Central Ward, he said that his campaign had [...]')('2006033', 'Andrew H. Card Jr. and President Bush yesterday at White House. (Jason Reed/Reuters) Washington is still atwitter over the resignation of Andrew Card as White House chief of staff and the appointment of his replacement, Josh Bolten, the director of the Office of Management and Budget. Much of the buzz comes from the belief that [...]')('2006033', "In yet another sign that real estate investment trusts are moving further into the investment mainstream, Standard & Poor's announced this week that it is adding two REIT's to the S&P 500 Index. Boston Properties becomes part of the index after the close of business today, while Kimco Realty will be added Monday. Boston Properties [...]")('2006033', '"Street Fight" is still hot - outside of Newark. Ironweed Films, a DVD club that "uses indie films to rally audiences around social and political issues," just announced a plan for a series of small screenings of the Oscar-nominated documentary in San Francisco on April 17. "Street Fight" has won awards at film festivals from [...]')('2006033', "It was a busy day for Goldman Sachs's chief executive, Henry Paulson Jr., who held court at his firm's annual meeting Friday in New York. One order of business was to swat down speculation that he is on the short list to replace United States Treasury Secretary John Snow (who, we should note, still had [...]")('2006033', 'Readers respond to Thomas Friedman\'s March 31 column, "Iraq at the 11th Hour" Jerry Schrader, Salem, Ore.: I grew up with the idea that the most dangerous level of political unrest was anarchy. The Bush administration has accomplished a state of anarchy in Iraq. As I type this, I can\'t help but wonder if anarchy [...]')('2006033', 'Readers respond to Paul Krugman\'s Mar. 31 column, "The Road to Dubai" Craig Breighner, New Oxford, Penn.: We should only be dismayed at proposed immigration legislation as a departure from democratic ideals if we overlook - and I don\'t think I\'m saying this too cynically - a not-so-well-articulated pillar of the Bush doctrine of "democracy [...]')('2006033', 'The Octagon, a luxury rental building on Roosevelt Island in New York, is slated to open in two weeks. There\'s a dizzying list of amenities, from on-site childcare to "curved shower rod providing more spacious shower area." The press release also touts this tantalizing high-tech lure: warp-speed Internet access. The Octagon is also the first [...]')('2006033', 'A research analyst swept up in a legal battle between Biovail and hedge fund giant SAC Capital has withdrawn his coverage of the pharmaceuticals company. David Maris of Banc of America Securities, one of 22 defendants in a lawsuit filed by Biovail, ended his coverage on Friday with a short research note, whose text was [...]')('2006033', 'Cory Booker has been picking up endorsements left and right, both before the mayor dropped out and since. But institutional support, while helpful during a campaign, also comes with a set of demands - especially here in Newark, where patronage and quid pro quo are the ways things are done. Mr. Booker insists, of course, [...]')('2006033', '(Josh Benson for The New York Times) Far be it from us to read too much into a simple picture. But it seems fair to consider this a sign, in the waning days of the mayoralty of Sharpe James, that his Newark renaissance is still very much a work in progress. – Josh Benson')('2006033', 'When asked in the 1950\'s what he thought of the French Revolution, Chinese Prime Minister Zhou Enlai famously responded that it was "too soon to say." Well, if the commentators (including Corinne Maier on today\'s Times Op-Ed Page and Keelin McDonell at TNR Online) are to be believed, the day of reckoning may have come: [...]')('2006033', "Just how hot is ethanol? Consider that two producers of the alternative fuel filed for initial public offerings on the same day Thursday. While the proposed I.P.O.'s are small - they hope to raise a maximum of $200 million between them - they reflect the mounting buzz surrounding this plant-derived fuel. Big-name investors like Vinod [...]")('2006033', "In what has increasingly been seen as the inevitable next step in Delphi's tortured labor negotiations, the auto-parts maker said on Friday that it had asked a bankruptcy judge to void its contracts with union workers. The court motion was, in essence, the nuclear option that has served as the backdrop to Delphi's continuing talks [...]")('2006033', 'Jeffrey A. Taylor at Reason Online provides a noteworthy perspective that cuts through the histrionics of the Zacharias Moussaoui trial, warning that readers should not "linger on Moussaoui\'s bizarre suicide-by-testimony or the literal cheerleading for his execution." "Neither of these is the real story of this case," Taylor writes. The take-home message is that the [...]')('2006033', "A buyout consortium led by Apax Partners Worldwide and Blackstone Group said Friday that it would drop its bid to acquire ITV, Britain's second-largest broadcaster. The decision came soon after ITV rejected a second, sweetened takeover offer from the group, calling it too risky and too low. The offer valued the company at 5.37 billion [...]")('2006033', "Nasdaq did not cite a reason for pulling its $4.1 billion bid for the London Stock Exchange off the table, but several executives involved in talks between the exchanges said that the London exchange's stock price had risen too high for Nasdaq, and that London executives had given Nasdaq a very chilly reception. Go to [...]")('2006033', 'Six months after gambling on his hunch that the auto-parts industry is ripe for consolidation, Wilbur Ross says his acquisition spree has only just begun. "We are still in the early stages here," the 68-year-old Ross, who plans to use his International Auto Components Group to create three global auto-parts makers, told Bloomberg News in [...]')('2006033', "Shareholders are expected to vote overwhelmingly to approve Boston Scientific's proposed $27 billion takeover of Guidant in separate meetings this morning at their headquarters. No major shareholders have publicly opposed the transaction. Go to Article from The New York Times »")('2006033', "American contractors are in pole position to take control of Sellafield, Britain's most contaminated nuclear site, after the Government gave the green light to a 1 billion pound sale of British Nuclear Group (BNG), the nuclear clean-up company. Go to Article from The Times of London » And British Nuclear Group has been given a [...]")('2006033', 'Spanish telecom giant Telefónica said Thursday that it has received seven nonbinding offers for its 60 percent stake in its yellow pages unit, Telefónica Publicidad e Informacion SA. The Madrid-based company wants to sell part or all of its stake, which is valued at 1.8 billion euros ($2.1 billion). Go to Article from The Daily [...]')('2006033', "John Malone's Liberty Media put its On Command hotel-video unit up for sale and may raise as much as $500 million, Bloomberg News reported. On Command sells pay-per-view movies and video games in more than 1 million rooms in hotels managed by such chains as Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide Inc. and Four Seasons Hotels [...]")('2006033', "Troubles in the American banking industry could open up acquisition opportunities south of the border for Toronto-Dominion Bank's business in the northeastern United States, its chief executive, Ed Clark, said on Thursday. Go to Article from The Globe and Mail »")('2006033', "In 1997, Barclays' investment banking unit was so marginal that its centuries-old parent, Barclays, dumped most of its businesses, including equities and mergers and acquisitions. Since then, Barclays President Bob Diamond has turned the once-troubled investment banking unit into a powerhouse. Go to Article from BusinessWeek »")('2006033', "Some of Canada's largest companies, including General Electric Canada Inc., are considering plans to convert divisions into income trusts, setting the stage for a multibillion-dollar wave of blue-chip trust initial public offerings in a market recovering from political uncertainty. Go to Article from The Globe and Mail »")('2006033', 'Two former natural gas traders scheduled to go to trial together in April will now be tried separately in May. Former Dynegy trader Michelle Valencia and former El Paso trader Greg Singleton were expected to go to trial April 10 for conspiracy and fraud. Go to Article from The Houston Chronicle »')('2006033', "Alcatel's bold bid to clinch a telecoms merger with U.S. rival Lucent and simultaneously pull off a satellites deal with defense electronics group Thales has run into some political obstacles, French newspapers said on Friday. The La Tribune and Les Echos newspapers said President Jacques Chirac was refusing to be hurried into approving a deal [...]")('2006033', 'Standard Life intends to go public in July after members vote on its demutualization plans at the end of May, the insurer announced Thursday. Standard life is expected to be worth between 4 billion pounds and 6 billion pounds, and the offering is likely to propel it into the FTSE 100 index. Go to Article [...]')('2006033', "Rosneft, Russia's state-owned oil giant, is preparing to sell up to 49 percent of its shares in an initial public offering worth about $20 billion. But while it looks impressive on paper, Rosneft has some skeletons in its closet that may give investors pause. Go to Article from BusinessWeek » And in the run-up to [...]")('2006033', 'The Securities and Exchange Commission on Thursday charged securities broker and investment adviser Global Crown Capital LLC with fraudulently hiding from investors the trading losses of hedge fund Cogent Capital Management. Go to Article from MarketWatch »')('2006033', "A.G. Edwards on Thursday reported a 60 percentjump in fiscal fourth-quarter 2006 profit, lifted by growth in asset management and service-fee revenue. Robert Bagby, chairman and chief executive of St. Louis-based A.G. Edwards, said it was the first time for the company's fee-based revenue to exceed commission revenue on an annual basis. Go to Article [...]")('2006033', "LVMH Moët Hennessy Louis Vuitton and Morgan Stanley will present their cases in the appeals court here today in LVMH's long-running bias suit against the investment bank. Go to Article from Women's Wear Daily (Subscription Required) »")('2006033', 'Kirk Wright , an Atlanta hedge fund manager under suspicion of defrauding a group of investors that included several NFL players, now faces criminal charges in connection with the collapse of funds that investors believed held up to $180 million. Go to Article from CNN Money »')('2006033', "As China gets set to throw open its doors to foreign banks by the end of the year, there's a gold rush among global banks to claim their stake in China's fast-growing financial services market. But analysts warn that banks in search of riches may find little more than fool's gold in China, given the [...]")('2006033', 'Both the Justice Department and the American Civil Liberties Union confirmed yesterday that they had requested and received information from Internet service providers and software makers in connection with an A.C.L.U. lawsuit challenging an anti-pornography law. Go to Article from The New York Times » Go to Article from The San Jose Mercury News »')('2006033', "The opening act is finished in what has been billed as the business trial of the century – the government's case against former Enron chiefs Ken Lay and Jeffrey Skilling. Monday, Act 2 begins. Go to Article from USA Today » Go to Related Article from The Washington Post »")('2006033', "Citigroup is being sued by Australia's securities regulator for insider trading while advising Toll Holdings on a A$4.6 billion ($3.3 billion) hostile bid for Patrick Corporation. Shares in Patrick, Australia's biggest port cargo handler, surged 13 percent on Aug. 19, the last business day before Toll made its offer. Go to Article from Bloomberg News [...]")('2006033', "The United States government has intervened in Microsoft's antitrust dispute with the European Commission, urging it and the 25 national governments in the European Union to be fair to the company, American diplomats and European officials said on Thursday. Go to Article from The New York Times » Go to Article from Bloomberg News »")('2006033', 'A United States judge ruled that Bank of America may pursue more than $1 billion of fraud claims against Parmalat, the Italian dairy company that collapsed in 2003. Go to Article from Reuters »')('2006033', 'Who wants to buy a Millionaire? The owner of "Who Wants To Be A Millionaire?" put the worldwide intellectual property rights and the United Kingdom library of programs for the hit quiz show up for sale on Thursday in what television executives said was the first auction of its kind. Complete Communications hired advisory firm [...]')('2006033', 'An existing institutional shareholder has sold $125 million worth of China Life Insurance shares in a move to cash in on the strong share price gains in the past four months. Citigroup acted as sole bookrunner for the deal. Go to Article from FinanceAsia.com »')('2006033', 'A lawyer for Apple Computer dismissed as ridiculous on Thursday a long-running trademark infringement claim by another cultural icon, the Apple Corps recording label of the Beatles Go to Article from The New York Times »')('2006033', 'A federal judge raised questions yesterday about the prosecution of 16 former KPMG employees over aggressive tax shelters, criticizing prosecutors for what he called murky definitions of fraud and evasion. Go to Article from The New York Times » Separately, the Securities and Exchange Commission has settled with three former KPMG LLP auditors for their [...]')('2006033', 'Gus, Duke and Fido will be able to keep their paws and underbellies toasty on long car rides or cold nights at home thanks to what Hyperion Innovations is calling the "most technologically advanced pet bed in the world." Hyperion, the maker of the Cold Heat soldering tool, is nearing completion of a $2.75 million [...]')('2006033', 'Two Congressional panels approved measures on Thursday in efforts to stem the furor over the attempted takeover of significant terminal operations at some large American ports by Dubai Ports World. Go to Article from The New York Times » Go to Article from the Washington Post » Go to Article from MarketWatch »')('2006033', "Shareholders of the troubled vaccine maker Chiron face a crucial vote in the next few days: Sell out to Novartis, or reject the drug maker's merger bid and continue to go it alone. Novartis, a Swiss company with 16 times the market cap of Chiron, already owns 44 percent of the smaller company's shares and [...]")('2006033', 'The board that writes accounting rules for American business is proposing a new method of reporting pension obligations that is likely to show that many companies have a lot more debt than was obvious before. In some cases, particularly at old industrial companies like automakers, the newly disclosed obligations are likely to be so large [...]')('2006033', "Mario J. Gabelli's first investor won a crucial ruling yesterday in a long-running, bitter legal battle over whether Mr. Gabelli bilked him and another backer out of more than $100 million. A judge in New York State Supreme Court in White Plains granted a summary judgment against Mr. Gabelli, the famed money manager. The judge, [...]")('2006033', "James P. Gorman, head of Morgan Stanley's retail brokerage unit, won a reversal Thursday of a court order that had barred him from trying to hire people away from his former employer, Merrill Lynch. He has hired at least three senior Merrill employees since joining Morgan Stanley last month, prompting Merrill to argue that he [...]")('2006033', 'Military officials and government antitrust regulators are completing an agreement that would clear a planned merger of government-rocket businesses run by Boeing Co. and Lockheed Martin Corp., The Wall Street Journal reported. Go to Article from Reuters »')('2006033', 'In a surprise move, the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit in Houston late yesterday ordered that a former Merrill Lynch executive, William Fuhs, be immediately released on bail awaiting final decision on his appeal. Mr. Fuhs was one of four former Merrill employees convicted in 2004 on fraud and conspiracy charges [...]')('2006033', "In the annals of corporate chieftains who have been brought low, the tale of Werner G. Seifert deserves at least a footnote. Now, thanks to Mr. Seifert's own poison-dipped pen, it is getting a whole book. Mr. Seifert's blow-by-blow account of his ouster last year as chief executive of Deutsche Börse, which will be published [...]")('2006033', "Kenneth Griffin and Edward Lampert have much in common. Both are Ivy Leaguers who started hedge funds in their 20s, and by the time they neared 40 were two of the world's wealthiest men. But one major difference remains. Mr. Lampert, 43, has gone far afield from his usual habitat to also oversee day-to-day operations [...]")('2006033', "Burger King's upcoming I.P.O. looks lucrative... for the private-equity firms doing the deal. While they make even more cash, the chain's long-term debt could hit $1 billion. Go to Article from BusinessWeek »")('2006033', "Goldman Sachs, twice snubbed by Google, has now been embraced by the Internet darling. The giant investment bank has won a role as the sole underwriter in Google's latest stock offering, which could raise more than $2 billion in cash for the search engine. Go to Article from The New York Post »")('2006033', 'Taking advantage of the booming market for luxury watches, timepiece maker Tourneau, which also sells such luxury brands as Cartier and Patek Philippe, has put itself up for sale, The New York Post reported. The New York-based retailer is in talks to be acquired by an unidentified private-equity firm for about $250 million. Go to [...]')('2006033', "The financial challenges for General Motors' GMAC finance unit may not go away, even if a majority stake in the operation is sold, as is widely expected. But Bob Schulz, the top auto credit analyst for rating agency Standard & Poor's, said on Thursday that he couldn't assure such a transaction would be enough to [...]")('2006033', 'Prosecutors investigating allegations of tax evasion and embezzlement conducted a raid Thursday on the Seoul office of an American investment company, Lone Star Funds, which bought a controlling stake in a Korean bank three years ago. Go to Article from The New York Times »')('2006033', 'Can Vonage parlay its increased consumer exposure into a lucrative initial public offering? Or is the company, which is hemorrhaging money, actually trying to shop itself to a larger telecom firm? Vonage filed to go public nearly two months ago but it has yet to file any amended registration statements with the Securities and Exchange [...]')('2006033', 'In this lesson, students explore their own talents and create interview questions for a peer involved in a particular extracurricular activity. They then write newspaper articles based on the interviews.')('2006033', "Colgate-Palmolive may offer to buy Pfizer's entire consumer-products unit, not just the Listerine brand, when bidding opens today, Bloomberg reported. Colgate will be among at least four companies making offers for the $3.88 billion-a-year division, which also sells Sudafed cold medicine and Visine eyewash. Go to Article from Bloomberg News »")('2006033', "Shareholders of VNU are expected to reject a buyout attempt by a private equity consortium, derailing what could have been one of Europe's largest-ever leveraged buyouts. Large institutional shareholders controlling about 40 percent of the company, including Knight Vinke Asset Management and Fidelity International , plan to reject the offer from a consortium that includes [...]")('2006033', 'A group of private equity and hedge fund managers appear to be near to buying the international assets of Enron for close to $2 billion, The Wall Street Journal reported. The group includes London emerging markets fund manager Ashmore Investment Management Ltd. and American hedge funds D.E. Shaw and Eton Park Capital Management. Go Article [...]')('2006033', 'Garage Technology Ventures, a seed- and early-stage venture fund, said Thursday that it had created a new fund, which was led by Thomas Weisel Global Growth Partners. In addition to Weisel, other investors in Palo Alto-based Garage Technology Ventures I include Draper Fisher Jurvetson, Silicon Valley Bank and E-Trade. Go to Article from The Silicon [...]')('2006033', "After years of stagnating, salaries for associates at law firms are on fire. Every week seems to bring a new report of a firm, or a whole posse of firms, sweetening associates' pay in order to, well, keep up with all the other law firms. It is beginning to look a little like the real [...]")('2006033', 'Photo of children playing on rocks along East River in Brooklyn on warm day')('2006033', 'Photo of students demonstrating in San Diego against proposed legislation to crack down on illegal immigrants; 38 are arrested')('2006033', 'Susan J Behrens letter on optimism as trait that potential daters should share for good outcome reports that she is worrier in her marriage, which frees up husband to relax')('2006033', 'Photo of visitors enjoying cherry blossoms in Washington')('2006033', "Excerpts from Frank Bruni reviews of restaurants Urena on E 28th St, Morimoto in Chelsea, P J Clarke's on the Hudson in Financial District and Blaue Gans in TriBeCa; photo (M)")('2006033', 'New York Knicks fans discuss difficulty of being fans this season, as team has struggled to win games; photos (M)')('2006033', "Mayor Michael R Bloomberg says admission fee to World Trade Center memorial museum may be necessary because New York cannot afford to support operation; idea of fee was first raised by Gretchen Dykstra, president of World Trade Center Memorial Foundation, who says it will cost more than $40 million a year to run museum, memorial, plaza and visitors' center (M)")('2006033', 'Photo of jump ball, which was once key play in basketball and is now seldom-used, especially in college basketball')('2006033', "Shareholders are expected to vote overwhelmingly to approve Boston Scientific's proposed $27 billion takeover of Guidant, contingent on approval by antitrust regulators in US and Europe (S)")('2006033', 'Victor Thuronyi letter suggests both timed and untimed portions of SAT')('2006033', 'The Churn column on recent executive appointments (M)')('2006033', 'Boldface column discusses documentary Ninety-Five Miles to Go, about comedian Ray Romano, with its director Tom Caltabiano (M)')('2006033', 'Los Angeles City Council approves payment of $1.1 million to family of murdered rapper Notorious BIG; penalty was imposed federal judge who accused police of concealing evidence in case and declared mistrial; family plans to proceed with wrongful death lawsuit; photo (S)')('2006033', "Photo of Aristide Demetriou cutting customer's hair in Manhattan")('2006033', "Michael Barbaro Advertising column on remarkable resemblance that new print and television campaign developed for Wal-Mart Stores by GSD&M has to Sears Roebuck campaign in 1993 aimed at changing consumers' view of kinds of products retailers carry; photos (M)")('2006033', 'Cloning company ViaGen and horse-breeding and marketing company Encore Genetics announce births of two cloned cutting horses from champion stock; say seven more clones of champion horses are scheduled to be born this year and portray achievement as first commercially cloned horses; photo (M)')('2006033', "ON '6O MINUTES,' NO NEWS IS WOODS'S NEW")('2006033', "Carol Vogel Inside Art column; Andy Warhol painting Small Torn Campbell's Soup Can (PepperPot) will be auctioned at Christie's and is expected to fetch $10 million to $15 million; Israel Museum in Jerusalem has raised $50 million from 13 families and foundations in Europe, Israel and United States to redesign its 20-acre campus; Kimbell Art Museum in Fort Worth, Tex, is set to open exhibtion Masterpiece: A New Look at the Kimbell Collection; photo (M)")('2006033', "Conservative House Republicans bluntly warn leaders against any compromise on illegal immigration that would allow temporary foreign workers; assail Senate proposal to open way for illegal migrants to earn citizenship; supporters of Sen John McCain's plan see positive move in their direction by Pres Bush, who says in Mexico that migrants 'can get in line, but not the head of the line'; Pew poll finds 53 percent of Americans surveyed believe illegals should have to go home, 40 percent would grant some legal status (M)")('2006033', 'Ottawa Senators defeat New York Rangers, 4-1; photo (M)2')('2006033', "New York's Administration for Children's Services computerized case-management system continues to breakdown, making it difficult for caseworkers to update or read files on abused and neglected children; system is connected to state-run program that has had problems since being installed in October (S)")('2006033', 'Ian Hamilton Finlay, Scottish poet and conceptual artist, dies at age 80; photo of neo-Classical sculpture (M)')('2006033', "New York City's Dept of Juvenile Justice and Health Star Plus, New Jersey company that provides medical care to children in agency's custody, agree to 30-day extension of company's three-year $10.5 million contract, which is expiring (M)")('2006033', 'US government asks European Commission and European Union members to be fair in antitrust dispute against Microsoft; Microsoft has complained frequently that it has been denied right to fair defense and has accused European Commission of collaborating with its rivals in software industry and denying it access to what it contends are documents vital to its defense (M)')('2006033', "Melanie Warner describes her experience at Macy's in trying to find pair of pants made by Jones New York equipped with Fitlogic sizing (M)")('2006033', 'US Court of Appeals orders former Merrill Lynch executive William Fuhs to be immediately released on bail awaiting final decision on appeal; Fuhs was convicted in 2004 on fraud and conspiracy charges involving sale by Enron of power generators mounted on barges in Nigeria (M)')('2006033', 'Showtime series Huff is set to begin its second season; show stars Hank Azaria and Oliver Platt, who have been close friends since college; they comment; photos (M)')('2006033', "US and European Union, in rare coordinated move, file complaint with World Trade Organization accusing China of imposing discriminatory tariffs on foreign suppliers of auto parts; complaint is viewed as part of broader attempt to address growing criticism by US and Europe against China's trade policies (M)")('2006033', "Colony Capital Acquisitions offers to buy casino owner Aztar Corp for about $1.4 billion in cash; deal would significantly increase Colony's presence in Las Vegas and Atlantic City, allow it to become publicly traded via takeover and position it to become more significant player in casino industry; photo (M)")('2006033', "Interview with Geri D Palast, executive director of Campaign for Fiscal Equity, who discusses her group's long-running lawsuit against the state to provide more funding for New York City schools; photo (M)")('2006033', 'New York City police are offering $12,000 reward for information leading to capture of man wanted in series of sexual assaults in Morris Heights and Bedford Park (S)')('2006033', "New York International Children's Film Festival is evolving from three-week festival with few showings to year-round series; festival will show at least two films, one for young children and one for ages nine and up, on first weekend of every month; photos (M)")('2006033', 'New York Mets defeat St Louis Cardinals, 6-1, in spring training exhibition game; photo (M)')('2006033', "John J Holden letter on March 19 Op-Ed says Mark Franek's solution to problems with SAT are hardly simple")('2006033', 'William Grimes')('2006033', 'Gov Jon S Corzine suspends payments from multimiliion-dollar discretionary fund used by lawmakers to provide grants to municipalities and businesses after lawsuit is filed claiming state has failed to properly administer monies (S)')('2006033', 'Lauren Rackow letter says affirmative action for male college students is not appropriate, but not for reasons John Tierney mentions in March 25 column; suggests boys are no longer outperforming girls because they finally have to compete on merits instead of using tools of favoritism to dominate')('2006033', 'Naomi Campbell is charged in New York with assaulting her housekeeper with telephone; police say she accused her housekeeper of stealing pair of jeans and threw cellphone at back of her head when she was walking down the stairs; photo (M)')('2006033', "Laurel Graeber Family Fare column recommends A Lower East Side Passover program at Eldridge Street Synagogue, play The Last of the Dragons at Manhattan Children's Theater and Jazz Lover Open House at Jazz at Lincoln Center; photo (M)")('2006033', "Invasion of the Locusts, poison-pen memoir by Werner Seifert about his 2005 ouster as chief executive of Deutsche Borse, is generating buzz in London, home to many hedge fund managers; book's vitriole is aimed chiefly at Christopher Hohn, Briton whom Seifert says led opposition to his unsolicited and unsuccessful $2.5 billion takeover bid for London Stock Exchange; photo (M)")('2006033', "Education activists charge that New York State allocates education aid among 677 school districts using arcane mathematical formulas that are supposed to provide objectivity but are stew of political calculations; court has ruled that New York City children are being shortchanged and has directed state to develop plan to fix problem, but Legislature's expected budget does little to break from decades-old rules; diagram showing allocation of differing aid to similar school districts (M)")('2006033', "Wendy Moonan Antiques column on Sotheby's auction of English Baroque period decorative art from country houses, which features miniatures from dollhouse; photo (M)")('2006033', 'Meg Stewart letter finds nothing wrong with college admissions offices following market forces, and if more girls than boys are qualified, so be it')('2006033', 'Marilyn Ginel, who was nine months pregnant, is found dead in her Bronx apartment; no arrests have been made (S)')('2006033', 'Republican Congressional leaders, stung by liberal advocacy groups like MoveOn.org in 2004, move to restrict spending by 527 organizations, named for tax code section, in time for elections this year; Democrats point out that Republicans draw unlimited money from wealthy corporations and trade associations that use own nonprofit arms to wage issue campaigns; Sen John McCain and Repr John Boehner want to limit annual donations to 527 groups and force them to abide by more stringent rules governing political action committees, which is how MoveOn plans to operate (M)')('2006033', 'Barbara Slockbower letter on high emotional and financial costs of caring for her aged mother in her final illness')('2006033', 'Daniel Hinerfeld letter supports untimed SAT')('2006033', "Interior Department's definition of wetlands as including manmade ponds like golf course water hazards allows Sec Gale Norton and Agriculture Sec Mike Johanns to announce first net 'increase' in wetlands since Fish and Wildlife Service started measuring them in 1954; wetlands by their definition totaled 107.7 million acres at end of 2004, even though 523,500 acres of swamps and tidal marshes were actually lost; department's count includes ponds left at mining sites, which Julie Sibbing of National Wildlife Federation calls 'wet deserts' (M)")('2006033', 'Murray Chass On Baseball column discusses appointment of former Senate majority leader George J Mitchell to head investigation of steroid use in Major League Baseball; photo (M)')('2006033', 'Brian Tuitt, former New York City police detective, is sentenced to five years in state prison for sexually assaulting three girls between ages of 11 and 13 in a Yonkers hotel room in Feb 2005 (S)')('2006033', "South Carolina University defeats Michigan University, 76-64, to win men's National Invitation Tournament for second consecutive year; photo (M)")('2006033', 'Ranking of big Wall Street and European banks on eve of last day of first quarter; graphs; (S)')('2006033', "George Mason University men's basketball teamo")('2006033', 'Profile of Aristide Demetriou, barber in Manhattan for over 70 years, who is retiring at age 95; photo (M)')('2006033', "Nasdaq Stock Market withdraws its $4.1 billion preliminary offer for London Stock Exchange; several executives involved in talks say London Exchange's stock price had risen too high for Nasdaq and that London executives had given Nasdaq chilly reception; photo (M)")('2006033', 'Andrew M Cuomo, Democratic candidate for attorney general, offers series of proposals to tighten ethics rules in state government, including banning all gifts from state lobbyists and prohibiting legislators from accepting honorariums for speeches; also proposes banning elected officials from lobbying government for three years after leaving office (M)')('2006033', 'New York Republicans criticize Gov George E Pataki, leader of their party, as weak, moribund, unprincipled and corrupt; mood of frustration and anger prevails at forum in New York City; political soul-searching at meeting does not offer solutions to salvage state party (M)')('2006033', 'Investigation into steroid use in Major League Baseball begins, with Major League Baseball commissioner Bud Selig appointing former Senate majority leader George J Mitchell as head; photos (M)')('2006033', 'Smithsonian deal with Showtime to set up Smithsonian Network to create television programming that draws on museum collections and staff stirs concern about limited access for other filmmakers and researchers; joint venture has right of first refusal on commercial documentaries that rely heavily on institution material but Smithsonian says collections will still be open to others and curators will probably be allowed to give expert interviews on broad topics (S)')('2006033', 'Gov George E Pataki of New York fails to strike deal with developer Larry A Silverstein to speed rebuilding at World Trade Center site because he is unable to convince Mayor Michael R Bloomberg and Gov Jon S Corzine of New Jersey that plan makes financial sense; both Bloomberg and Corzine say deal would have enriched developer at public expense while putting project itself in jeopardy; photo (M)')('2006033', 'Murder trial of former New York City detectives Louis Eppolito and Stephen Caracappa becomes more complicated when Anthony Casso, convicted murderer and former underboss of Luchese crime family, telephones from federal prison to exonerate defendants of crimes he originally accused them of committing; letter to federal prosecutors is read in court in which he claims responsibility for two murders and a kidnapping that defendants have been charged with in this case; Casso offers no evidence to support his new account (M)')('2006033', 'Dr Bruce Leff letter says it is delusion to think that market will solve problem of long-term care for the elderly')('2006033', "John McGahern, whose stark depiction of rural Ireland made him one of country's most acclaimed fiction writers, dies at age 71; photo (M)")('2006033', "ARROW POINTS TO THE JUMP BALL'")('2006033', "Asst Sec Robert Stephan letter says March 24 editorial about proposed chemical security legislation takes issue with Homeland Security Department's plans in way that does injustice to type of tough regulatory process department supports")('2006033', 'Commerce Department reports US economy grew at annual pace of 1.7 percent in fourth quarter, up from previous estimate of 1.6 percent; puts core rate of inflation in personal consumption costs at annual rate of 2.4 percent; graph (M)')('2006033', 'House, voting 221 to 199 largely along party lines, approves main measure governing colleges, expanding need-based grants and pressing institutions to control tuition; rejects Democratic proposal to halve interest rate on student loans; $70-billion legislation sets terms for loans and grants until 2012 (S)')('2006033', "Some ESPN staffers criticize ESPN's decision to carry series Bonds on Bonds, which follows San Francisco Giants outfielder Barry Bonds, accused of using steroids; photos (M)")('2006033', 'Michael Johns letter warns that, with baby boomers becoming eligible for Mediciare, program will be incapable of handling large-scale influx of new recipients')('2006033', 'Duke University lacrosse team could still compete in NCAA championship, despite being suspended for allegations that they sexually assaulted woman at party they held (M)')('2006033', 'Letter from Peter J Strauss, chairman of Elder Care Task Force in New York, says root of problem with elder care costs is that Medicare does not cover long-term care and middle-income Americans are impoverished by these costs')('2006033', 'Paulo de Oliveira letteron affirmative action for male college students says purely objective standards cannot be applied because grades themselve are not purely objective; says as former Ivy League admissions officer he endorses such discrimination as ensuring alumni support and diverse student body')('2006033', 'Anna Benson files for divorce from former New York Mets pitcher Kris Benson (S)4')('2006033', 'New York Jets reach agreement to build new corporate headquarters in Florham Park, NJ (S)')('2006033', 'Jenny Anderson column on describes differences and similarities between mutual funds and hedge funds; describes new Securities and Exchange Commission rules that govern hedge funds and their managers; drawing (M)')('2006033', 'Ronald Gross letter suggests College Board emulate great teachers of centuries past who have urged students to slow down')('2006033', 'R Lindley DeVecchio, retired FBI agent, pleads not guilty in Brooklyn to instructing Gregory Scarpa Jr, mobster and FBI informant, to commit four killings; about 45 retired FBI agents are in courtroom to support their colleague, and five of them co-sign for his $1 million bail; photos (M)')('2006033', 'Mayor Michael R Bloomberg announces that VH1 has decided to keep third annual VH1 Hip Hip Honors in New York City, despite efforts by Los Angeles to lure it away; photo (S)')('2006033', 'Federal District Judge Lewis Kaplan criticizes prosecutors in case involving 16 former KPMG employees over aggressive tax shelters for what he calls murky definitions of fraud and evasion; asks prosecutors if they would consider dropping some of 39 counts and limit evidence in order to speed up trial (M)')('2006033', 'Man is fatally stabbed in Bedford-Stuyvesant (S)')('2006033', "Gov George E Pataki and John F Cape, his budget director, say they have reservations about two central initiatives of Legislature's budget; call property tax cut package unconstitutional; say bonding deal for New York City schools would set bad precedent in use of state debt (M)")('2006033', "Municipal labor leaders appear before New York City Council to condemn state's Taylor Law, which calls for punishing public employees for striking and provides for binding arbitration to break bargaining deadlocks; say law repeatedly gives City Hall upper hand in labor talks and provides incentives for city to drag out negotiations years after contracts expire; says it has established framework for 'pattern bargaining' where all public employees are expected to accept same terms in their contract that union picked out by the city does to set bargaining precedent; Bloomberg administration says law helps foster harmonious labor relations (M)")('2006033', 'Tampa Bay Devil Rays defeat New York Yankees, 6-4, in spring training exhibition game; photo (M)0')('2006033', 'Justice Department and American Civil Liberties Union confirm issuing subpoenas and receiving information from Internet service providers and software makers in connection with ACLU suit challenging Child Online Protection Act (M)')('2006033', 'LAWYERS FOR LACROSSE PLAYERS DIS')('2006033', 'CBS shows The Practice and')('2006033', 'Photo of Randal McCloy Jr, lone survivor of Sago Mine disaster in West Virginia in January, coming home from rehabilitation center (S)')('2006033', 'Federal, state and local law enforcement agencies break two major drug-trafficking rings that smuggled cocaine from Mexico to New York; multiple drug raids lead to seizure of millions of dollars in cash and drugs on Lond Island and discovery of tombstones from Mexico filled with cocaine at Brooklyn warehouse; 15 people have been arrested including correction officer and former teacher; photos (M)')('2006033', 'Gov George E Pataki and Mayor Michael R Bloomberg select Leslie Koch, chief executive of Fund for Public schools, to be new president of corporation devoted to redeveloping Governors Island in New York; city and state had great plans for island when it was turned over to them in 2003, but nothing has emerged; they are spending $10 million a year to maintain exisiting buildings and ferry slips; photo (M)')('2006033', 'New York Mayor Michael R Bloomberg says two major proposals on national immigration--criminalization of illegal immigration and temporary worker program--are unrealistic; says nation is not going to deport 12 million people and all but endorses amnesty; says guest-worker or temporary-worker program will not work (M)')